<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1329842_0001104659-23-033789.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41779886</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>770866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3625338</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19389673</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4905181</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11598243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-033789.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317144929
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-033789
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001329842
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				136400946
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51397
		FILM NUMBER:		23742073

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10178
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-681-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 PARK AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10178

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-033789.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 fhlbny-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Federally chartered corporation (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Class B Stock, putable, par value 100 (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Registrant s stock is t publicly traded and is only issued to members of the registrant. Such stock is issued and redeemed at par value, 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. At June 30, 2022, the aggregate par value of the common stock held by members of the registrant was approximately 4,939,243,800. At February 28, 2023, shares of common stock were outstanding . 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 25 Item 2. Properties 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 26 Item 6. [Reserved] 27 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 89 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 93 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 176 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 176 Item 9B. Other Information 176 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 176 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 177 Item 11. Executive Compensation 194 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 222 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 223 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 226 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 227 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 229 Signatures 230 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. General The Federal Home Loan Bank of New York we, us, our, the Bank or the FHLBNY is a federally chartered corporation exempt from federal, state and local taxes except local real property taxes. It is one of eleven district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). The FHLBanks are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), organized under the authority of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932. Each FHLBank is a cooperative owned by member institutions located within a defined geographic district. The members purchase capital stock in the FHLBank and generally receive dividends on their capital stock investment. Our defined geographic district is New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We provide a readily available, low-cost source of funds for our member institutions. The FHLBNY is managed to deliver balanced value to members, rather than to maximize profitability or advance volume through low pricing. Our members must purchase FHLBNY stock according to regulatory requirements as a condition of membership. For more information, see financial statements, Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings. The business of the cooperative is to provide liquidity for our members (primarily in the form of loans referred to as advances and to provide a return on members investment in FHLBNY stock in the form of a dividend. Since members are both stockholders and customers, our management operates the Bank such that there is a trade-off between providing value to them via low pricing for advances with a relatively lower dividend versus higher advances pricing with a relatively higher dividend. All federally insured depository institutions, federally insured credit unions and insurance companies engaged in residential housing finance can apply for membership in the FHLBank in their district. Community development financial institutions (CDFIs) that have been certified by the CDFI Fund of the U.S. Treasury Department, including community development loan funds, community development venture capital funds, and state-chartered credit unions without federal insurance, are also eligible to become members of a FHLBank. A member of another FHLBank or a financial institution that is not a member of any FHLBank may also hold FHLBNY stock as a result of having acquired one of our members. Because we operate as a cooperative, we conduct business with related parties in the normal course of business and consider all members and non-member stockholders as related parties in addition to the other FHLBanks. For more information, see financial statements, Note 20. Related Party Transactions and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in this Form 10-K. Our primary business is making collateralized loans or advances to members and is also the principal factor that impacts our financial condition. We also serve the public through our mortgage programs, which enable our members to liquefy certain mortgage loans by selling them to the Bank. We also provide members with such correspondent services as safekeeping, wire transfers, depository, and settlement services. Non-members that have acquired members have access to these services up to the time that their advances outstanding prepay or mature. We obtain our funds from several sources. A primary source is the issuance of FHLBank debt instruments, called Consolidated obligations, to the public. The issuance and servicing of Consolidated obligations are performed by the Office of Finance, the fiscal agent for the issuance and servicing of Consolidated obligations on behalf of the 11 FHLBanks. These debt instruments represent the joint and several obligations of all the FHLBanks. Because the FHLBanks Consolidated obligations are rated Aaa/P-1 with a stable outlook by Moody s Investors Service (Moody s) and AA+/A-1+ with a stable outlook by Standard Poor s Rating Services (S P or Standard Poor s) and because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the FHLBanks are generally able to raise funds at rates that are typically at a small to moderate spread above U.S. Treasury security yields. Additional sources of funding are member deposits, other borrowings, and the issuance of capital stock. Deposits may be accepted from member financial institutions and federal instrumentalities. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 We combine private capital and public sponsorship as a GSE to provide our member financial institutions with a reliable flow of credit and other services for housing and community development, and our cooperative ownership structure allows us to pass along the benefit of these low funding rates to our members. By supplying additional liquidity to our members, we enhance the availability of residential mortgages and community investment credit. Members also benefit from our affordable housing and economic development programs, which provide grants and below-market-rate loans that support members involvement in creating affordable housing and revitalizing communities. We do not have any wholly or partially owned subsidiaries, nor do we have an equity position in any partnerships, corporations, or off-balance sheet special purpose entities. We own a grantor trust to fund certain non-qualified employee retirement programs, more fully described in financial statements Note 16. Employee Retirement Plans and Note 6. Equity Investments. A Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (Capital Agreement) among the 11 FHLBanks requires each FHLBank to enhance its capital position, and each FHLBank will contribute 20 of its Net income each quarter to its own restricted retained earnings account at the FHLBank until the balance of that account equals at least one percent of that FHLBank s average balance of outstanding Consolidated obligations for the quarter. These restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. The FHLBNY is supervised by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA or the Finance Agency), the independent Federal regulator of the FHLBanks, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae). The FHFA s stated mission with respect to the FHLBanks is to provide effective supervision, regulation, and housing mission oversight of the FHLBanks to promote their safety and soundness, support housing finance and affordable housing, and support a stable and liquid mortgage market. Each FHLBank carries out its statutory mission only through activities that are authorized under and consistent with the Safety and Soundness Act and the FHLBank Act; and the activities of each FHLBank and the manner in which they are operated is consistent with the public interest. The Finance Agency also ensures that the FHLBNY carries out its housing and community development mission, remains adequately capitalized and able to raise funds in the capital markets. However, while the Finance Agency establishes regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, the Bank functions as a separate entity with its own management, employees and Board of Directors. Our website is www.fhlbny.com. We have adopted, and posted on our website, a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees and directors. Market Area Our market area is the same as the membership district New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Institutions that are members of the FHLBNY must have their charter or principal places of business within this market area but may also operate elsewhere. Due to the penetrated market, there are few opportunities to gain members. However, we continue to engage the member prospects who are eligible to join. In addition, foreign banks with charters based in our membership district are another potential pool of prospects. This is not a new trend as we currently have members who have parent companies outside the United States. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 We actively market membership through a series of targeted, on-going sales and marketing initiatives. We compete for business by offering competitively priced products, services and programs that provide financial flexibility to the membership. The dominant reason institutions join the FHLBNY is access to a reliable source of liquidity, through products such as advances, letters of credit and our secondary market program, Mortgage Asset Program (MAP). While liquidity is provided in a variety of ways, advances are one of the most attractive sources of liquidity because they permit members to pledge relatively illiquid assets, such as 1-4 family, multifamily, home equity, and commercial real estate mortgages held in portfolio, to create liquidity. Advances are attractively priced because of our access to capital markets as a GSE and our strategy of providing balanced value to members. The following table summarizes our members by type of institution: 

Community Development Commercial Thrift Credit Insurance Financial Banks Institutions Unions Companies Institution Total December 31, 2022 103 62 107 46 9 327 December 31, 2021 108 67 106 43 8 332 Business Segments We manage our operations as a single business segment. Management and our Board of Directors review enterprise-wide financial information in order to make operating decisions and assess performance. Our cooperative structure permits us to expand and contract with demand for advances and changes in membership. When advances are paid down, because the member no longer needs the funds or because the member has been acquired by a non-member and the former member decides to prepay advances, the stock associated with the advances is subject to immediate redemption in our sole discretion. When advances are paid before maturity, we collect fees that make us financially indifferent to the prepayment. Our operating expenses are low. Dividend capacity, which is a function of net income and the amount of stock outstanding, is largely unaffected by the prepayment since future stock and future income are reduced more or less proportionately. We believe that we will be able to meet our financial obligations and continue to deliver balanced value to members, even if advance demand contracts or if membership declines. Products and Services Introduction Advances to members are the primary focus of our operations and are also the principal factor that impacts our financial condition. Revenues from advances to members are the largest and the most significant element in our operating results. Providing advances to members, supporting the products, and associated collateral and credit operations, and funding and swapping the funds are the focus of our operations. We offer our members several correspondent banking services as well as safekeeping services. The fee income that is generated from these services is not significant. We also issue standby letters of credit on behalf of members for a fee. The total income derived from all such sources, and other incidental income and expenses were not material in the periods in this report. We provide our members with an alternative to originating and selling long-term, fixed-rate mortgages in the secondary market. We accomplish this by purchasing eligible conforming fixed-rate mortgages originated or purchased by our members. Purchases are at negotiated market rates. For more information, see Acquired Member Assets Programs below and in the financial statements, Note 10. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio. Advances We offer a wide range of credit products to help members meet local credit needs, manage interest rate and liquidity risk, and serve their communities. Our primary business is making secured loans, called advances, to members. These advances are available as short- and long-term loans with adjustable, variable, and fixed-rate features (including option-embedded and amortizing advances). 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Advances to members, including former members, constituted 73.3 and 67.9 of our total assets of 157.4 billion and 105.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In terms of revenues, interest income derived from advances were 1.9 billion, 0.5 billion, and 1.2 billion, representing 69.4 , 50.0 and 60.3 of total interest income in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Most of our critical functions are directed at supporting the borrowing needs of our members and monitoring the members associated collateral positions. For more information about advances, including our underwriting standards, see financial statements, Note 9. Advances; also see Tables 3.1 to 3.8 and the accompanying discussions in this MD A. Members use advances as a source of funding to supplement their deposit gathering activities. Advances borrowed by members have generally increased over the last decade because many members have not been able to increase their deposits in their local markets as quickly as they have increased their assets. To close this funding gap, members have preferred to obtain reasonably priced advances rather than increasing their deposits by offering higher rates or foregoing asset growth. Because of the wide range of advance types, terms, and structures available to them, members have also used advances to enhance their asset/liability management. As a cooperative, we price advances at minimal net spreads above the cost of our funding in order to deliver more value to members. Letters of Credit We may issue standby financial letters of credit on behalf of members to facilitate members residential and community lending, provide members with liquidity, or assist members with asset/liability management. Where permitted by law, members may utilize FHLBNY letters of credit to collateralize deposits made by units of state and local governments. Our underwriting and collateral requirements for securing letters of credit are the same as our requirements for securing advances. Derivatives To assist members in managing their interest rate and basis risks in both rising and falling interest-rate environments, we will act as an intermediary between the member and derivatives counterparty. We do not act as a dealer and view this as an additional service to our members. Participating members must comply with our documentation requirements and meet our underwriting and collateral requirements. Volume of such requests has been insignificant. Acquired Member Assets Programs Utilizing a risk-sharing structure, the FHLBanks are permitted to acquire certain assets from or through their members. These initiatives are referred to as Acquired Member Assets (AMA) programs. At the FHLBNY, the Acquired Member Assets initiatives are the Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF) Program and MAP, which provides members with an alternative to originating and selling long-term, fixed-rate mortgages in the secondary market. These programs are managed and funded in a consistent manner. In the MPF Program, we purchased conforming fixed-rate mortgages originated or purchased by our members. Members are then paid a fee for assuming a portion of the credit risk of the mortgages that we acquired. Members assume credit risk by providing a credit enhancement to us or providing and paying for a supplemental mortgage insurance policy insuring us for some portion of the credit risk involved. Prior to June 1, 2017, the MPF mortgage loans acquired were credit enhanced to a double-A equivalent level of creditworthiness. For loans acquired after June 1, 2017, the credit enhancement is computed to a Single A credit risk. The amount of this credit enhancement is fully collateralized by the member. We assume the remainder of the credit risk along with the interest rate risk of holding the mortgages in the MPF loan portfolio. The Bank introduced the new AMA investment program, MAP in the fourth quarter of 2020. MAP purchases are investment grade, conforming one-to-four family or government insured long-term, fixed-rate home mortgages. MAP, like MPF, is structured to provide secondary mortgage market liquidity to the selling member, the participating financial institution (PFI). MAP was fully rolled out in March 2021, at which time we stopped purchasing MPF loans. Legacy MPF loans will remain on the FHLBNY s balance sheet and will continue to be supported by the FHLBNY and the FHLBank of Chicago as MPF Provider. Income from both MPF and MAP are derived primarily from the difference, or spread, between the yield on the purchased mortgage loans and the borrowing cost of Consolidated obligations. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Under MAP, the PFI s credit enhancement is created by the FHLBNY through the establishment of an individual or, in certain cases as pooled, member performance account (MPA). The FHLBNY sets aside funds in the MPA account; funds are unsecured for the PFI and serves as the selling member s credit enhancement for future credit losses experienced on that MAP loan pool. This first loss credit enhancement provided by the member, or a group of members through pool aggregation, brings the FHLBNY purchased loans to at least investment grade at the time of sale. We offer pool aggregation under MAP to reduce the credit enhancement cost to small and mid-sized PFIs when they sell mortgages into combined pools. These credit enhancements apply after a homeowner s equity, and if applicable, private mortgage insurance has first been exhausted. For FHA and other government insured home mortgages that we purchase under MAP, we do not establish an additional MPA credit enhancement because the credit risk is insured by the United States government. We do not service the mortgage loans we purchase under MPF and MAP. PFIs may elect to retain servicing rights for the loans sold to us, or they may elect to sell servicing rights to a FHLBNY approved servicer. We do not pay a PFI any fees other than the servicing fee when the PFI retains the servicing rights. We closely monitor the servicers because we are exposed to credit and operational risk if they fail to properly perform. It is the servicer s responsibility to initiate claims for losses on the loans. If a loss is expected, no claims are settled until the claim has been reviewed and approved by the FHLBNY. Under MAP, the MPA first absorbs the credit loss after a homeowner s equity, and if applicable, private mortgage insurance has first been exhausted. If the MPA has been depleted, based on our contractual arrangement, the FHLBNY takes the ultimate credit loss, and the servicer is reimbursed for an approved claim amount. Under its current housing goals regulation, the Finance Agency establishes low-income housing goals for the FHLBNY for conventional mortgages purchased through the AMA programs. If we do not meet any affordable housing goals established by the Finance Agency, we may be required to submit a housing plan to the Finance Agency. The Acquired Member Assets Regulation does not specifically address the disposition of Acquired Member Assets. The main intent of that regulation is the purchase of assets for investment rather than for trading purposes. The FHLBNY s present intent for MPF and MAP is to hold these investments in portfolio. However, the FHLBanks have the legal authority to sell Mortgage Partnership Finance and MAP loans pursuant to the granting of incidental powers in Section 12 of the FHLBank Act. Section 12(a) of the FHLBank Act specifically provides that each FHLBank shall have all such incidental powers, not inconsistent with the provisions of this chapter, as are customary and usual in corporations generally. General corporate law principles permit the sale of investments. For additional discussion on our mortgage loans and their related credit risk, see financial statements, Note 10. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio. Also see Tables 5.1 to 5.3 and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Correspondent Banking Services We offer our members an array of correspondent banking services, including depository services, wire transfers, settlement services, and safekeeping services. Depository services include processing of customer transactions in Overnight Investment Accounts, the interest-bearing demand deposit account each customer has with us. All customer-related transactions (e.g. deposits, Federal Reserve Bank settlements, advances, securities transactions, and wires) are posted to these accounts each business day. Wire transfers include processing of incoming and outgoing domestic wire transfers, including third-party transfers. Settlement services include automated clearinghouse and other transactions received through our accounts at the Federal Reserve Bank as correspondent for members and passed through to our customers Overnight Investment Accounts with us. Through a third party, we offer customers a range of securities custodial services, such as settlement of book entry (electronically held) and physical securities. We encourage members to access these products through 1Link sm , an Internet-based delivery system we developed as a proprietary service. Members access the 1Link system to obtain account activity information or process wire transfers, book transfers, security safekeeping and advance transactions. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Affordable Housing Program and Other Mission Related Programs Federal Housing Finance Agency regulation 12 CFR Part 1292.5 (Community Investment Cash Advance Programs) states in general that each FHLBank shall establish an Affordable Housing Program (AHP) in accordance with Part 1291, and a Community Investment Program. The 11 FHLBanks together must annually allocate for the AHP the greater of 100 million or 10 percent of regulatory defined net earnings. The FHLBank may also offer a Rural Development Advance program, an Urban Development Advance program, and other Community Investment Cash Advance programs. Affordable Housing Program (AHP). We meet this requirement by allocating 10 percent of regulatory defined net income to our AHP to finance homeownership and support the creation and preservation of housing for lower income families and individuals. The program is offered in two forms: a competitive program and a homeownership program. In the competitive program, AHP funds are awarded through a competitive process to members who submit applications on behalf of project sponsors who are planning to purchase, rehabilitate, or construct affordable homes or apartments. In the homeownership program, households are required to have income at or below 80 of the area median income, and we may set aside annually, in aggregate, up to the greater of 4.5 million or 35 of the Bank s annual required AHP contributions. See financial statements, Note 13. Affordable Housing Program for assessments allocated from earnings for the periods in this report. 
 Other Mission Related Activities. The FHLBNY offers four distinct Community Lending Programs (CLP) that support our members community-oriented lending, which were established under the Community Investment Cash Advance Programs. The Bank provides reduced interest rate advances to members for lending activity that meets the CLP requirements, under the following individual programs: Community Investment Program (CIP), Rural Development Advance (RDA), Urban Development Advance (UDA) and Business Development Advance (BDA). The CLP provides additional assistance to members in their affordable housing and economic development lending activities within low- and moderate-income neighborhoods as well as other activities which benefit low- and moderate-income households. The Bank also provides letters of credit in support of projects that meet the CLP requirements and are offered at reduced fees. Providing CLP Advances and Letters of Credit at advantaged pricing that is discounted from our market interest rates and fees represents an additional allocation of our income in support of FHLBNY s affordable housing and community economic development mission. In addition, we typically make charitable contributions to organizations deemed to be highly reputable and who provide vital services. The foregone interest and fee income, as well as the charitable contributions, are above and beyond the annual income contribution to the AHP offered under the Community Investment Cash Advance Programs. 
 Investments We maintain portfolios of investments to provide additional earnings and for liquidity purposes. Investment income also bolsters our capacity to fund Affordable Housing Program projects, and to cover operating expenditures. To help ensure the availability of funds to meet member credit needs, we maintain interest-bearing deposits and portfolios of short-term investments issued by highly-rated, high credit quality financial institutions. The investments may include overnight Federal funds, term Federal funds, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and we are a major lender in this market, particularly in the overnight market. We further enhance our interest income by holding long-term investments classified as either held-to-maturity or as available-for-sale. These portfolios primarily consist of mortgage-backed securities issued by government-sponsored mortgage enterprises. Our long-term investments also include a small portfolio of privately issued mortgage-backed and residential asset-backed securities that were primarily acquired prior to 2006, bonds issued by housing finance agencies, and Grantor Trust owned by the FHLBNY that invests in mutual funds. We have a liquidity trading portfolio invested primarily in highly-liquid U.S. Treasury securities to enhance our short-term liquidity positions. The trading portfolio is not for speculative purposes. For more information, see financial statements, Note 4. Interest-bearing Deposits, Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell, Note 5. Trading Securities, Note 6. Equity Investments, Note 7. Available-for-Sale Securities and Note 8. Held-To-Maturity Securities. Also see Tables 4.1 through 4.9 and accompanying discussions in this MD A. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Debt Financing Consolidated Obligations Our primary source of funds is the sale of debt securities, known as Consolidated obligations, in the U.S. and global capital markets. Consolidated obligations are the joint and several obligations of the FHLBanks, backed only by the financial resources of the 11 FHLBanks. Consolidated obligations are not obligations of the United States, and the United States does not guarantee them. The issuance and servicing of Consolidated obligations debt are performed by the Office of Finance, a joint office of the FHLBanks established by the Finance Agency. The Office of Finance (OF) has authority to issue joint and several debt on behalf of the FHLBanks. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the par amounts of Consolidated obligations outstanding, bonds and discount notes for all 11 FHLBanks was 1.2 trillion and 0.7 trillion, including 149.8 billion and 96.7 billion issued for the FHLBNY and outstanding at those dates. For more information, see financial statements, Note 12. Consolidated Obligations. Also see Tables 6.1 to 6.11 and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Finance Agency regulations state that the FHLBanks must maintain, free from any lien or pledge, qualifying assets at least equal to the face amount of Consolidated obligations outstanding. Qualifying assets are defined as cash; secured advances; assets with an assessment or rating at least equivalent to the current assessment or rating of the Consolidated obligations; obligations of or fully guaranteed by the United States, obligations, participations, or other instruments of or issued by Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) or the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae); mortgages, obligations, or other securities which are or ever have been sold by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) under the FHLBank Act; and such securities as fiduciary and trust funds may invest in under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. Any assets subject to a lien or pledge for the benefit of holders of any issue of Consolidated obligations are treated as if they were free from lien or pledge for purposes of compliance with these regulations. Consolidated obligations are distributed through dealers selected by the Office of Finance using various methods including competitive auction and negotiations with individual or syndicates of underwriters. Some debt issuance is in response to specific inquiries from underwriters. Many Consolidated obligations are issued with the FHLBank concurrently entering into derivatives agreements, such as interest rate swaps. To facilitate issuance, the Office of Finance may coordinate communication between underwriters, individual FHLBanks, and financial institutions executing derivative agreements with the FHLBanks. Issuance volume is not concentrated with any particular underwriter. The Office of Finance is mandated by the Finance Agency to ensure that Consolidated obligations are issued efficiently and at the lowest all-in cost of funds over time. If the Office of Finance determines that its action is consistent with its Finance Agency s mandated policies, it may reject our issuance request, and the requests of other FHLBanks, to raise funds through the issuance of Consolidated obligations on particular terms and conditions. We have never been denied access under this policy for all periods reported. The Office of Finance serves as a source of information for the FHLBanks on capital market developments and manages the FHLBanks relationship with the rating agencies with respect to the Consolidated obligations. Consolidated Obligation Liabilities Each FHLBank independently determines its participation in each issuance of Consolidated obligations based on (among other factors) its own funding and operating requirements, maturities, interest rates, and other terms available for Consolidated obligations in the market. The FHLBanks have emphasized diversification of funding sources and channels as the need for funding from the capital markets has grown. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Obligation Bonds. Consolidated bonds are issued primarily to raise intermediate- and long-term funds for the FHLBanks. They can be issued and distributed through negotiated or competitive bidding transactions with approved underwriters or bidding group members. Consolidated bonds (COs or CO bonds) generally carry fixed- or variable-rate payment terms and have maturities ranging from one month to 30 years. The Global Debt Program The FHLBanks issue global bullet Consolidated bonds. The FHLBanks and the Office of Finance maintain a debt issuance process for scheduled issuance of global bullet Consolidated bonds. As part of this process, management from each FHLBank will determine and communicate a firm commitment to the Office of Finance for an amount of scheduled global bullet debt to be issued on its behalf. If the FHLBanks orders do not meet the minimum debt issue size, each FHLBank receives an allocation of proceeds equal to either the larger of the FHLBank s commitment or the ratio of the individual FHLBank s regulatory capital to total regulatory capital of all of the FHLBanks. If the FHLBanks commitments exceed the minimum debt issue size, then the proceeds are allocated based on relative regulatory capital of the FHLBanks, with the allocation limited to either the lesser of the allocation amount or the actual commitment amount. The FHLBanks can, however, pass on any scheduled calendar slot and decline to issue any global bullet Consolidated bonds upon agreement of at least eight of the FHLBanks. TAP Issue Program The FHLBanks use the TAP Issue Program to issue fixed-rate, non-callable (bullet) bonds. This program uses specific maturities that may be reopened daily through competitive auctions. The goal of the TAP Issue Program is to aggregate frequent smaller fixed-rate funding needs into a larger bond issue that may have greater market liquidity. 
 Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes. Discount notes may be offered into the market through the discount note window , or through regularly scheduled competitive auctions. These CO discount notes have a maturity range of one day to one year, are generally issued at or below par, and mature at par. Discount notes issued through the discount note window are priced daily and distributed through FHLBank authorized dealers. FHLBanks may request that specific amounts of Consolidated discount notes (CO discount notes or discount notes) with specific maturity dates be offered by the Office of Finance for sale through authorized securities dealers. The Office of Finance commits to issue CO discount notes on behalf of the requesting FHLBanks after dealers submit orders for the specific CO discount notes offered for sale. The FHLBanks receive funding based on the time of their request, the rate requested for issuance, the trade date, the settlement date, and the maturity date. However, a FHLBank may receive less than requested (or may not receive any funding) because of investor demand and competing FHLBank requests for the particular funding that the FHLBank is requesting. Twice weekly, one or more of the FHLBanks may also request that specific amounts of CO discount notes with fixed maturities of 4, 8, 13, and 26 weeks be offered by the Office of Finance through single-price (Dutch) auctions conducted with securities dealers in the discount note selling group. Issuance is contingent on FHLBank demand for funding with these terms. Auction sizes and maturity categories are announced to dealers during the auction process on Reuters and other major wire services. The discount notes offered for sale through Dutch auctions are not subject to a limit on the maximum costs the FHLBanks are willing to pay. Bids will be accepted from the lowest bid rate until the auction size is met, and all winning bids will be awarded at the highest bid rate accepted, so that the FHLBanks receive funding based on their requests at the highest bid rate accepted. If the bids submitted are less than the total of the FHLBanks requests, the FHLBank receives funding based on that FHLBank s regulatory capital relative to the regulatory capital of other FHLBanks offering CO discount notes. 
 Deposits The FHLBank Act allows us to accept deposits from its members, other FHLBanks and government instrumentalities. For us, member deposits are also a source of funding, but we do not rely on member deposits to meet our funding requirements. For members, deposits are a low risk earning asset that may satisfy their regulatory liquidity requirements. We offer several types of deposit programs to our members, including demand and term deposits. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Capital From its enactment in 1932, the FHLBank Act provided for a subscription-based capital structure for the FHLBanks. The amount of capital stock that each FHLBank issued was determined by a statutory formula establishing how much FHLBank capital stock each member was required to purchase. With the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, Congress replaced the statutory subscription-based member capital stock purchase formula with requirements for total capital, leverage capital, and risk-based capital for the FHLBanks and required the FHLBanks to develop new capital plans to replace the previous statutory structure. The FHLBNY s capital plan bases the stock purchase requirement on the level of activity a member has with the Bank, subject to a minimum membership requirement that is intended to reflect the value to the member of having access to the Bank as a funding source. With the approval of the Board of Directors, we may adjust these requirements from time to time within the ranges established in the capital plan. Any changes to our capital plan must be approved by our Board of Directors and the Finance Agency. Bank capital stock cannot be publicly traded, and under the capital plan, may be issued, transferred, redeemed, and repurchased only at its par value of 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. Under the capital plan, a member s capital stock will be redeemed by the Bank upon five years notice from the member, subject to certain conditions. In addition, we have the discretion to repurchase excess capital stock from members. Our current practice is to acquire excess activity-based capital stock daily. For more information, see Table 7.1 Stockholders Capital in this MD A, and Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings in the notes to the audited financial statements. Retained Earnings and Dividends The Bank s Retained Earnings and Dividends policy (the Policy) is a Board approved policy, the objectives of which are to preserve the value of our members investment with us, and to provide members with a reasonable dividend. The Policy also states that we want to provide returns on the investment in the Bank s stock that are sufficient to attract and retain members, and that do not discourage member borrowing. The Bank s minimum level of retained earnings provides management with a high degree of confidence that estimable losses under simulated stressful conditions and scenarios will not impair paid-in capital, thereby preserving the par value of the stock. Additionally, Unrestricted Retained Earnings should be available to supplement dividends when earnings are low, or losses occur. Our ability to pay dividends and any other distributions may be affected by standards under the Policy. The Policy establishes (1) a minimum level of Retained Earnings equal to the Bank s Retained Earnings Sufficiency , which is the FHLBNY s measure of estimating the Bank s risk exposures; it is estimated under simulated stressful conditions and scenarios, within a defined confidence interval, on market, credit and operational risks, as well as GAAP accounting exposures related to the fair values of certain financial instruments; (2) the priority of contributions to retained earnings relative to other distributions of income; (3) the target level of Retained Earnings, based on the Retained Earnings Sufficiency level; (4) a timeline to achieve the targets and to ensure maintenance of appropriate levels of Retained Earnings. The Bank may pay dividends from Unrestricted Retained Earnings and current net income. Per Finance Agency regulations, our Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends in either cash or capital stock; our practice has been to pay dividends in cash. Our dividends and our dividend policy are subject to Federal Housing Finance Agency regulations and policies. Any dividend payments declared by our Board are a function of these policies, and our financial condition and performance. To achieve the Bank s strategic plans and business objectives within the Bank s risk appetite, the Board-approved Retained Earnings target was 1,791 million for 2022 and 1,885 million for 2021. For more information about Restricted retained earnings, see Table 7.1 Stockholder s Capital in this MD A. Unrestricted Retained Earnings was 1,185.1 million and 1,103.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restricted Retained Earnings was 910.9 million and 827.4 million at the two dates. The balance in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI), a component of stockholder s equity, were losses of 136.3 million and gains of 14.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our actual retained earning balances exceeded the required Bank s Retained Earnings Sufficiency level and was in compliance with the Retained Earnings and Dividend Policy. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the impact of dividends on our retained earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Retained earnings, beginning of year 1,930,965 1,909,616 1,801,034 Adjustments to opening balance (a) 14,431 Net Income for the year 417,376 265,521 442,385 2,348,341 2,175,137 2,257,850 Dividends paid in the year (b) (252,374) (244,172) (348,234) Retained earnings, end of year 2,095,967 1,930,965 1,909,616 

 (a) Represents the cumulative-effect adjustment charge to opening balances with the adoption of ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2020, and a recovery in 2020 of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation (FICO). For more information, see Statements of Capital in the Financial Statements. (b) Dividends are paid quarterly in arrears in the second month after quarter-end. Dividends are accrued in the period they are declared and therefore not accrued at quarter-end. 
 Competition Demand for advances is affected by many factors including, but not exclusive to the availability and cost to members of alternate sources of liquidity, including retail deposits and wholesale funding options such as brokered deposits, repurchase agreements, Federal Funds lines of credit, Federal Reserve Bank liquidity facilities, wholesale CD programs, and deposits through listing services. Historically, members have grown their assets at a faster pace than retail deposits and capital resulting in the creation of a funding gap. We compete with both secured and unsecured suppliers of wholesale funding to fill these potential funding gaps. Such other suppliers of funding may include Wall Street dealers, commercial banks, regional broker-dealers, and firms capitalizing on wholesale funding platforms. Of these wholesale funding sources, the brokered CD market is our main threat as members continue to increase their usage and counterparties extend available maturities. Demand for advances is also affected by Federal Reserve actions in managing interest rates and the size and composition of its balance sheet, as those actions affect economic and capital markets conditions, the supply of liquidity in the financial system, the behavior of depositors and other factors. An emerging competitor is Deposits through Listing Services, which are financial institutions that charge a subscription fee to help banks gather deposits. We have seen gradual growth in the use of these wholesale deposit vehicles. The Federal Reserve funding programs have emerged as competition for our short-term advances. Repo and Federal Funds usage has been stable, though demand for certain members has both increased and decreased as a result of the various changes in regulatory liquidity requirements. We expect that brokered CDs will continue to pressure market share. Our larger members may also have access to the national and global credit markets. The availability of alternative funding sources can vary as a result of market conditions, member creditworthiness, availability of collateral and suppliers appetite for the business, as well as other factors. However, we believe the competitive landscape will continue and will be reflected in the balances and market share. We compete for funds in the national and global debt markets. Competitors include corporations, sovereigns, the U.S. Treasury, supranational entities, and Government Sponsored Enterprises including Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Farm Credit Banks (FFCB). Increases in the supply of competing debt products could, in the absence of increases in demand, result in higher debt costs or lesser amounts of debt issued at the same cost than would otherwise be the case. In addition, the availability and cost of funds can be adversely affected by regulatory initiatives that could reduce demand for Federal Home Loan Bank System debt. Although the available supply of funds has historically kept pace with the liquidity needs of our members, there can be no assurance this will continue to be the case. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In certain market conditions, such as the ones beginning in early 2021, there is considerable competition among high credit quality issuers in the markets for callable debt. The issuance of callable debt and the simultaneous execution of callable derivatives that mirror the debt have been a valuable source of competitively priced funding for the FHLBNY. Since Money Market Fund Reform, the dominant System issuance has been in simple floating-rate debt as money market funds migrated assets from Prime to Government Funds; thereby creating demand for eligible assets such as FHLBank debt. Floaters have been one of the main determinants of our relative cost of funds. There can be no assurance that the current breadth and depth of these markets will be sustained as it is heavily influenced by investor sentiment concerning rates and yields, LIBOR cessation and availability of alternative investments, particularly in the Repo sector. Since November 2018, the FHLBank System has been a major participant in the issuance of floaters using the LIBOR replacement index, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). SOFR floaters are a major source of funding for the System and will continue to be as issuance grows and a broader derivatives market develops in anticipation of a cessation of LIBOR. See LIBOR replacement discussions in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We compete for the purchase of mortgage loans in the secondary mortgage market. For single-family products, competition is primarily with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, principally on the basis of price, products, structures, and services offered. Competition for certain aspects of the FHLBank business model among the 11 FHLBanks is limited, although a bank holding company with multiple banking charters may operate in more than one FHLBank s district. A limited number of our member institutions are subsidiaries of financial holding companies with multiple charters and FHLBank memberships. The amount of advances borrowed by these entities and the amount of capital stock held, could be material to the business. Certain large member financial institutions operating in our district may borrow unsecured Federal funds or source deposits from other FHLBanks. We are permitted by regulation to purchase short-term investments from our members, though we choose to not permit members to borrow unsecured funds from us. Oversight, Audits, and Examinations Our business is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations to which we are subject cover all key aspects of our business, and directly and indirectly affect our product and service offerings, pricing, competitive position and strategic plan, relationship with members and third parties, capital structure, cash needs and uses, and information security. As a result, such laws and regulations have a significant effect on key drivers of our results of operations, including, for example, our capital and liquidity, product and service offerings, risk management, and costs of compliance. An overview of our regulatory environment is discussed below. The Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency or FHFA), an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government, supervises and regulates the FHLBanks. The Housing Act created the FHFA with regulatory authority over FHLBank matters such as: Board of Director composition, executive compensation, risk-based capital standards and prompt corrective action enforcement provisions, membership eligibility, and low-income housing goals. The FHFA s mission, with respect to the FHLBanks, is to ensure that the FHLBanks operate in a safe and sound manner so that the FHLBanks serve as a reliable source of liquidity and funding for housing finance and community investment. We carry out our statutory mission only through activities that comply with the rules, regulations, guidelines, and orders issued under the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act, the Housing Act and the FHLBank Act. Our shares of Class B stock are registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act, and we are subject to the information, disclosure, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Exchange Act. We are not subject to the provisions of the Securities Act. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 The Government Corporation Control Act provides that, before a government corporation may issue and offer obligations to the public, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe the form, denomination, maturity, interest rate and conditions of the obligations; the way and time issued; and the selling price. The U.S. Department of the Treasury receives the Finance Agency s annual report to Congress, monthly reports reflecting securities transactions of the FHLBanks, and other reports reflecting the operations of the FHLBanks. The FHLBNY has an internal audit department, and our Board of Directors has an Audit Committee. An independent registered public accounting firm audits our annual financial statements. The independent registered public accounting firm conducts these audits following auditing standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). The FHLBanks, the Finance Agency, and Congress all receive the audit reports. We must also submit annual management reports to Congress, the President, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Comptroller General. These reports include: Statements of financial condition, operations, and cash flows; a Statement of internal accounting and administrative control systems; and the Report of the independent registered public accounting firm on the financial statements and internal controls over financial reporting. The Comptroller General has authority under the FHLBank Act to audit or examine the Finance Agency and the FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, and to decide the extent to which they fairly and effectively fulfill the purpose of the FHLBank Act. Furthermore, the Government Corporation Control Act provides that the Comptroller General may review any audit of our financial statements conducted by a registered independent public accounting firm. If the Comptroller General conducts such a review, then he or she must report the results and provide his or her recommendations to Congress, the Office of Management and Budget and the Bank. The Comptroller General may also conduct his or her own audit of any of our financial statements. For a discussion regarding the risks related to our regulatory environment, see the description of Risk Factors Legislative and Regulatory Risks in Part I, Section 1A of this Form 10-K, and for a discussion of recent regulatory developments that may impact the Bank, see Management s Discussion and Analysis Legislative and Regulatory Developments in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Tax Status The FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, are exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation except for real property taxes. Assessments Affordable Housing Program (AHP) Assessments. Section 10(j) of the FHLBank Act requires each FHLBank to establish an Affordable Housing Program. Each FHLBank provides subsidies in the form of direct grants and below-market interest rate advances to members who use the funds to assist in the purchase, construction, or rehabilitation of housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income households. Annually, the FHLBanks must allocate for the AHP the greater of 100 million or 10 of regulatory net income. Regulatory net income is defined as GAAP net income before interest expense related to mandatorily redeemable capital stock and the assessment for Affordable Housing Program. The exclusion of interest expense related to mandatorily redeemable capital stock is a regulatory interpretation of the Finance Agency. We accrue the AHP expense monthly. We charge the amount allocated for the Affordable Housing Program to income and recognize the amounts allocated as a liability. We relieve the AHP liability as members use subsidies. In periods where our regulatory income before Affordable Housing Program is zero or less, the amount of AHP liability is equal to zero. If the result of the aggregate 10 calculation described above is less than 100 million for all 11 FHLBanks, then the Act requires the shortfall to be allocated among the FHLBanks based on the ratio of each FHLBank s income before Affordable Housing Program to the sum of the income before Affordable Housing Program of the 11 FHLBanks. There were no shortfalls in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources The Bank s human capital is a significant contributor to the success of the Bank s strategic business objectives. In managing the Bank s human capital, the Bank focuses on its workforce profile and the various programs and philosophies described below. Workforce Profile The Bank s workforce is primarily comprised of corporate employees, with the Bank s principal operations in three locations. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 327 full-time and no part-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 59 of the Bank s workforce were men, 41 women, 44 non-minority and 56 minority. Given the size of assets under management, the Bank s workforce is lean, and historically has included a number of longer-tenured employees. The Bank strives to both develop talent from within the organization and supplement with external hires. The Bank believes that developing talent internally results in institutional strength and continuity and promotes loyalty and commitment in the Bank s employee base, which furthers its success, while adding new employees contributes to new ideas, continuous improvement, and the Bank s goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. As of December 31, 2022, the average tenure of the Bank s employees was 9.9 years. There are no collective bargaining agreements with the Bank s employees. Total Rewards The Bank seeks to attract, develop, engage and retain talented employees to achieve its strategic business initiatives, enhance business performance and increase shareholder value. The Bank effects this objective through a combination of inclusion and development programs, benefits and employee wellness programs and recognizing and rewarding performance. Specifically, the Bank s programs include: Cash compensation (i.e., base salary, and variable or at risk short-term incentive compensation) Health Benefits Healthcare insurance, Life and Accidental Death Dismemberment insurance, Short-Term and Long-Term Disability benefits Retirement Benefits 401(k) retirement savings plans with employer match, and pension benefits Wellness program Fitness Reimbursement, Health Management and Employee Assistance Programs Time away from work including time off for vacation, personal, holiday, and volunteer opportunities Culture Culture, Wellness and Activity Committees events, Diversity and Inclusion initiatives Work/Life balance parental leave, bereavement and jury duty Development programs and training Tuition Reimbursement Program, Corporate Toastmasters Club, Online Training Platform, Internal Educational and Development program, and Management Development Program Management succession planning the Bank s board and leadership actively engage in management succession planning 
 The Bank s Performance Management framework includes a mid-year checkpoint, as well as an annual performance review. Overall annual ratings are calibrated and merit and incentive payments are differentiated for the Bank s highest performers. The Bank is committed to the health, safety and wellness of its employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank has implemented significant operating environment changes, safety protocols and procedures that it determined were in the best interest of the Bank s employees and members, and which complied with government regulations, including having employees work remotely during portions of the pandemic. We continue to operate the Bank with a hybrid remote work arrangement for employees. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Diversity and Inclusion Program Diversity and Inclusion D I is a strategic business priority for the Bank. The Bank s Chief Administrative Officer/Director of Diversity Inclusion is a Member of the Management Committee, reporting to the President and Chief Executive Officer and serves as a liaison to the Board of Directors. The Bank recognizes that diversity increases capacity for innovation and creativity. Additionally, inclusion allows the Bank to leverage the unique perspectives of all employees and strengthens the Bank s retention efforts. The Bank operationalizes its commitment through the development and execution of a three-year diversity and inclusion strategic plan that includes quantifiable metrics to measure its success and it reports regularly on its performance to management and the Board of Directors. The Bank also offers a range of opportunities for its employees to connect and grow personally and professionally through the Office of Diversity and Inclusion Workplace Inclusion Team. The Bank considers learning an important component of its D I strategic plan and regularly offers educational opportunities to its employees and evaluates inclusive behaviors as part of the Bank s annual performance management process. Culture Management The Bank considers culture as a strategic lever that acts to help support the future performance of the Bank and enhance employee engagement and inclusion, and further develop our people. The Bank has defined its culture state priorities as: obtaining results, operating safely, fostering agility and caring about employees. These culture state priorities align with the mission, vision and core values of the Bank. As part of our culture management efforts, we actively provide employees across the Bank with growth opportunities, access and exposure so that they can learn and develop their capabilities. To further this effort, in 2022, the Bank launched its Distributed Leadership framework, through which managers provide their direct reports with targeted opportunities to take on stretch assignments, including roles in connection with Bank initiatives and projects. Available Information The Federal Home Loan Bank of New York maintains a website located at www.fhlbny.com where we make available our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), and other information regarding us and our products free of charge. We are required to file with the SEC an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports and other information regarding our electronic filings located at www.sec.gov. Information on these websites, or that can be accessed through these websites, does not constitute a part of this annual report. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following discussion sets forth the material risk factors that could affect the FHLBNY s financial condition and results of operations. Readers should not consider any descriptions of such factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect the FHLBNY. Market and Economic Risks A prolonged downturn in the economy, including the U.S. housing market, and related U.S. government monetary policies, could adversely affect the FHLBNY s business activities and results of operations. The FHLBNY s business and results of operations are sensitive to the U.S. economy and the U.S. housing market. A prolonged period of slow growth in the U.S. economy, deterioration in general economic conditions, or a downturn in the housing markets could adversely affect our borrowers, particularly those whose businesses are concentrated in the mortgage industry. For example, if home prices decline or the unemployment rate increases, the value of collateral securing member credit may decline, which could in turn increase the possibility of under-collateralization and the risk of loss if our member defaults. Deterioration in the residential mortgage markets could also affect the value of collateral supporting our mortgage loan portfolio, increasing the risk of loss due to credit impairment, as well as possible realized losses if we are forced to liquidate our assets. Unfavorable economic and market conditions can be caused by many factors. Volatility and uncertainty in global economic and political conditions can significantly affect U.S. economic conditions and financial markets. Negative trends in the global economy and political climate could influence, among other business activities, member borrowing activity and our investment patterns. Additionally, investors negative perceptions of the state of the U.S. economy could lead to a decline in investor demand for consolidated obligations. Furthermore, natural disasters, pandemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist attacks, civil unrest, geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the prolonged hostilities between Russia and Ukraine), trade disruptions, economic or other sanctions, or other unanticipated or catastrophic events could create economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties, which may lead to reduced demand for advances and an increased risk of credit losses for the Bank and may adversely affect their cost of funding or access to funding. These events may also lead to operational difficulties that could adversely affect the ability of the Bank to conduct and manage their businesses. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business activities and results of operations. In addition, the Banks businesses and results of operations are significantly affected by the monetary policies of the U.S. government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve Board s policies directly and indirectly influence interest rates on our assets and liabilities and could adversely affect the demand for advances and for consolidated obligations as well as the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. Recent efforts of the Federal Reserve Board to ease inflation, such as continued increases in policy interest rates, have contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets and uncertainties about the economic outlook, including concerns about a possible recession. In addition, the Bank currently plays a predominant role as a lender in the federal funds market; therefore, any disruption in the federal funds market or any related regulatory or policy change may adversely affect our cash management activities, results of operations, and reputation. Changes in interest rates or an inability to successfully manage interest-rate risk could have a material adverse effect on FHLBNY s net interest income. The FHLBNY realizes net interest income primarily from the spread between interest earned on our outstanding advances and investments less the interest paid on our consolidated obligations and other liabilities. Our business and results of operations are significantly affected by the monetary policies of the U.S. government and our agencies. Our ability to prepare for changes regarding the direction and speed of interest-rate changes or to use derivatives to hedge related exposures, such as basis risk, significantly affects the success of our asset and liability management activities and level of net interest income. If we are unable to enter into derivative instruments on acceptable terms, we may be unable to effectively manage our interest-rate and other risks, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We use a number of measures to monitor and manage interest-rate risk, including income simulations, value at risk, and duration or market value sensitivity analyses. Given the unpredictability of the financial markets, capturing all potential outcomes in these analyses is extremely difficult. Key assumptions include, but are not limited to, loan volumes and pricing, market conditions for 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 consolidated obligations, interest-rate spreads and prepayment speeds, implied volatility of interest rates and options contracts, cash flows on mortgage-related assets, and other model and model related assumptions. These assumptions are inherently uncertain, and we cannot precisely estimate net interest income and the market value of equity. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest-rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. In addition, volatility and disruption in the capital markets may result in a higher level of volatility in our interest-rate risk profile and could negatively affect our ability to manage interest-rate risk effectively. Interest-rate changes can exacerbate prepayment and extension risks. Increases in interest rates may create extension risk, which is the risk that the mortgage-related investments will remain outstanding longer than expected at below-market yields. Therefore, any changes in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest income. Changes to the credit ratings of consolidated obligations could adversely affect the FHLBNY s ability to access the capital markets, our primary source of funding, on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. The FHLBanks consolidated obligations are rated AA+/A-1+ with a stable outlook by S P and Aaa/P-1 with a stable outlook by Moody s. Rating agencies may from time to time change a rating or outlook or issue negative reports. Investors should not take the FHLBanks historical or current ratings as an indication of future ratings for the FHLBanks consolidated obligations. Because the FHLBanks are jointly and severally liable for consolidated obligations, negative developments at any FHLBank may affect these credit ratings or result in the issuance of a negative report regardless of the financial condition and results of operations of the other FHLBanks. In addition, because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the credit ratings of the FHLBank System, the FHLBanks, and consolidated obligations are directly influenced by the sovereign credit rating of the United States. For example, downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit rating or outlook may occur if the U.S. government fails to adequately address, based on the credit rating agencies criteria, its fiscal budget deficit or statutory debt limit (which was most recently reached in January 2023). As a result, if the U.S. sovereign credit ratings or outlook were downgraded, similar downgrades in the credit ratings or outlook of the FHLBanks and consolidated obligations would most likely occur, even though the consolidated obligations are not obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States. Future downgrades in credit ratings or outlook may result in higher funding costs, higher volatilities, or other disruptions in the FHLBanks access to capital markets, including additional collateral posting requirements under certain derivative instrument arrangements. Furthermore, member demand for certain FHLBank products could weaken. To the extent that we cannot access funding when needed on acceptable terms to effectively manage our cost of funds, our financial condition and results of operations and the FHLBanks on a combined basis and the value of our membership could be negatively affected. Legislative and Regulatory Risks Changes in the legislative and regulatory environment could negatively affect the FHLBNY business operations, results of operations, the reputation and the value of the Bank s membership. As a GSE, the FHLBNY is organized under the authority of the FHLBank Act and governed by U.S. federal laws and regulations as adopted and applied by the FHFA. Congress could amend the FHLBank Act or other statutes in ways that significantly affect the rights and obligations of the FHLBanks or the manner in which the FHLBanks carry out their mission and business operations. New or modified legislation enacted by Congress or changes in the statutory or regulatory requirements applied or imposed by the FHFA or other financial services regulators could result in, among other things: an increase in our cost of funding and regulatory compliance; a change in membership or permissible business activities; additional capital and liquidity requirements; additional contributions under Affordable Housing Programs or Community Investment Cash Advance Programs; reduced demand for advances or limitations on advances made to our members (including whether a member meets required tangible capital levels to access advances); or a change in the size, scope, or nature of our lending, investment, or mortgage financing activities. Recently, the FHFA initiated a comprehensive review of the FHLBank System, covering such areas as the FHLBanks mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency, and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, and collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. It remains uncertain what legislative, regulatory or other actions, if any, may be proposed or implemented as a result of the FHFA s review or the increased 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 public scrutiny of the FHLBank System, or what their potential effect on the FHLBanks may be. Any of these factors could negatively affect the Bank s business operations, results of operations, and reputation, and the value of FHLBank membership. Furthermore, increased focus on climate change and other environmental, social, and governance matters has led to heightened legislative and regulatory attention in these areas, including the potential for new requirements on climate change-related risk assessment, risk management, and disclosure. New or modified laws and regulations, along with increased stakeholder expectations, related to these matters may increase the costs of compliance for the Bank and its members and alter the environment in which they conduct their businesses, which could adversely affect the Bank s business activities, results of operations, and reputation. Additionally, potential legislative and regulatory changes governing or affecting the Bank s members, investors, and dealers of consolidated obligations could adversely affect the business activities, financial condition, and results of operations of the Bank. Changes in the perception, regulation, or status of the GSEs and the related effect on debt issuance could reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, the FHLBNY s debt and adversely affect the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. The FHLBanks are GSEs organized under the authority of the FHLBank Act and are authorized to issue debt securities to finance housing and community investments. Negative announcements by any of the housing GSEs, concerning topics such as accounting problems, risk-management issues, or regulatory enforcement actions, have historically created, and may in the future create pressure on debt pricing for all GSEs, as investors perceive such instruments as bearing increased risk. Any such negative information or other factors could result in the Bank having to pay a higher rate of interest on consolidated obligations to make them attractive to investors, which could negatively affect our results of operations, and our access to funding. Given our shared status as GSEs, the scope, timing, and effect of any regulatory reform affecting the GSEs, including the ultimate resolution to the conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and resulting changes in the regulation or status of the GSEs, could have a significant effect on the FHLBank System. While there are significant differences between the FHLBank System and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, including the FHLBanks focus on secured lending in the form of advances as opposed to guaranteeing mortgages and their distinctive cooperative business model, legislation or other regulatory reform affecting the GSEs could inadequately account for these differences, which could negatively change the perception of the risks associated with the GSEs and their debt securities. This change in the perception of risk could adversely affect our funding costs, access to funding, competitive position, and our financial condition and results of operations. Changes to and replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the FHLBNY s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Under the July 2017 and March 2021 announcements by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and all non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased to be provided by any administrator and were no longer representative as of January 1, 2022. The remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023. Although the Financial Conduct Authority does not expect these remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings to become unrepresentative before the cessation date, there is no assurance that any of them will continue to be published or be representative through any particular date. Although the last of the FHLBanks consolidated obligations indexed to LIBOR matured as of January 2022, many of the FHLBNY s assets and derivatives remain indexed to LIBOR, with exposure extending past June 30, 2023. The Bank incorporated fallback language related to a majority of their advances to members and related to its consolidated bonds, and also adhered to the ISDA 2020 Interbank Offered Rate Fallbacks Protocol with respect to their over-the-counter derivative agreements referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR. The discontinuation of LIBOR may have an unpredictable effect on certain existing LIBOR-indexed instruments. As LIBOR has been a principal floating-rate benchmark in the financial markets, its cessation has affected, and will continue to affect, the financial markets generally and may also affect the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Bank. In the United States, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee proposed SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York publishes SOFR rates. SOFR is based on a broad segment of the overnight Treasury repurchase market and is intended to be a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities. The market transition away from LIBOR and towards SOFR or another alternative reference rate has been and is expected to continue to be complicated, including the development of term and credit adjustments to accommodate differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternative reference rate as well as other market conventions. In addition, the overnight Treasury repurchase 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 market underlying SOFR has experienced and may experience disruptions from time to time, which has resulted and may result in unexpected fluctuations in SOFR. The introduction of alternative reference rates also creates challenges in hedging and asset liability management and may result in additional basis risk and increased volatility for the Bank and other market participants. While market activity in SOFR-linked financial instruments has continued to develop, demand for these financial instruments will continue to depend upon market participants preference for SOFR over any other alternative reference rate. Any disruption in the market transition towards SOFR or another alternative reference rate could result in increased financial, operational, legal, reputational, or compliance risks for the Bank. The Bank is not able to predict what the effect of the continued transition to SOFR or another alternative reference rate will have on the business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Bank. A failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements could affect the FHLBNY s ability to pay dividends or repurchase or redeem members capital stock, which may cause a decrease in members demand for advances or difficulties in retaining existing members and attracting new members. The FHLBNY is subject to minimum capital requirements under the FHLBank Act and FHFA rules and regulations, including total capital, leverage capital, and risk-based capital requirements. If we are unable to satisfy our minimum capital requirements, we would be subject to capital restoration requirements. Until the minimum capital levels have been restored, we would also be prohibited from paying dividends and redeeming or repurchasing capital stock without the prior approval of the FHFA, which could adversely affect our members investment in our capital stock. Furthermore, to the extent that current and prospective members determine that our dividend is insufficient or our ability to pay future dividends or repurchase excess capital stock becomes limited, we may be unable to expand our membership and may experience decreased member demand for advances or increased member requests for withdrawals. These factors may cause a decline in the value of our membership and make it difficult to retain existing members or to attract new members. Business Risks Increased competition or reduced demand could adversely affect the FHLBNY s financial condition, results of operations, and primary business activity, which is to provide financial products and services to members and housing associates. The FHLBNY s primary business is to provide our members and housing associates with financial products and services, including but not limited to, secured loans known as advances. We compete with other suppliers of wholesale funding, including, but not limited to, investment banks, commercial banks, the Federal Reserve, and, in certain circumstances, other FHLBanks. Changes to legislation or regulations affecting our members, or the availability of alternative funding sources to members, could significantly decrease the demand for advances, tighten net interest margin, and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may be required by new legislation or regulations or other factors to change policies, programs, and agreements affecting members access to advances, mortgage purchase programs, affordable housing programs, and other credit programs that could cause members to obtain financing from alternative sources. New or modified legislation or regulations could also create alternative funding sources for our members. Some competitors may not be subject to the regulations that apply to us, which may enable those competitors to offer products and terms that we are not able to offer. Additionally, we compete with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as other FHLBanks, to purchase mortgage loans from members or affiliates of members. This competition may reduce the amount of available mortgage loans that we can purchase. We also compete with the U.S. Treasury, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other GSEs, as well as corporate, state, local, sovereign, sub-sovereign, and supranational entities, for funds raised through the issuance of unsecured debt in the U.S. and global capital markets. Increases in the supply of competing debt products, such as an increase in the supply of Treasury securities, could negatively affect the demand for consolidated obligations and result in higher debt costs. Any of these factors could adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank, as well as the value of FHLBank membership. A loss or change of business activities with large members, consolidation of membership, or regulatory changes in membership rules could adversely affect the FHLBNY s financial condition and results of operations. Due to the nature of the FHLBNY s charters, membership is generally limited to federally-insured depository institutions, insurance companies, and community development financial institutions in our district. Given this limitation in membership eligibility, a loss of members or decreased business activities with large members due to withdrawal from membership, acquisition by a non-member, or 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 failure could result in a reduction of our total assets, capital, and net income. Additionally, regulatory changes in our membership eligibility or requirements could affect the business activities, as well as our financial condition and results of operations. We have a high concentration of advances to and capital with large members. As the financial industry continues to consolidate into a smaller number of institutions, this could lead to further concentration of large members in other districts and a related decrease in membership and significant loss of business for us. If advances are concentrated in a smaller number of members, our risk of loss resulting from a single event could become greater. Industry consolidation could also cause us to lose members whose business and stock investments are substantial. Moreover, as nonbank financial institutions that are currently ineligible for our membership continue to play an increasing role in mortgage origination, we could experience a decrease in demand for advances or a decrease in volume of mortgage loans available for purchase from our members, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Natural disasters, including those resulting from significant climate change, could adversely affect the members and business of the FHLBNY. Regions in which the FHLBNY operate are subject to natural disasters, including risks from hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wildfires, drought and other natural disasters. Climate change is increasing the frequency, intensity, and duration of these weather events. These natural disasters, including those resulting from significant climate change, could destroy or damage our facilities or other properties, such as collateral that members have pledged to secure advances or mortgages, disrupt the business of our members, increase the probability of power or other outages, negatively affect the livelihood of borrowers of our members, or otherwise cause significant economic dislocation in the affected regions. Any of these situations may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Credit Risks An increase in credit risk exposure from advances, mortgage loans, or other credit products or FHLBank member failures could adversely affect the FHLBNY s financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. The FHLBNY is exposed to credit risk as part of our normal business operations through funding advances, purchasing mortgage loans, and extending other credit products, such as lines of credit, standby letters of credit, and other commitments. We require advances and other extensions of credit to be fully secured with collateral and require borrowers to pledge additional collateral when deemed necessary. We evaluate the types of collateral pledged by the member and assigns a borrowing capacity to the collateral, based on the risk associated with that type of collateral. If borrowers are unable to pledge additional collateral to fully secure their obligations with us, whether due to significant financial stress, market volatilities, or otherwise, it could cause the advance levels to decrease or credit risk to increase. If we have insufficient collateral before or after an event of default or failure of the member or we are unable to liquidate the collateral for the value assigned to it in the event of a default or failure of a member, we could experience a credit loss. During economic downturns or periods of significant economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties, the number of members exhibiting significant financial stress may increase, which may expose us to additional member credit risk. If a member defaults on its obligations or, in the case of a failed institution, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), or other receiver, fails to either promptly repay all of that failed institution s obligations or assume the outstanding advances, then we may be required to liquidate the collateral pledged by the troubled or failed institution. If the proceeds realized from the liquidation of pledged collateral are not sufficient to fully satisfy the amount of the troubled or failed institution s obligations and the operational cost of liquidating the collateral, we could incur losses. In addition, a default by a member with significant unsecured obligations could result in significant losses. We are also exposed to credit risk from our mortgage loans held in portfolios. While our mortgage loan assets are collateralized by the underlying real estate and may also be credit-enhanced to further mitigate credit risk, natural disasters or a deterioration in economic conditions could result in decline in residential real estate values or increase in unemployment rate. These factors could lead to an escalation of borrower defaults and cause us to incur credit losses on our mortgage loans. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Defaults by one or more institutional counterparties on their obligations to the FHLBNY could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The FHLBNY faces the risk that our institutional counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. The primary exposures to institutional counterparty credit risk are with: Unsecured money market transactions, including federal funds sold, or short-term investments with domestic and foreign counterparties; Derivative counterparties, including Derivative Clearing Organizations and Futures Commission Merchants; Mortgage servicers that service loans purchased under the MAP and MPF Program. 
 A counterparty default could result in losses if our credit exposure to that counterparty was unsecured or under-collateralized, or if a credit obligation associated with derivative positions were overcollateralized. The insolvency or other inability of a significant counterparty to perform its obligations under these transactions or other agreements could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We have both direct and indirect exposure to foreign credit risk through our various counterparties. Adverse economic, political, or other trends that may occur within, across, or among various regions or countries could have direct adverse effects on our institutional counterparties and on the U.S. economy. In turn, we could also experience adverse effects on our ability to meet our obligations given our relationship with these counterparties. In addition, our ability to engage in routine derivatives, funding, and other transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are inter-related as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. As a result, actual and potential defaults of one or more financial services institutions could lead to market-wide disruptions, making it difficult for us to find counterparties for transactions. Financial difficulties at one FHLBank could require the other FHLBanks to make payment of principal and interest on the consolidated obligations issued on that FHLBank s behalf, which could adversely affect the FHLBNY s financial condition and results of operations. Under the FHLBank Act and FHFA regulations, each FHLBank is jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the consolidated obligations issued by the FHLBanks through the Office of Finance. As such, while each FHLBank is primarily liable for its portion of consolidated obligations (i.e., those issued on its behalf), each FHLBank is also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on all consolidated obligations issued by the FHLBanks. Although it has never occurred, the FHFA, at its discretion, may require any FHLBank to make principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation whether or not the consolidated obligation represents a primary liability of that FHLBank. Additionally, if a FHLBank were to default on its obligation to pay principal or interest on any consolidated obligations, the FHFA may allocate the outstanding liabilities of that FHLBank among the remaining FHLBanks on a pro rata basis or on any other basis determined by the FHFA. Accordingly, we could incur significant liability beyond our primary obligations due to the failure of a FHLBank to meet its obligations. This could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity Risks Disruptions in the short-term capital markets or changes to the regulatory environment could have an adverse effect on the FHLBNY s ability to refinance our consolidated obligations or to manage our liquidity positions to meet members needs on acceptable terms. Our ability to operate our business, meet our obligations, and generate net interest income depends primarily on our ability to issue debt continuously to meet member demand and to refinance existing outstanding debt at attractive rates, maturities, and call features when needed. Our source of funds is the sale of consolidated obligations in the capital markets through the Office of Finance. Our ability to obtain funds through the sale of consolidated obligations generally depends on prevailing conditions in the capital markets, and, in particular, our ability to access the short-term capital markets due to our preference for short-term funding. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Access to short-term debt markets has been supported by continued demand as investors, driven by increased liquidity preferences and risk aversion, have sought our short-term debt as an asset of choice. This has led to advantageous funding opportunities and increased utilization of debt maturing in one year or less. There are inherent risks in utilizing short-term funding to support longer-dated assets and we may be exposed to refinancing risk. Refinancing risk includes the risk that we could have difficulty rolling over short-term obligations when market conditions change or investor demand for short-term consolidated obligations declines. In managing and monitoring the amounts of financial assets that require refinancing, we consider our contractual maturities, as well as certain assumptions regarding expected cash flows (i.e., estimated prepayments, embedded call optionality, and scheduled amortizations). The Bank is also exposed to liquidity risk if there is any significant disruption in the short-term debt markets. Without access to the short-term debt markets on acceptable terms, the alternative longer-term funding, if available, would increase funding costs and interest-rate risk exposure and could cause us to increase advance rates, potentially affecting demand for advances. If this disruption is prolonged, we may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms and this could adversely affect our ability to support and continue our operations. As a result, our inability to manage our liquidity position or our contingency liquidity plan to meet our obligations, as well as the credit and liquidity needs of our members, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations as well as the value of our membership. Additionally, changes to the regulatory environment that affect FHLBanks investors and dealers of consolidated obligations, particularly changes related to capital and liquidity requirements and money market fund reforms, have affected, and will continue to affect, the FHLBanks ability to access the capital markets on acceptable terms. For example, the SEC s implementation of money market fund reforms from 2010 to 2016 resulted in a significant increase in demand for U.S. government and agency debt, including the FHLBanks short-term consolidated obligations. The holding of the FHLBanks consolidated obligations by money market funds, as a percentage of the total outstanding consolidated obligations, generally increased as a result of these reforms until recent periods. While demand from this investor class benefited the FHLBanks ability to access short-term funding at attractive costs, this demand could change if money market investor risk and return preferences and money market regulatory requirements shift over time. A decrease in this demand could, due to the FHLBanks concentration in money market investors, lead to significant investor outflows and unfavorable market conditions. Policymakers and regulators in the U.S. have been examining potential policy measures intended to improve the resilience of money market funds and broader short-term funding markets in recent years, including in response to the market stress experienced by short-term funding markets in March 2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, and the SEC proposed additional money market fund reforms in December 2021, designed to improve the resilience and transparency of money market funds. As such, changes in regulatory requirements governing money market funds, including any reversal of prior money market fund reforms, could have a negative effect on FHLBank short term funding costs and adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of the FHLBNY. Operational Risks Failure, breach, or cyber-attack of the information systems of the FHLBNY could disrupt the FHLBNY s business or result in significant losses or reputational damage. The FHLBNY relies heavily on our information systems and technology to conduct and manage our business. A failure, breach, or cyber-attack of these systems or technologies could disrupt and prevent us from conducting and managing our business effectively. Moreover, such failure or breach could result in significant losses, including a loss of data, intellectual property, or confidential information, reputational damage, or other harm. Like many financial institutions, the Bank has seen an increase in cyber-attack attempts. These attempts have predominantly occurred through phishing and social engineering scams. The Bank s operations rely on the availability and functioning of its main office and off-site backup facilities. The Bank devotes substantial resources and deploys detective and preventative measures to secure the Bank s systems, including firewalls, email security, and end-point solutions. These measures and other business continuity measures may be ineffective or insufficient for all eventualities. A failure or interruption in our business continuity, disaster recovery or certain information systems, or a cybersecurity event could significantly harm the Bank s reputation, its customer relations, risk management and profitability, and could result in financial losses, legal and regulatory sanctions, increased costs, or other harm. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Bank may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defense to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, or to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 A failure of the FHLBNY s business and financial models to produce reliable results could adversely affect the Bank s business, financial condition, results of operations, and risk management. The FHLBNY makes significant use of business and financial models for managing, measuring, and monitoring different risks, including interest rate, prepayment, and other market risks, as well as credit risk. We also use models in determining the fair value of financial instruments when independent price quotations are not available or reliable. The information provided by these models is also used in making business decisions relating to strategies, initiatives, risk management, transactions and products, and for financial reporting. Models use assumptions to project future trends and performance, including assumptions that historical data or experience can be relied upon as a basis for forecasting future events, and are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results. Changes in business or financial models or in our underlying assumptions, judgments, or estimates may cause the results generated by the models to be materially different. If the models are not reliable, we could make poor business decisions, including poor asset and liability management decisions, which could result in an adverse financial effect on our business. Furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage the risks associated with the use of models may not be effective. The models used by us to determine the fair values of our assets and liabilities, including derivatives, may differ from the models used by the others. The use of different models or assumptions, as well as changes in market conditions, could result in materially different valuation estimates or other estimates even when similar or identical assets and liabilities are being measured, and could have materially different effects on our net income and retained earnings. Failures of critical vendors and other third parties could disrupt the FHLBNY s ability to conduct and manage our business. The FHLBNY relies on vendors and other third parties, including cloud-based providers to perform certain critical services. The bank owns some of these systems and technology, and third parties own and provide to the Bank some of these systems and technology. A failure or interruption of one or more of those services, including as a result of breaches, cyber-attacks, system malfunctions or failures, or other technological risks, could negatively affect our business operations. If one or more of these key external parties were not able to perform their functions for a period of time, at an acceptable service level, or for increased volumes, we could be constrained, disrupted, or otherwise negatively affected. Failures at the Office of Finance could disrupt the FHLNY s ability to conduct and manage their businesses. The Office of Finance is a joint office of the FHLBanks established to facilitate, among other things, the issuance and servicing of consolidated obligations. Pursuant to FHFA regulations, the Office of Finance, in conjunction with the FHLBanks, has adopted policies and procedures for the purposes of facilitating and approving the issuance and servicing of consolidated obligations. A failure or interruption of the Office of Finance s services, including as a result of breaches, cyber-attacks, system malfunctions or failures, or other technological risks, could negatively affect the business operations of the FHLBNY, including disruptions to our access to funding through the sale of consolidated obligations. Although the Office of Finance has business continuity and security incident response plans in place, our funding and business operations could be constrained, disrupted, or otherwise negatively affected if the Office of Finance were not able to perform its functions for any period of time. Additionally, operational failures at the Office of Finance could also expose the Bank to the risk of a loss of data or confidential information or other harm, including reputational damage. The inability to attract and retain skilled key personnel could adversely affect the business and operations of the FHLBNY. The FHLBNY relies on all its employees to manage our business and conduct our operations. Competition for employees from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial services industry, including the technology industry, continues to be a recruiting and retention challenge for certain positions. These challenges in 2022 stemmed in particular from the COVID-19 pandemic that brought about significant disruptions and changes to the U.S. labor market. As an example, we note that some candidates and employees are attracted to firms that provide for more flexible work arrangements, including the potential to work remotely on a full-time basis. Another retention challenge is the limited number of career paths available due to the relatively low number of employee headcount and our flat organizational structure. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 For succession planning purposes, the FHLBNY has designated certain limited positions as Key Positions positions which, in the judgment of senior management and the Board of Directors, have critical operational or strategic responsibilities. The FHLBNY s Succession Plan is intended to help identify potential temporary replacements for employees who occupy Key Positions in the event of an unplanned vacancy. The Plan is also intended to help identify potential permanent replacements for those employees who occupy Key Positions and provide the Bank with long-term advance notice of their expected retirement. The failure to maintain an effective Succession Plan could adversely affect our business and operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. At December 31, 2022, we occupied approximately 73,294 square feet of leased office space at 101 Park Avenue, New York, New York as the Bank s headquarters, 52,041 square feet of leased office space in Jersey City, New Jersey, principally as an operations center, and 2,521 square feet of leased office space in Washington, D.C. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, the FHLBNY is involved in disputes or regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of business. At the present time, there are no pending claims against the FHLBNY that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the FHLBNY s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or that are otherwise reasonably likely to be material to the FHLBNY. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. All of the capital stock of the FHLBNY, which is issued only at a par value of 100 per share, is owned by our members. Stock may also be held by former members as a result of having been acquired by a non-member institution. We conduct our business in advances and mortgages exclusively with stockholder members and housing associates (1) . There is no established marketplace for FHLBNY stock as FHLBNY stock is not publicly traded. It may be redeemed at par value upon request, subject to regulatory limits. These shares of stock in the FHLBNY are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. At December 31, 2022, we had 327 members who held 63,877,004 shares of capital stock between them. At December 31, 2022, former members held 45,779 shares. At December 31, 2021, we had 332 members who held 45,007,849 shares of capital stock between them. At December 31, 2021, former members held 19,588 shares. Capital stock held by former members is classified as a liability, and deemed to be mandatorily redeemable under the accounting guidance for certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. Our recent quarterly cash dividends are outlined in the table below. No dividends were paid in the form of stock. Dividend payments and earnings retention are subject to be determined by our Board of Directors, at its discretion, and within the regulatory framework promulgated by the Finance Agency. Our Retained Earnings and Dividends Policy outlined in the section titled Retained Earnings and Dividends under Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K provides additional information. Dividends from a calendar quarter s earnings are paid (a) subsequent to the end of that calendar quarter as summarized below. Dividend payments reported below are on Class B Stock, which includes payments to non-members on capital stock reported as mandatorily redeemable capital stock in the Statements of Condition (dollars in thousands): 

2022 2021 2020 Month Paid Amount Dividend Rate Amount Dividend Rate Amount Dividend Rate November 87,272 6.75 51,793 4.40 79,272 5.10 August 64,649 5.50 59,496 4.60 95,491 5.60 May 52,852 4.75 62,154 4.75 85,950 5.90 February 48,820 4.36 70,856 5.00 87,799 6.35 253,593 (b) 244,299 (b) 348,512 (b) 

 (a) The table above reports dividend on a paid basis and includes payments to former members as well as members. Dividends paid to former members were 1.2 million, 0.1 million and 0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . (b) Includes dividends paid to non-members; payments to non-members are classified as interest expense for accounting purposes. Dividends are accrued for former members and recorded as interest expense on mandatorily redeemable capital stock held by former members and is a charge to Net income. Dividends on capital stock held by members are accrued in the period they are declared and therefore not accrued at quarter-end. Dividends are paid in arrears typically in the second month after the quarter end in which the dividend is earned and is a direct charge to retained earnings. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We are exempt from disclosures of unregistered sales of common equity securities or securities issued through the Office of Finance that otherwise would have been required under Item 701 of the SEC s Regulation S-K. By the same no-action letter, we are also exempt from disclosure of securities repurchases by the issuer that otherwise would have been required under Item 703 of Regulation S-K. 

 (1) Housing associates are defined as non-stockholder entities that (i) are approved mortgagees under Title II of the National Housing Act, (ii) are chartered under law and have succession, (iii) are subject to inspection and supervision by a governmental agency, (iv) lend their own funds as their principal activity in the mortgage field, and (v) have a financial condition such that advances may be safely made to that entity. At December 31, 2022, we had 9 housing associates as customers. Advances made to housing associates totaled 4.7 million, and the mortgage loans acquired from housing associates were immaterial in any periods in this report. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements describing the objectives, projections, estimates, or predictions of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York we us, our, the Bank or the FHLBNY may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may use forward-looking terminology, such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, may, should, will, or other variations on these terms or their negatives. The Bank cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks or uncertainties, including the Risk Factors set forth in Part 1, Item 1A and the risks set forth below, and that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. As a result, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the Bank does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement herein. Forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the Bank s projections regarding income, retained earnings, dividend payouts, and the repurchase of excess capital stock; the Bank s statements related to gains and losses on derivatives, future credit and impairment charges, and future classification of securities; the Bank s expectations relating to future balance sheet growth; the LIBOR interest rate transition to other alternatives; the Bank s targets under the Bank s retained earnings plan; the Bank s expectations regarding the size of its mortgage loan portfolio, particularly as compared to prior periods; and the Bank s statements related to reform legislation, including, without limitation, housing or government-sponsored enterprise legislation. 
 Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements for many reasons, including, but not limited to, the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors and the risks set forth below: changes in economic and market conditions, including the evolving risks relating to the current coronavirus pandemic; changes in demand for Bank advances and other products resulting from changes in members deposit flows and credit demands or otherwise; an increase in advance prepayments as a result of changes in interest rates (including negative interest rates) or other factors; the volatility of market prices, rates, and indices that could affect the value of collateral held by the Bank as security for obligations of Bank members and counterparties to interest rate exchange agreements and similar agreements; political events, including legislative developments that affect the Bank, its members, counterparties, and/or investors in the Consolidated obligations COs of the FHLBanks; competitive forces including, without limitation, other sources of funding available to Bank members, other entities borrowing funds in the capital markets, and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; the pace of technological change and the ability of the Bank to develop and support technology and information systems, including the internet, sufficient to manage the risks of the Bank s business effectively; 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 changes in investor demand for COs and/or the terms of interest rate exchange agreements and similar agreements; timing and volume of market activity; ability to introduce new or adequately adapt current Bank products and services and successfully manage the risks associated with those products and services, including new types of collateral used to secure advances; risk of loss arising from litigation filed against one or more of the FHLBanks; realization of losses arising from the Bank s joint and several liability on COs; risk of loss due to fluctuations in the housing market; inflation or deflation; issues and events within the FHLBank System and in the political arena that may lead to legislative, regulatory, judicial, or other developments that may affect the marketability of the COs, the Bank s financial obligations with respect to COs, and the Bank s ability to access the capital markets; the availability of derivative financial instruments of the types and in the quantities needed for risk management purposes from acceptable counterparties; significant business disruptions resulting from natural or other disasters (including, but not limited to, health emergencies such as pandemics or epidemics, acts of war (including, but not limited to, the war between Ukraine and Russia) or terrorism; the effect of new accounting standards, including the development of supporting systems; membership changes, including changes resulting from mergers or changes in the principal place of business of Bank members; the soundness of other financial institutions, including Bank members, nonmember borrowers, other counterparties, and the other FHLBanks; and the willingness of the Bank s members to do business with the Bank whether or not the Bank is paying dividends or repurchasing excess capital stock. 
 Risks and other factors could cause actual results of the Bank to differ materially from those implied by any forward-looking statements. These risk factors are not exhaustive. The Bank operates in changing economic, legislative and regulatory environments, and new risk factors will emerge from time to time. Management cannot predict such new risk factors nor can it assess the impact, if any, of such new risk factors on the business of the Bank or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by any forward-looking statements. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Organization of Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A). This MD A is designed to provide information that will assist the readers in better understanding our financial statements, the changes in key items in our financial statements from year to year, the primary factors driving those changes as well as how accounting principles affect our financial statements. The MD A is organized as follows: 

Page Executive Overview 32 Trends in the Financial Markets 37 Recently Issued Accounting Standards and Interpretations and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 38 Legislative and Regulatory Developments 42 Financial Condition 43 Advances 46 Investments 52 Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio, Net 57 Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations 59 Recent Rating Actions 64 Stockholders Capital 65 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 68 Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt 72 Results of Operations 76 Net Income 76 Net Interest Income, Interest Rate Margins and Interest Rate Spreads 78 Interest Income 82 Interest Expense 85 Analysis of Non-Interest Income (Loss) 86 Operating Expenses, Compensation and Benefits, and Other Expenses 88 Assessments 88 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 MD A TABLE REFERENCE 

T a b l e s D e s cr i p t i o n Page(s) Selected Financial Data 35-37 1.1 M arket Interest Rates 37 2.1 Financial Condition 43 2.2 Overview of LIBOR-indexed Instruments Outstanding 46 3.1 - 3.8 Advances 46 - 51 4.1 - 4.9 Investments 52 - 57 5.1 - 5.3 M ortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio 57 - 59 6.1 - 6.10 Consolidated Obligations 60 - 64 6.11 FHLBNY Ratings 64 7.1 - 7.4 Capital 65 - 67 8.1 - 8.8 Derivatives Instruments and Hedging Activities 68 - 71 9.1 - 9.3 Liquidity 72 - 75 9.4 - 9.5 FHFA MBS Limits and Core M ission Achievement 75 10.1 - 10.11 Results of Operations 76 - 88 11.1 Assessments 88 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Overview This overview of management s discussion and analysis highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to readers of this Form 10-K. For a more complete understanding of events, trends and uncertainties, as well as the liquidity, capital, credit and market risks, and critical accounting estimates, affecting the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (FHLBNY or Bank), this Form 10-K should be read in its entirety. Cooperative business model . As a cooperative, we seek to maintain a balance between our public policy mission and our ability to provide adequate returns on the capital supplied by our members. We achieve this balance by delivering low-cost financing to members to help them meet the credit needs of their communities and by paying a dividend on members capital stock. Our financial strategies are designed to enable us to expand and contract in response to member credit needs. By investing capital in high-quality, short- and medium-term financial instruments, we maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy member demand for short- and long-term funds, repay maturing Consolidated obligations (CO bonds and CO discount notes), and meet other obligations. The dividends we pay are largely the result of earnings on invested member capital, net earnings on advances to members, mortgage loans and investments, offset in part by operating expenses and assessments. Our Board of Directors and Management determine the pricing of member credit and dividend policies based on the needs of our members and the cooperative as well as current and forecasted conditions in the marketplace. Business segment. We manage our operations as a single business segment. Advances to members are our primary focus and the principal factor that impacts our operating results. Demand for Advances continued to grow dramatically in 2022 driven by the current economic environment, as members experience heightened deposit volatility, strong loan growth, and are enhancing liquidity positions. During 2022, the Federal Reserve continued to raise interest rates with multiple rate hikes in an effort to combat inflation and also began to shrink its balance sheet with Quantitative Tightening. In addition, markets are experiencing increased volatility from government actions and geopolitical conflicts, such as the war between Ukraine and Russia. Continued market and economic uncertainties, including rising consumer prices, the level and volatility of interest rates and credit spreads may continue in 2023. In January 2023, the United States reached its statutory debt limit and, since then, the U.S. Treasury has been taking extraordinary measures to prevent the United States from defaulting on its obligations. The failure by the U.S. government to adequately address its statutory debt limit in a timely manner, or continued uncertainty relating to the debt limit, could result in downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit rating or outlook and cause significant harm to the U.S. economy and global financial stability. In addition, because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the credit ratings of the FHLBank System, the FHLBanks, and consolidated obligations are directly influenced by the sovereign credit rating of the United States. Future downgrades in credit ratings or outlook may result in higher funding costs, higher volatilities, or other disruptions in the FHLBanks access to capital markets. COVID-19 and Business Continuity . We have continually monitored key COVID-19 metrics, including positive test percentages, overall new case numbers and hospital capacity, to help guide our decision-making since the onset of the pandemic in March 2020. We returned to the office on February 28, 2022 on a hybrid basis. Finance Agency s Review and Analysis of the Federal Home Loan Bank System (FHLBank System). On July 20, 2022, FHFA Director Sandra L. Thompson provided testimony to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services, indicating that the FHFA would conduct a review and analysis of the FHLBank System. As part of its review and analysis, the FHFA has held a series of public listening sessions and regional roundtable discussions and has requested written comments from stakeholders. The review has been examining matters covering such areas as the FHLBanks adequate fulfillment of their mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; their role in addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. The Bank anticipates that the FHFA s review and analysis will culminate in a written report. The report could involve recommendations for changes that are then implemented by statute, regulation or supervisory action, and the impact of such changes could potentially be significant to the Bank s business model and operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 2022 Financial Results Net income Net income for 2022 was 417.4 million, an increase of 151.9 million, or 57.2 percent, from net income of 265.5 million for 2021. Our Net income is primarily driven by Net interest income, which is the spread between yields earned on advances, mortgage-backed securities, and other investments and the costing yields on debt. Net Interest Income Net interest income for 2022 was 633.7 million, an increase of 93.1 million, or 17.2 percent, from 540.6 million for 2021. This increase was primarily attributed to an increase of 3.1 billion in average earning assets balances in 2022 compared with 2021, including an increase of 1.9 billion in average advances balances to 82.7 billion at December 31, 2022 up from 80.8 billion at December 31, 2021. In 2022, overnight and short-term investments in the federal funds and the overnight repurchase agreements benefited from rising yields for money market investments. While funding costs were also higher in line with the rising rate environment, cost of funding continued to benefit from favorable investor demand for Consolidated obligation short-term and floating-rate bonds. Net interest spread decreased to 39 basis points in 2022 compared to 43 basis points for 2021. Return on average equity (ROE) for 2022 was 6.12 percent, compared to ROE of 3.89 percent for 2021. Other income (loss) Other income (loss) increased by 76.5 million, reporting a gain of 29.0 million in 2022 compared to a loss of 47.4 million in 2021. Primary drivers are summarized below: Financial instruments carried at fair values In 2022, FVO instruments reported valuation gains of 207.0 million. In 2021, FVO instruments reported fair value gains of 22.5 million. Derivative activities reported a net increase to income in Other income of 182.0 million in 2022, compared to net income of 4.4 million in 2021. The gains included net fair value gains of 153.4 million in 2022 on Interest rate swaps in economic hedges and hedges of instruments designated under the Fair Value Option compared to net fair value gains of 65.7 million in 2021 on these instruments. The fair value gains on Interest rate swaps in economic hedges largely offset the marked-to-market valuation of the portfolio of U.S. Treasury securities held for liquidity. Swap interest accruals on standalone swaps reported net income of 29.7 million in 2022, compared to charges of 61.0 million in 2021. U.S. Treasury Securities held for liquidity (classified as trading) reported marked-to-market losses of 364.0 million and 101.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The marked-to-market volatility was largely offset by fair value changes on the standalone interest rate swaps in economic hedges of the fixed-rate treasury securities. Equity Investments, held to finance payments to retirees in a non-qualified pension plan, reported net losses of 15.4 million compared to net gains of 9.8 million in 2021. 
 Other expenses were 199.1 million in 2022 compared to 203.7 million in 2021. Other expenses are primarily Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, and our share of expenses of the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Affordable Housing Program Assessments (AHP) allocated from Net income were 46.5 million in 2022 compared to 29.5 million in 2021. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and changes in allocations were parallel with changes in Net income. Dividend payments Four quarterly cash dividends were paid in 2022 for a total of 5.34 per share of capital, compared to a total of 4.69 per share of capital in 2021. Financial Condition December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 Our financial condition is characterized by a solid balance sheet and ample liquidity readily available for our member institutions. Total assets increased to 157.4 billion at December 31, 2022 from 105.4 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 52.0 billion, or 49.4 . As of December 31, 2022, advances were 115.3 billion, an increase of 43.8 billion, or 61.2 , from 71.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Cash at banks was 27.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 21.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity investments Money market investments at December 31, 2022 were 9.5 billion in federal funds sold and 4.2 billion in overnight resale agreements. At December 31, 2021, money market investments were 7.2 billion in federal funds sold and 1.2 billion in overnight resale agreements. Money market investments also included interest-bearing deposits at highly rated financial institutions. Balances were 1.8 billion and 675.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For liquidity, we maintain a portfolio of U.S. Treasury securities designated as trading to meet short-term contingency liquidity needs. Balances were 7.1 billion and 5.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our liquidity position remains strong, and in compliance with all regulatory requirements, and we do not foresee any changes to that position. In addition to the liquidity trading portfolio and assets discussed above, liquid assets included 6.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 5.5 billion at December 31, 2021 of high credit quality GSE-issued available-for-sale securities that are investment quality and readily marketable. The Finance Agency issued a Liquidity Advisory Bulletin in 2018 that defined liquidity levels to be maintained within certain ranges. We also have other liquidity measures in place, such as deposit liquidity and operational liquidity, and other liquidity buffers. We remain in compliance with the Advisory Bulletin and all liquidity regulations. For more information about the Advisory Bulletin and our liquidity measures, see section Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt, and Table 9.1 through Table 9.5 in this MD A. Advances Par balances increased steadily during the year to 116.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 71.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Short-term fixed-rate advances increased by 115.2 to 24.7 billion at December 31, 2022, up from 11.5 billion at December 31, 2021. ARC advances, which are adjustable-rate borrowings, increased by 235.6 to 25.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Given that advances are always well collateralized, a provision for credit loss was not necessary. We have no history of credit losses on advances. Long-term investment debt securities Long-term investment debt securities are designated as available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity (HTM). Our investment profile consists almost exclusively of GSE and Agency-issued (GSE-issued) securities. In the AFS portfolio, long-term investments of floating-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 462.1 million and 589.5 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Fixed-rate long-term investments in the AFS portfolio, comprised of fixed-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities, were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 5.5 billion and 5.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as AFS securities at 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.0 billion at December 31, 2021. In the HTM portfolio, long-term investments were predominantly GSE-issued fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities and a portfolio of housing finance agency bonds. Securities in the HTM portfolio are recorded at amortized cost, adjusted for credit and non-credit losses from the application of pre-ASU 2016-13 credit loss standards (formerly referred to as OTTI), and, beginning January 1, 2020, adjusted for allowances for credit losses under the new framework. Fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities in the HTM portfolio were 9.2 billion and 9.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. No allowance for credit losses were deemed necessary for GSE-issued investments. Allowance for credit losses was 0.2 million on private-label MBS at December 31, 2022, slightly lower than the balance at December 31, 2021. In the HTM portfolio, State and local housing finance agency obligations were 0.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Allowance for credit losses on State and local housing finance agency obligations in HTM portfolio was 0.1 million at December 31, 2022, slightly lower than the balance at December 31, 2021. Equity Investments We own a grantor trust that invests in highly-liquid registered mutual funds. Funds are classified as Equity Investments and were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 81.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 96.1 million at December 31, 2021. Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Mortgage loans were investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF) loans and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP) loans. As of March 31, 2021, the MAP mortgage loan program became our only active mortgage loan purchase program as we ceased to acquire mortgage loans through MPF. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Unpaid principal balance of MPF loans stood at 1.9 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.3 billion from the balance at December 31, 2021. Unpaid principal balance of MAP loans stood at 221.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 156.7 million at December 31, 2021. Historically, credit performance has been strong in the MPF and MAP portfolio and delinquencies have been low. Residential collateral values have remained stable in the New York and New Jersey sectors, the primary geographic concentration for our MPF and MAP portfolio, and historical loss experience remains very low. Serious delinquencies (typically 90 days or more) at December 31, 2022, were lower than December 31, 2021. Allowance for credit losses decreased to 1.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.1 million at December 31, 2021. Capital ratios Our capital position remains strong. At December 31, 2022, actual risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, compared to required risk-based capital of 749.5 million. To support 157.4 billion of total assets at December 31, 2022, the minimum required total capital was 6.3 billion or 4.0 of assets. Our actual regulatory risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, exceeding required total capital by 2.2 billion. These ratios have remained consistently above the required regulatory ratios through all periods in this report. Leverage At December 31, 2022 balance sheet leverage (based on U.S. GAAP) was 18.9 times shareholders equity. Balance sheet leverage has generally remained steady over the last several years, although from time to time we have maintained excess liquidity in highly liquid investments, or cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) to meet unexpected member demand for funds. Selected Financial Data. 

Statements of Condition Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Investments (a) 39,103 30,898 39,748 56,892 35,741 Advances 115,293 71,536 92,067 100,695 105,179 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses (b) 2,107 2,320 2,900 3,173 2,927 Total assets 157,391 105,358 136,996 162,062 144,381 Deposits and borrowings 1,027 1,321 1,753 1,194 1,063 Consolidated obligations, net Bonds 85,498 54,829 69,716 78,764 84,154 Discount notes 61,793 42,197 57,659 73,959 50,640 Total consolidated obligations 147,291 97,026 127,375 152,723 134,794 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 5 2 3 5 6 AHP liability 131 138 149 154 162 Capital Capital stock 6,387 4,501 5,367 5,779 6,066 Retained earnings Unrestricted 1,185 1,104 1,135 1,116 1,103 Restricted 911 827 774 685 591 Total retained earnings 2,096 1,931 1,909 1,801 1,694 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (136) 14 (20) (48) (13) Total capital 8,347 6,446 7,256 7,532 7,747 Equity to asset ratio (c) 5.30 6.12 5.30 4.65 5.37 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Statements of Condition Years ended December 31, Averages (See note below; dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Investments (a) 36,531 35,959 45,150 45,725 43,370 Advances 82,747 80,795 109,117 95,838 107,971 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses 2,188 2,562 3,123 3,008 2,899 Total assets 123,207 120,488 158,811 145,506 154,795 Interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings 1,038 1,427 1,442 1,131 1,032 Consolidated obligations, net Bonds 64,763 65,402 73,097 77,671 93,529 Discount notes 48,685 45,425 74,759 58,318 51,657 Total consolidated obligations 113,448 110,827 147,856 135,989 145,186 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 23 2 4 6 14 AHP liability 131 148 155 159 147 Capital Capital stock 4,969 4,896 6,129 5,545 6,166 Retained earnings Unrestricted 1,113 1,114 1,119 1,091 1,076 Restricted 858 801 728 636 532 Total retained earnings 1,971 1,915 1,847 1,727 1,608 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (118) 20 (67) (36) 16 Total capital 6,822 6,831 7,909 7,236 7,790 Note Average balance calculation. For most components of the average balances, a daily weighted average balance is calculated for the period. When daily weighted average balance information is not available, a simple monthly average balance is calculated. Operating Results and Other Data Years ended December 31, (dollars in millions, except earnings and dividends per share, and headcount) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income 417 266 442 473 560 Net interest income (d) 634 541 753 667 797 Dividends paid in cash (e) 252 244 348 366 417 AHP expense 46 29 49 52 62 Return on average equity (f)(i) 6.12 3.89 5.59 6.53 7.20 Return on average assets (i) 0.34 0.22 0.28 0.32 0.36 Net OTTI impairment losses (1) Other non-interest income (loss) 29 (48) (51) 35 (24) Total other income (loss) 29 (48) (51) 34 (24) Operating expenses (g) 169 166 170 151 127 Finance Agency and Office of Finance expenses 21 22 19 17 16 Total other expenses (j) 200 204 207 176 151 Operating expenses ratio (h)(i) 0.14 0.14 0.11 0.10 0.08 Earnings per share 8.40 5.42 7.22 8.52 9.09 Dividends per share 5.34 4.69 5.74 6.49 6.66 Headcount (Full/part time) (k) 327 340 354 342 314 

 (a) Investments include trading securities, available-for-sale securities, held-to-maturity securities, grantor trust owned by the FHLBNY, securities purchased under agreements to resell, federal funds, loans to other FHLBanks, and other interest-bearing deposits. (b) Allowances for credit losses were 1.9 million, 2.1 million, 7.1 million, 0.7 million and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. (c) Equity to asset ratio is Capital stock plus Retained earnings and Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a percentage of Total assets. (d) Net interest income is net interest income before the provision for credit losses on mortgage loans. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 (e) Excludes dividends accrued to non-members classified as interest expense under the accounting standards for certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. (f) Return on average equity is Net income as a percentage of average Capital Stock plus average retained earnings and average Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). (g) Operating expenses include Compensation and Benefits. (h) Operating expenses as a percentage of Total average assets. (i) All percentage calculations are performed using amounts in thousands and may not agree if calculations are performed using amounts in millions. (j) Includes Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, Finance Agency and Office of Finance expenses and Other expenses. (k) Head count at December 31, 2022 has decreased compared to December 31, 2021 as management eliminated certain open positions in an effort to manage expenses. 
 Trends in the Financial Markets Conditions in Financial Markets . The primary external factors that affect net interest income are market interest rates and the general state of the economy. The following table presents changes in key rates over the course of 2022 and 2021 (rates in percent): Table 1.1 Market Interest Rates 

December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Average Average Ending Rate Ending Rate Federal Funds Target Rate 1.88 0.25 4.50 0.25 Federal Funds Effective Rate (a) 1.68 0.08 4.33 0.07 1-Month LIBOR 1.92 0.10 4.39 0.10 3-Month LIBOR 2.40 0.16 4.77 0.21 2-Year U.S.Treasury 2.99 0.26 4.43 0.73 5-Year U.S.Treasury 3.00 0.85 4.00 1.26 10-Year U.S.Treasury 2.95 1.44 3.87 1.51 15-Year Residential Mortgage Note Rate 4.85 2.41 5.98 2.54 30-Year Residential Mortgage Note Rate 5.59 3.09 6.66 3.27 

 (a) Source: Board of Governors Federal Reserve System; all other sources are Bloomberg L.P. During the year, the market rates continued to rise as the Federal Reserve initiated multiple rate hikes in an effort to combat inflation. In addition, the Federal Reserve decreased its holding of Treasuries and MBS securities in 2023. Impact of general level of interest rates on the FHLBNY. The level of interest rates impacts our profitability, due primarily to the relatively shorter-term structure of earning assets and the impact of interest rates on invested capital. We invest in Federal funds sold and repurchase agreements that typically are overnight investments. We also use derivatives to effectively change the repricing characteristics of a significant proportion of our advances and Consolidated obligation debt to match shorter-term benchmark interest rates or overnight indices (LIBOR, Federal funds effective rate and SOFR) that reprice at intervals of three month or as frequently as daily. Consequently, the current level of short-term interest rates, as represented by the overnight Federal funds target rate, the overnight SOFR, and the 3-month LIBOR rate, has an impact on profitability. The level of interest rates also directly affects our earnings on invested capital. Compared to other banking institutions, we operate at comparatively low net spreads between the yield we earn on assets and the cost of our liabilities. Therefore, we generate a relatively higher proportion of our income from the investment of member-supplied capital at the average asset yield. As a result, changes in asset yields tend to have a greater effect on our profitability than they do on the profitability of other banking institutions. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 In summary, our average asset yields and the returns on capital invested in these assets largely reflect the short-term interest rate environment because the maturities of our assets are generally short-term in nature, have rate resets that reference short-term rates, or have been hedged with derivatives in which a short-term or overnight rate is received. Changes in rates paid on Consolidated obligations and the spread of these rates relative to LIBOR, SOFR, and the Federal funds rate or to U.S. Treasury securities may also impact profitability. The rates and prices at which we are able to issue Consolidated obligations, and their relationship to other products such as Treasury securities, change frequently and are affected by a multitude of factors including: overall economic conditions; volatility of market prices, rates, and indices; the level of interest rates and shape of the Treasury curve; the level of asset swap rates and shape of the swap curve; supply from other issuers (including GSEs such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, supra/sovereigns, and other highly-rated borrowers); the rate and price of other products in the market such as mortgage-backed securities, repurchase agreements, and commercial paper; investor preferences; the total volume, timing, and characteristics of issuance by the FHLBanks; the amount and type of advance demand from our members; political events, including legislation and regulatory action; press interpretations of market conditions and issuer news; the presence of inflation or deflation; and actions by the Federal Reserve. Recently Issued Accounting Standards and Interpretations and Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and interpretations, see financial statements, Note 2. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Standards Issued. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We have identified certain accounting policies that we believe are critical because they require management to make subjective judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or by using different assumptions. These policies include estimating fair values of certain assets and liabilities, evaluating the impairment of our securities portfolios, estimating the allowance for credit losses on the advance and mortgage loan portfolios, and accounting for derivatives and hedging activities. We have discussed each of these critical accounting policies, the related estimates, and its judgment with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Refer to Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this Form 10-K. Fair Value Measurements The accounting standards on fair value measurements discuss how entities should measure fair value based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability between market participants at the measurement date. This definition is based on an exit price rather than transaction or entry price. The FHLBNY complied with the accounting guidance on fair value measurements and has established a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and would be based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the parameters market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and would be based on the best information available in the circumstances. Our pricing models are subject to periodic validations, and we periodically review and refine, as appropriate, our assumptions and valuation methodologies to reflect market indications as closely as possible. We have the appropriate personnel, technology, and policies and procedures in place to value financial instruments in a reasonable and consistent manner and in accordance with established accounting policies. Valuation of Financial Instruments The following assets and liabilities, including those for which the FHLBNY has elected the fair value option, were carried at fair value on the Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022: Fair values of derivative instruments Derivatives are valued using internal valuation techniques as no quoted market prices exist for such instruments, and we employ industry standard option adjusted valuation models that generate fair values of interest rate derivatives. We have classified derivatives as Level 2. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Fair values of instruments elected under the Fair Value Option When the FHLBNY elects the FVO, the election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis on Consolidated obligation debt and advances, which are fair valued using the Bank s industry standard option adjusted models. We have classified instruments elected under the FVO as Level 2. Fair values of available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities We request prices for all mortgage-backed securities from third-party vendors. Typically, fair values are classified as Level 2. Fair values of available-for-sale Housing finance agency bonds We request pricing information from pricing services. Due to the current lack of significant market activity, their fair values are classified as level 3. Trading Securities The FHLBNY classifies trading securities as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy when we use quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of trading securities, such as U.S. Government and GSE securities. We classify trading securities as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy when we use quoted market prices in less active markets to determine the fair value of trading securities. 
 Equity Investments The FHLBNY has a grantor trust, which invests in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available, and investments are redeemable at short notice. Because of the highly liquid nature of the investments at their NAVs, they are categorized as Level 1 financial instruments under the valuation hierarchy. Provision for Credit Losses The FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326 ), which became effective for the Bank as of January 1, 2020. The adoption of this guidance established a single allowance framework for all financial assets carried at amortized cost, including advances, loans, held-to-maturity securities, other receivables and certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. For available-for-sale securities where fair value is less than cost, credit related impairment, if any, will be recognized in an allowance for credit losses and adjusted each period for changes in expected credit risk. This framework requires that management s estimate reflects credit losses over the full remaining expected life and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions. We have established controls and validation processes over models pertaining to expected losses, including policies and control procedures. The expected loss framework was applied to develop credit loss provisions in 2022. For an understanding of credit loss methodologies under ASU 2016-13 in 2020 and incurred loss methodologies applied in prior years, see financial statements and notes thereto: Note 8. Held-to-Maturity Securities, Note 9. Advances, and Note 10. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio. In 2022, net reversals of 193.5 thousand were recorded through earnings on mortgage loans, and net reversals of 32.4 thousand on certain held-to-maturity securities. No provisions for credit losses on advances were necessary in 2022, and no provision has been necessary in the history of the advance program. Determining the amount of the provision for credit losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because management s evaluation of the adequacy of the provision is subjective and requires significant estimates, including the amounts and timing of estimated future cash flows, estimated losses based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends, all of which are susceptible to change. These assumptions and judgments on our provision for credit losses are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements. Actual losses could differ from these estimates. Advances We have policies and procedures in place to manage our credit risk effectively. Outlined below are the underlying factors that we use for evaluating our exposure to credit loss. Monitoring the creditworthiness and financial condition of the institutions to which we lend funds. Reviewing the quality and value of collateral pledged by members. Estimating borrowing capacity based on collateral value and type for each member, including assessment of margin requirements based on factors such as cost to liquidate, and inherent risk exposure based on collateral type. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluating historical loss experience. 
 We are required by Finance Agency regulations to obtain sufficient collateral on advances to protect against losses, and to accept only certain kinds of collateral on our advances, such as U.S. government or government-agency securities, residential mortgage loans, deposits, and other real estate-related assets. We have never experienced a credit loss on an advance. Based on the collateral held as security for advances, management s credit analyses, and prior repayment history, no allowance for credit losses on advances was deemed necessary by management at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. During the periods in this report, we had the rights to collateral, either loans or securities, on a member-by-member basis, with an estimated liquidation value in excess of outstanding advances. Significant changes to any of the factors described above could materially affect our provision for losses on advances. For example, our current assumptions about the financial strength of any member may change due to various circumstances, such as new information becoming available regarding the member s financial strength or future changes in the national or regional economy. New information may require us to place a member on credit watch and require collateral to be delivered, adjust our current margin requirement, or provide for losses on advances. For additional discussion regarding underwriting standards, including collateral held to support advances, see Tables 3.3 and 3.4 and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Mortgage Loans MPF and MAP Programs . We have policies and procedures in place to manage our credit risk effectively. The standards included: Evaluation of members to ensure that they meet the eligibility standards for participation in the MPF Program. Evaluation of the purchased and originated loans to ensure that they are qualifying conventional, conforming fixed-rate, first lien mortgage loans with fully amortizing loan terms of up to 30 years, secured by owner-occupied, single-family residential properties. Estimation of loss exposure and historical loss experience to establish an adequate level of loss reserves. 
 We assign a non-accrual status to a mortgage loan when the collection of the contractual principal or interest is doubtful or is 90 days or more past due. When a mortgage loan is placed on non-accrual status, accrued but uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. For additional discussion regarding underwriting standards, allowances for credit losses and credit quality metrics, see financial statements, Note 10. Mortgage Loans Held-for-portfolio. Also, see Tables 5.1 to 5.3 and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Derivatives and Hedging Activities We enter into derivatives primarily to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates. Through the use of derivatives, we may adjust the effective maturity, repricing frequency, or option characteristics of financial instruments to achieve our risk management objectives. The accounting guidance related to derivatives and hedging activities is complex and contains prescriptive documentation requirements. At the inception of each hedge transaction, we formally document the hedge relationship, its risk management objective, and strategy for undertaking the hedge. In compliance with accounting standards, primarily ASC 815, the accounting for derivatives requires us to make the following assumptions and estimates: (i) assessing whether the hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting, (ii) assessing whether an embedded derivative should be bifurcated, (iii) calculating the effectiveness of the hedging relationship, (iv) evaluating exposure associated with counterparty credit risk, and (v) estimating the fair value of the derivatives. Our assumptions and judgments include subjective estimates based on information available as of the date of the financial statements and could be materially different based on different assumptions, calculations, and estimates. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We record and report our hedging activities in accordance with ASC 815. All derivatives are recorded on the statements of condition at their fair values. Changes in the fair value of all derivatives, excluding those designated as cash flow hedges, are recorded in current period earnings, while changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI) until earnings are affected by the variability of the cash flows of the hedged transaction. If our hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting, also known as economic hedges, then the changes in the fair value of the derivatives in the economic hedge would be recorded in earnings, without an offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item. As a result, economic hedges have the potential to cause significant volatility on our results of operations. If hedges qualify under a qualifying ASC 815 hedge, we may use two approaches to hedge accounting: short-cut hedge accounting and long-haul hedge accounting. A short-cut hedging relationship assumes no ineffectiveness and implies that the hedge between an interest-rate swap and an interest-bearing financial instrument is perfectly correlated. Therefore, it is assumed that changes in the fair value of the interest-rate swap and the interest-bearing financial instrument will perfectly offset one another; therefore, no ineffectiveness is recorded in earnings or OCI. To qualify for short-cut accounting treatment, a number of restrictive conditions must be met. A long-haul hedging relationship requires us to assess, retrospectively and prospectively, on at least a quarterly basis, whether the derivative and hedged item have been and are expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. We perform a prospective analysis based on a quantitative method at the inception of the hedge, and subsequently each quarter, we also perform retrospective hedge effectiveness analysis using regression to support our assertion that a hedge was and will remain effective. If the hedge fails the effectiveness test any time during its life, the hedge relationship no longer qualifies for hedge accounting and the derivative is marked to fair value through current period earnings without any offsetting changes in fair value related to the hedged item. For more information about policies for our derivatives and hedging activities, see financial statements, Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Legislative and Regulatory Developments Significant regulatory actions and developments for the period covered by this Report are summarized below. Proposed SEC Rule on Climate-related Disclosures . On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed a new rule that would require the Bank to make specific climate-related disclosures in its periodic reports. The proposed rule would require the Bank to account for and disclose certain direct, indirect and third-party greenhouse gas emissions, provide additional disclosures of material impact of climate-change risks on its strategy, business model and outlook, disclose climate-event impacts, discuss board and management governance and oversight of climate-related risks, climate-change risk management framework considering both physical and transitional risks, and plans to reduce such risks, and provide and discuss climate-related financial impact metrics and expenditure metrics. The Bank is unable to predict when a rule will be finalized and the extent to which a final rule will apply or deviate from the proposal. Should the rule become final in its current form, the Bank anticipates a significant increase in its compliance costs given the complexity of these prospective obligations. Finance Agency s Review and Analysis of the Federal Home Loan Bank System (FHLBank System). On July 20, 2022, FHFA Director Sandra L. Thompson provided testimony to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services, indicating that the FHFA would conduct a review and analysis of the FHLBank System. As part of its review and analysis, the FHFA has held a series of public listening sessions and regional roundtable discussions and has requested written comments from stakeholders. The review has been examining matters covering such areas as the FHLBanks adequate fulfillment of their mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; their role in addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. The Bank anticipates that the FHFA s review and analysis will culminate in a written report. The report could involve recommendations for changes that are then implemented by statute, regulation or supervisory action, and the impact of such changes could potentially be significant to the FHLBanks business model and operations. Amendment to FINRA Rule 4210: Margining of Covered Agency Transactions. On February 24, 2023, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) filed a proposed rule change with the SEC, with immediate effect, further extending the implementation date from April 24, 2023 to October 25, 2023 of the margining requirements set by FINRA Rule 4210 dated July 29, 2022, for covered agency transactions. Once the margining requirements are effective, the Bank may be required to collateralize transactions that are covered agency transactions, which include to be announced transactions (TBAs).The Bank does not expect this rule to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. Final Rule Implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act . On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors adopted a final rule that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022. The rule, which went into effect on February 27, 2023, establishes benchmark replacement rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) for certain contracts, to apply following the first London banking day after June 30, 2023 (the LIBOR replacement date ). Generally, the rule provides that Board-selected benchmark replacements will apply by operation of law to contracts governed by U.S. law which have the following characteristics: (a) contain no fallback provisions; (b) contain fallback provisions but fail to specify either the fallback rate or the party that can determine the fallback rate; or (c) contain a fallback provision that identifies the party that can determine the fallback rate, but the determining party has failed to do so before (i) the LIBOR replacement date or (ii) the latest date to select a benchmark replacement according to the contract terms. For FHLBank advances that have any of the above characteristics, the final rule sets the replacement benchmark rate as the Fallback Rate (SOFR) in the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol, For any other FHLBank contract with the above characteristics, references to overnight LIBOR would be replaced with SOFR and one-, three-, six, or 12-month LIBOR will be replaced with 30-day Average SOFR, in each case plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment specified in the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act. The Bank does not expect this rule to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Condition Table 2.1 Statements of Condition Period-Over-Period Comparison 

Net change in Net change in (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 dollar amount percentage Assets Cash and due from banks 27,420 21,653 5,767 26.63 Interest-bearing deposits 1,750,000 675,000 1,075,000 159.26 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 4,245,000 1,200,000 3,045,000 253.75 Federal funds sold 9,470,000 7,230,000 2,240,000 30.98 Trading securities 7,113,419 5,821,380 1,292,039 22.19 Equity Investments 81,754 96,124 (14,370) (14.95) Available-for-sale securities 7,088,870 6,547,421 541,449 8.27 Held-to-maturity securities 9,354,048 9,328,665 25,383 0.27 Advances 115,292,876 71,536,402 43,756,474 61.17 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,106,969 2,319,864 (212,895) (9.18) Accrued interest receivable 437,823 123,258 314,565 255.21 Premises, software, and equipment 77,710 83,815 (6,105) (7.28) Operating lease right-of-use assets 60,338 65,624 (5,286) (8.05) Derivative assets 163,921 297,504 (133,583) (44.90) Other assets 121,341 11,632 109,709 943.17 Total assets 157,391,489 105,358,342 52,033,147 49.39 Liabilities Deposits Interest-bearing demand 1,015,991 1,283,072 (267,081) (20.82) Non-interest-bearing demand 10,946 38,166 (27,220) (71.32) Total deposits 1,026,937 1,321,238 (294,301) (22.27) Consolidated obligations Bonds 85,497,755 54,829,401 30,668,354 55.93 Discount notes 61,792,989 42,197,259 19,595,730 46.44 Total consolidated obligations 147,290,744 97,026,660 50,264,084 51.80 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 4,578 1,959 2,619 133.69 Accrued interest payable 370,456 126,990 243,466 191.72 Affordable Housing Program 131,394 137,638 (6,244) (4.54) Derivative liabilities 15,333 36,512 (21,179) (58.01) Other liabilities 131,360 182,466 (51,106) (28.01) Operating lease liabilities 73,304 79,026 (5,722) (7.24) Total liabilities 149,044,106 98,912,489 50,131,617 50.68 Capital 8,347,383 6,445,853 1,901,530 29.50 Total liabilities and capital 157,391,489 105,358,342 52,033,147 49.39 Balance Sheet overview December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Total assets increased to 157.4 billion at December 31, 2022 from 105.4 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 52.0 billion, or 49.4 . Cash at banks was 27.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 21.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Money market investments at December 31, 2022 were 9.5 billion in federal funds sold and 4.2 billion in overnight resale agreements. At December 31, 2021, money market investments were 7.2 billion in federal funds sold and 1.2 billion in overnight resale agreements. Federal funds sold averaged 11.6 billion and 11.2 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Resale agreements averaged 74.0 million and 620.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Money market investments also included interest-bearing deposits at highly rated financial institutions. Balances were 1.8 billion and 675.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Advances Par balances increased steadily during the year to 116.9 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 71.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Short-term fixed-rate advances increased by 115.2 to 24.7 billion at December 31, 2022, up from 11.5 billion at December 31, 2021. ARC advances, which are adjustable-rate borrowings, increased by 235.6 to 25.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Long-term investment debt securities Long-term investment debt securities are designated as available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity (HTM). Our investment profile consists almost exclusively of GSE and Agency issued (GSE-issued) securities. In the AFS portfolio, long-term investments of floating-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 462.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 589.5 million at December 31, 2021. Fixed-rate long-term investments in the AFS portfolio, comprised of fixed-rate GSE-issued mortgage-backed securities, were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 5.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 5.0 billion at December 31, 2021. We acquired 1.6 billion (par) of fixed-rate GSE-issued MBS in 2022. State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as AFS securities at 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.0 billion at December 31, 2021. In the HTM portfolio, long-term investments were predominantly GSE-issued fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities and a small portfolio of housing finance agency bonds. Securities in the HTM portfolio are recorded at amortized cost, adjusted for credit and non-credit losses from the application of pre-ASU 2016-13 credit loss standards (formerly referred to as OTTI), and, beginning January 1, 2020, adjusted for allowances for credit losses under the new framework. Fixed- and floating-rate mortgage-backed securities in the HTM portfolio were 9.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 9.1 billion at December 31, 2021. We acquired 1.6 billion (par) of fixed-rate GSE-issued MBS in 2022. State and local housing finance agency obligations, primarily New York and New Jersey, were carried as HTM securities at 0.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Trading securities (liquidity portfolio) The objective of the trading portfolio is to meet short-term contingency liquidity needs. During the current year period, we continued to invest in highly liquid U.S. Treasury securities. Trading investments are carried at fair value, with changes recorded through earnings. At December 31, 2022, trading investments were 7.1 billion in U.S. Treasury securities. At December 31, 2021, trading investments were 5.8 billion in U.S. Treasury securities. We will periodically evaluate our liquidity needs and may add to or dispose these liquidity investments as deemed prudent based on liquidity and market conditions. The Finance Agency prohibits speculative trading practices but allows permitted securities to be deemed held for liquidity if invested in a trading portfolio. Equity Investments We own a grantor trust that invests in highly-liquid registered mutual funds. Funds are classified as Equity Investments and were carried on the balance sheet at fair values of 81.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 96.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Mortgage loans were investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance loans (MPF or MPF Program) and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP). Unpaid principal balance of MPF loans stood at 1.9 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.3 billion from the balance at December 31, 2021. Loans are primarily fixed-rate, single-family mortgages acquired through the MPF Program. Unpaid principal balance of MAP loans stood at 221.1 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 64.3 million from the balance at December 31, 2021. Paydowns for the total portfolio for twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 285.2 million compared to 775.5 million for the same period in 2021. Acquisitions for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 79.2 million compared to 204.4 million for the same period in 2021. Historically, credit performance has been strong and delinquency low. Loan origination by members and acceptable pricing are key factors that drive acquisitions. With increasing interest rates, refinancing and home sales are declining, fewer MAP eligible loans are available for purchases from the members. Residential collateral values have remained stable in the New York and New Jersey sectors, the primary geographic concentration for our MPF portfolio, and historical loss experience remains very low. Serious delinquencies (typically 90 days or more) at December 31, 2022 were lower than December 31, 2021. Allowance for credit losses decreased to 1.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.1 million at December 31, 2021. Capital ratios Our capital position remains strong. At December 31, 2022, actual risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, compared to required risk-based capital of 749.5 million. To support 157.4 billion of total assets at December 31, 2022, the minimum required total capital was 6.3 billion or 4.0 of assets. Our actual regulatory risk-based capital was 8.5 billion, exceeding required total capital by 2.2 billion. These ratios have remained consistently above the required regulatory ratios through all periods in this report. For more information, see financial statements, Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings. Leverage At December 31, 2022, balance sheet leverage (based on U.S. GAAP) was 18.9 times shareholders equity. Balance sheet leverage has generally remained steady over the last several years, although from time to time we have maintained excess liquidity in highly liquid investments, or cash balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) to meet unexpected member demand for funds. Increases or decreases in investments have a direct impact on leverage, but generally growth in or shrinkage of advances does not significantly impact balance sheet leverage under existing capital stock management practices. Members are required to purchase activity-based capital stock to support their borrowings from us, and when activity-based capital stock is in excess of the amount that is required to support advance borrowings, we redeem the excess capital stock immediately. Therefore, stockholders capital increases and decreases with members advance borrowings, and the capital to asset ratio remains relatively unchanged. Liquidity Our liquidity position remains strong, and in compliance with all regulatory requirements, and we do not foresee any changes to that position. In addition to the liquidity trading portfolio discussed previously, liquid assets at December 31, 2022 included 23.2 million as demand cash balances at the FRBNY, 13.7 billion in short-term and overnight investments in the federal funds and resale agreements, and 6.0 billion of high credit quality GSE-issued available-for-sale securities that are investment quality and readily marketable. We also have other regulatory liquidity measures in place, deposit liquidity and operational liquidity, and other liquidity buffers. We remain in compliance with the Advisory Bulletin and all liquidity regulations. For more information about the Advisory Bulletin and our liquidity measures, see section Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt, and Table 9.1 through Table 9.5 in this MD A. Replacement of London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR) The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) in the U.S. has settled on the establishment of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. Some of the FHLBNY s assets, liabilities and derivatives are still indexed to LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) confirmed that the publication of the principal tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (i.e., overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month LIBOR) will cease immediately following a final publication on June 30, 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 We are actively engaged in transitioning our LIBOR-indexed swaps and cash instruments to SOFR. We have successfully transitioned 9.3 billion of advance derivative hedges from 2020 to 2022. We have successfully transitioned 0.9 billion of securities from LIBOR to SOFR in 2021 and 2022. The following data provides an overview of LIBOR-indexed instruments outstanding at December 31, 2022 with maturities beyond June 30, 2023, which is the relevant LIBOR cessation date for the FHLBNY (in thousands): Table 2.2 Overview of LIBOR-indexed Instruments Outstanding 

Outstanding at Maturing after June 30, 2023 December 31, 2022 LIBOR indexed Derivatives (notionals) 3,786,980 LIBOR indexed Variable-rate mortgage-backed securities (UPB) 2,312,309 LIBOR indexed Variable-rate housing finance agency bonds (UPB) 14,700 LIBOR indexed Variable-rate Other securities (UPB) LIBOR indexed Variable-rate Advances (UPB) 1,155,000 LIBOR indexed Variable-rate CO bonds (UPB) Advances Our primary business is making collateralized loans to members, referred to as advances. Generally, the growth or decline in advances is reflective of demand by members for both short-term liquidity and term funding. This demand is driven by economic factors such as availability of alternative funding sources that are more attractive, or by the interest rate environment and the outlook for the economy. Members may choose to prepay advances (which may generate prepayment penalty fees) based on their expectations of interest rate changes and demand for liquidity. Advance volume is also influenced by merger activity, where members are either acquired by non-members or acquired by members of another FHLBank. When our members are acquired by members of another FHLBank or by non-members, these former members no longer qualify for membership, and we may not offer renewals or additional advances to the former members. If maturing advances are not replaced, it may have an impact on business volume. Interest rate hedging and basis adjustments A significant percentage of fixed-rate, longer-term advances and all putable advances were designated under an ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge. Also, certain advances were hedged by interest rate swaps in economic hedges. From time to time, we have also elected the fair value option (FVO) on an instrument-by- instrument basis for advances. Carrying values of advances outstanding were 115.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 71.5 billion at December 31, 2021. Carrying values included cumulative hedging basis adjustment losses of 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and gains of 0.3 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Table 3.1 Advance Trends Advance Trends Member demand for advance products Future demand from our members for advances is difficult to forecast as it is uncertain what the impact will be on our members businesses from multiple uncertainties, including supply of deposits and other funding to members businesses, risk of credit losses, and other potential disruptions to our members businesses Our regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), has a tangible capital requirement on member commercial banks and credit unions that differs from their primary regulators definition. The FHFA also has a tangible capital requirement for insurance company members and uses the same definition as the applicable state insurance company regulators. If a member has negative tangible capital, primarily as a result of negative fair value marks on investment securities held as Available for Sale due to a rise in interest rates, the Bank is not permitted to extend a new advance, unless the member s appropriate federal banking agency or state insurance regulator requests in writing that the Bank make such advance. Further, advance renewals to this member would be limited to a maximum term of 30 days; the 30 day renewals may continue unless we are directed in writing by the member s primary regulator to stop. At this time, only a few of our members may not be meeting the FHFA s tangible capital requirements. While this issue is not viewed as a material risk to the Bank, it is possible that the Bank may lose some advance business to other liquidity providers in cases where FHFA tangible capital violations occur or appear imminent. The Bank s business reputation with its members and our reputation as a reliable provider of liquidity with our members primary regulators may also be harmed. The Bank continues to monitor this situation, including the impact of rising interest rates on our members tangible capital and any future actions that the regulators may take. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Advances Product Types The following table summarizes par values of advances by product type (dollars in thousands): Table 3.2 Advances by Product Type 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage Percentage Amounts of Total Amounts of Total Adjustable Rate Credit - ARCs 25,063,390 21.43 7,468,000 10.49 Fixed Rate Advances 54,523,869 46.64 47,466,196 66.65 Short-Term Advances 24,674,722 21.10 11,468,580 16.10 Mortgage Matched Advances 78,639 0.07 112,215 0.16 Overnight Line of Credit (OLOC) Advances 9,231,475 7.89 959,752 1.35 All other categories 3,357,759 2.87 3,740,423 5.25 Total par value 116,929,854 100.00 71,215,166 100.00 Advance discounts (2,083) (160) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (1,634,895) 321,396 Total 115,292,876 71,536,402 Member Pledged Collateral Member borrowers are required to maintain an amount of eligible collateral that adequately secures their outstanding obligations with the FHLBNY. Eligible collateral includes: (1) one-to-four-family mortgages; (2) multi-family commercial real estate mortgages; (3) Treasury and U.S. government agency securities; (4) private label commercial mortgage-backed securities; and (5) certain other collateral that is real estate-related, provided that such collateral has a readily ascertainable value, can be liquidated in due course, and the Bank has the ability to perfect its security interest. The FHLBNY also have a statutory lien priority with respect to certain member assets under the FHLBank Act as well as a claim on FHLBNY capital stock held by our members. The FHLBNY s loan and collateral agreements give the Bank security interest in assets held by borrowers that is sufficient to cover their obligations to the FHLBNY. FHLBNY may supplement this security interest by imposing additional collateral delivery requirements on our member borrowers based on the overall financial strength of the member. To ensure that the FHLBNY has sufficient collateral to cover credit extensions, the FHLBNY has established a Collateral Lendable Value methodology. This methodology ensures that the FHLBNY remains fully collateralized by establishing risk based lendable values for each pledged collateral type. These lendable values are periodically reassessed to ensure that they are reflective of current market conditions. The following table summarizes pledged collateral (in thousands): Table 3.3 Collateral Supporting Indebtedness to Members 

Indebtedness Collateral (a) Other Total Securities and Advances (b) Obligations (c) Indebtedness Loans (d) Deposits (d) Total (d) December 31, 2022 116,929,854 22,790,754 139,720,608 338,641,587 81,962,704 420,604,291 December 31, 2021 71,215,166 20,606,819 91,821,985 320,683,186 63,956,008 384,639,194 

 (a) The level of over-collateralization is on an aggregate basis and may not necessarily be indicative of a similar level of over-collateralization on an individual member basis. At a minimum, each member pledged sufficient collateral to adequately secure the member s outstanding obligation with the FHLBNY. In addition, most members maintain an excess amount of pledged collateral with the FHLBNY to secure future liquidity needs. (b) Par value. (c) Standby financial letters of credit, derivatives, and members credit enhancement guarantee amount (MPFCE). (d) Estimated market value. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the breakdown of collateral pledged by members between those in the physical possession of the FHLBNY or its safekeeping agent, and those that were specifically listed (in thousands): Table 3.4 Location of Collateral Held 

Estimated Market Values Collateral in Total Physical Collateral Collateral Possession Specifically Listed Received December 31, 2022 82,658,830 337,945,461 420,604,291 December 31, 2021 64,690,246 319,948,948 384,639,194 Advances Interest Rate Terms The following table summarizes interest-rate payment terms for advances (dollars in thousands): Table 3.5 Advances by Interest-Rate Payment Terms 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage Percentage Amount of Total Amount of Total Fixed-rate (a) 90,424,460 77.33 63,744,666 89.51 Variable-rate (b) 26,505,390 22.67 7,470,500 10.49 Variable-rate capped or floored (c) Overdrawn demand deposit accounts 4 Total par value 116,929,854 100.00 71,215,166 100.00 Advance discounts (2,083) (160) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (1,634,895) 321,396 Total 115,292,876 71,536,402 

 (a) Fixed-rate borrowings remained the largest category of advances borrowed by members and includes long-term and short-term fixed-rate advances. Long-term advances remain a small segment of the portfolio at December 31, 2022, with only 6.5 of advances in the remaining maturity bucket of greater than 5 years (16.1 at December 31, 2021). For more information, see financial statements Note 9. Advances. (b) Variable-rate advances are ARC advances, which historically have been indexed to LIBOR and now are indexed to SOFR-OIS, Federal Funds-OIS or other benchmark indices. The FHLBNY s larger members are generally borrowers of variable-rate advances. (c) Category represents ARCs with options that cap increase or floor decrease in the benchmark index at predetermined strikes (We have also purchased cap/floor options that mirror the terms of the options embedded in the advances sold to members, offsetting our exposure on the advance). 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes Redemption Term of advances (dollars in thousands): Table 3.6 Advances by Redemption Term 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Redemption Term (dollars in thousands) Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Fixed-rate Due in 1 year or less 61,444,708 52.55 33,315,184 46.78 28,129,524 84.43 Due after 1 year through 3 years 14,399,676 12.31 13,672,643 19.20 727,033 5.32 Due after 3 years through 5 years 6,405,303 5.48 5,981,524 8.40 423,779 7.08 Due after 5 years through 15 years 4,085,973 3.49 2,892,046 4.06 1,193,928 41.28 Thereafter 161 303 (142) (47.01) Total principal amount 86,335,821 73.83 55,861,700 78.44 30,474,120 54.55 Fixed-rate, putable Due in 1 year or less 1,000 (1,000) (100.00) Due after 1 year through 3 years 158,000 0.22 (158,000) (100.00) Due after 3 years through 5 years 1,505,000 1.29 14,250 0.02 1,490,750 NM Due after 5 years through 15 years 2,505,000 2.14 7,597,500 10.67 (5,092,500) (67.03) Thereafter NM Total principal amount 4,010,000 3.43 7,770,750 10.91 (3,760,750) (48.40) Variable-rate Due in 1 year or less 21,493,000 18.38 5,639,500 7.92 15,853,500 NM Due after 1 year through 3 years 3,792,390 3.24 524,000 0.74 3,268,390 NM Due after 3 years through 5 years 220,000 0.19 207,000 0.29 13,000 6.28 Due after 5 years through 15 years 1,000,000 0.86 1,000,000 1.40 Thereafter NM Total principal amount 26,505,390 22.67 7,370,500 10.35 19,134,890 NM Variable-rate, callable or prepayable (a) Due in 1 year or less 100,000 0.14 (100,000) (100.00) Due after 1 year through 3 years NM Due after 3 years through 5 years NM Due after 5 years through 15 years NM Thereafter NM Total principal amount 100,000 0.14 (100,000) (100.00) Other (b) Due in 1 year or less 33,362 0.03 47,177 0.07 (13,816) (29.28) Due after 1 year through 3 years 28,356 0.02 49,630 0.07 (21,274) (42.86) Due after 3 years through 5 years 11,459 0.01 11,663 0.02 (204) (1.75) Due after 5 years through 15 years 4,985 0.01 3,014 1,971 65.40 Thereafter 477 732 (255) (34.90) Total principal amount 78,639 0.07 112,216 0.16 (33,578) (29.92) Overdrawn and overnight deposit accounts 4 4 NM Total principal amount advances 116,929,854 100.00 71,215,166 100.00 45,714,687 64.19 Other adjustments, net (c) (1,636,978) 321,236 (1,958,214) Total advances 115,292,876 71,536,402 43,756,473 

 (a) Prepayable advances are those advances that may be contractually prepaid by the borrower on specified dates without incurring prepayment or termination fees. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Includes hybrid, fixed-rate amortizing/mortgage matched, convertible, fixed-rate callable or prepayable, and other advances. (c) Consists of hedging and fair value option valuation adjustments and unamortized premiums, discounts, and commitment fees. 
 NM Not meaningful. Hedge volume We hedge putable advances and certain vanilla fixed-rate advances under the hedge accounting provisions when they qualify under those standards and as economic hedges when hedge effectiveness accounting provisions cannot be established. The following table summarizes advances hedged under ASC 815 qualifying hedge by type of structure (in thousands): Table 3.7 Hedged Advances by Type 

Par Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Qualifying hedges Fixed-rate bullets (a) 39,392,241 29,279,507 Fixed-rate putable (b) 4,010,000 7,770,750 Fixed-rate with embedded cap 350,000 360,000 Total qualifying hedges 43,752,241 37,410,257 Aggregate par amount of advances hedged (c) 44,070,441 40,560,257 Fair value basis (hedging adjustments) (1,634,895) 321,396 

 (a) Generally, fixed-rate medium- and longer-term advances are hedged to mitigate the risk in fixed-rate lending. (b) Putable advances are hedged by cancellable swaps, and the paired long put option mitigate the put option risks; in the hedge, fixed-rate cash flows are also synthetically converted to benchmark floating-rate. (c) Represents par values of advances in ASC 815 hedge relationships. Amounts do not include advances that were in ASC 815 hedges but have since been de-designated or advances that are in economic hedges (not qualifying as ASC 815 accounting hedge). 
 Economic hedges of floating-rate advances We issue floating-rate advances indexed to one or more benchmark rates (historically LIBOR, and now Federal Funds-OIS and SOFR-OIS) and may then execute interest rate basis swaps that would synthetically convert the cash flows to the desired floating-rate cash flows indexed to another benchmark to meet our asset/liability funding strategies. At December 31, 2022 there was no basis swaps outstanding. At December 31, 2021, notional amounts of basis swaps was 3.1 billion. The carrying value of the advances in the economic hedge would not include fair value basis since the advance is recorded at amortized cost. Putable Advances The following table summarizes par amounts of advances that were still putable or callable, with one or more pre-determined option exercise dates remaining (in thousands): Table 3.8 Putable and Callable Advances 

Advances Par Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Putable (a) 4,010,000 7,770,750 No-longer putable/callable 

 (a) Putable advances were typically long-term advances with one or more put options exercisable by the FHLBNY. Putable advances are hedged in an ASC 815 qualifying fair value hedge with mirror image terms, including mirror image put option terms. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 Investments We maintain long-term investment portfolios of debt securities, which are principally mortgage-backed securities issued by GSEs and U.S. Agency (GSE-issued). Investments include a small portfolio of MBS issued by private enterprises, and bonds issued by state or local housing finance agencies. We also maintain short-term investments for our liquidity resources, for funding daily stock repurchases and redemptions, for ensuring the availability of funds to meet the credit needs of our members, and to provide additional earnings. We also invest in a liquidity trading portfolio, the purpose of which is to augment our liquidity needs. Investments in the trading portfolio are typically U.S. Treasury securities, and from time to time we have also invested in GSE-issued securities, all carried at their fair values. The Finance Agency prohibits speculative investments but allows the designation of a trading portfolio for liquidity purposes. We may dispose such investments if liquidity needs are met and market conditions deem the sale as advantageous. We are subject to credit risk on our investments, generally transacted with GSEs and large financial institutions that are considered to be investment quality. The Finance Agency defines investment quality as a security with adequate financial backing so that full and timely payment of principal and interest on such security is expected and there is minimal risk that the timely payment of principal and interest would not occur because of adverse changes in economic and financial conditions during the projected life of the security. The following table summarizes changes in investments by categories: Interest-bearing deposits, Money market investments, Trading securities, Equity investments in Grantor trust, Available-for-sale securities, and Held-to-maturity securities (Carrying values, dollars in thousands): Table 4.1 Investments by Categories 

December 31, December 31, Dollar Percentage 2022 2021 Variance Variance State and local housing finance agency obligations, net (a) Available-for-sale securities, at fair value 1,109,029 998,637 110,392 11.05 Held-to-maturity securities, at carrying value, net 177,117 184,886 (7,769) (4.20) Total HFA securities 1,286,146 1,183,523 102,623 8.67 Trading securities (b) 7,113,419 5,821,380 1,292,039 22.19 Mortgage-backed securities Available-for-sale securities, at fair value (c) 5,979,841 5,548,784 431,057 7.77 Held-to-maturity securities, at carrying value, net (c) 9,176,931 9,143,779 33,152 0.36 Total MBS securities 15,156,772 14,692,563 464,209 3.16 Equity investments in Grantor trust (d) 81,754 96,124 (14,370) (14.95) Interest-bearing deposits 1,750,000 675,000 1,075,000 159.26 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 4,245,000 1,200,000 3,045,000 253.75 Federal funds sold 9,470,000 7,230,000 2,240,000 30.98 Total Investments 39,103,091 30,898,590 8,204,501 26.55 

 (a) State and local housing finance agency bonds are designated as both AFS, carried at fair values and HTM, carried at carrying value. There were acquisitions of 308.0 million of AFS State and local housing finance agency bonds for the twelve months ending December 31, 2022 and paydowns were 0.2 billion in the AFS portfolio and 7.8 million in the HTM portfolio for the same period. During the second quarter of 2021, we reclassified 0.9 billion of LIBOR-indexed held-to-maturity securities to available-for-sale as a one-time election in accordance with ASC 848 Reference Rate Reform. (b) Trading securities comprised of U.S. Treasury securities at December 31, 2022 and are carried at fair value. Trading portfolio is for liquidity and not for speculative purposes. We acquired 5.0 billion par of U.S. Treasury notes in 2022. (c) AFS securities outstanding were GSE and U.S. Agency issued MBS and carried at fair values. MBS in the HTM portfolio were predominantly GSE-issued. During the second quarter of 2021, we reclassified 0.5 billion of LIBOR-indexed held-to-maturity securities to available-for-sale as a one-time election in accordance with ASC 848 Reference Rate Reform. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 (d) Funds in the grantor trust are designated as equity investments and are carried at fair value. Trust fund balances represent investments in registered fixed-income and equity mutual funds and money market funds. Funds are highly liquid and readily redeemable at their NAVs, which are the fair values of the investments. The funds are owned by the FHLBNY, and the intent is to utilize investments to fund current and potential future payment obligations of the non-qualified employee retirement plans. 
 The following table summarizes our investment debt securities issuer concentration (dollars in thousands): Table 4.2 Investment Debt Securities Issuer Concentration 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying value as Carrying value as Carrying (a) a Percentage Carrying (a) a Percentage Long Term Investment (c) Value Fair Value of Capital Value Fair Value of Capital MBS Fannie Mae 2,099,507 2,071,390 25.15 2,565,768 2,594,055 39.80 Freddie Mac 13,001,618 12,604,915 155.76 12,053,895 12,390,599 187.00 Ginnie Mae 7,477 7,477 0.09 9,349 9,349 0.15 All Others - PLMBS 48,170 52,016 0.58 63,551 71,422 0.99 Non-MBS, net (b) 1,286,146 1,272,277 15.41 1,183,523 1,166,270 18.36 Total Investment Debt Securities 16,442,918 16,008,075 196.98 15,876,086 16,231,695 246.30 Categorized as: Available-for-Sale Securities 7,088,870 7,088,870 6,547,421 6,547,421 Held-to-Maturity Securities, net 9,354,048 8,919,205 9,328,665 9,684,274 

 (a) Carrying values include fair values for AFS securities. (b) Non-MBS Includes Housing finance agency bonds. (c) Excludes Trading portfolio. The following tables summarize external rating information of the held-to-maturity portfolio (carrying values in thousands): Table 4.3 External Rating of the Held-to-Maturity Portfolio 

December 31, 2022 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 140 9,128,951 35,898 382 11,560 9,176,931 State and local housing finance agency obligations 175,974 1,143 177,117 Total Long-term securities 140 9,304,925 37,041 382 11,560 9,354,048 

December 31, 2021 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 229 9,082,287 48,055 616 12,592 9,143,779 State and local housing finance agency obligations 183,330 1,556 184,886 Total Long-term securities 229 9,265,617 49,611 616 12,592 9,328,665 See footnotes (a) and (b) under Table 4.4. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables summarize external rating information of the AFS portfolio (the carrying values of AFS investments are at fair values; in thousands): Table 4.4 External Rating of the Available-for-Sale Portfolio December 31, 2022 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 5,979,841 5,979,841 State and local housing finance agency obligations 14,622 1,093,657 750 1,109,029 Total Long-term securities 14,622 7,073,498 750 7,088,870 

December 31, 2021 Below Investment AAA-rated (a) AA-rated (b) A-rated BBB-rated Grade Total Mortgage-backed securities 5,548,784 5,548,784 State and local housing finance agency obligations 18,951 977,507 2,179 998,637 Total Long-term securities 18,951 6,526,291 2,179 6,547,421 

 Footnotes to Table 4.3 and Table 4.4. (a) Certain PLMBS and housing finance bonds have been assigned AAA, based on the ratings by S P and Moody s. (b) We have assigned GSE-issued MBS a rating of AA+ based on the credit rating assigned to long-term senior debt issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and U.S. Agency. The debt ratings are based on S P s rating of AA+ for the GSE Senior long-term debt and AA+ for the debt issued by the U.S. government; Moody s debt rating is Aaa for the GSE Senior long-term debt and the U.S. government. 
 External credit rating information has been provided in Table 4.3 and Table 4.4 as the information is used as another data point to supplement our credit quality indicators, and they serve as a useful indicator when analyzing the degree of credit risk to which we are exposed. Significant changes in credit ratings classifications of our investment debt securities portfolio could indicate increased credit risk for us that could be accompanied by a reduction in the fair values of our investment debt securities portfolio. Fair Value Levels of Investment Debt Securities To compute fair values, multiple vendor prices were received for substantially all of our MBS holdings, and substantially all of those prices fell within specified thresholds. The relative proximity of the prices received from the multiple vendors supported our conclusion that the final computed prices were reasonable estimates of fair values. GSE securities priced under such a valuation technique using the market approach are typically classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The fair value of State and local housing finance agency obligations is estimated by management using information primarily from pricing services. Due to the current lack of significant market activity, their fair values were categorized as Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. For a comparison of carrying values and fair values of investment debt securities, see financial statements, Note 5. Trading securities, Note 7. Available-for-Sale Securities and Note 8. Held-to-Maturity Securities. For more information about the corroboration and other analytical procedures performed, see Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Also see Note 7. Available-for-sale securities for an explanation of amortized cost for securities hedged under ASC 815 fair value hedges. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average rates Mortgage-backed securities (HTM and AFS) The following table summarizes weighted average rates (yields) and amortized cost by contractual maturities (dollars in thousands): Table 4.5 Mortgage-Backed Securities Weighted Average Rates by Contractual Maturities 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Weighted Amortized Weighted Cost Average Rate (a) Cost Average Rate (a) Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less 375,711 3.04 622,150 2.63 Due after one year through five years 5,610,679 3.36 4,120,381 2.47 Due after five years through ten years 7,654,366 2.83 8,002,850 2.51 Due after ten years 1,750,120 3.80 1,793,274 1.46 Total Mortgage-backed securities 15,390,876 3.14 14,538,655 2.37 

 (a) Average yields are derived by dividing interest income by the average amortized cost balances of the related maturity bucket. A significant portion of the MBS portfolio consists of floating-rate securities and the weighted average rates will change in parallel with changes in the LIBOR or now other benchmarked rates where applicable. Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-rate Available-for-sale Mortgage-backed Securities The adoption of ASU 2017-12 provided an alternative guidance in the application of partial-term hedging. The ASU also provided a new approach that allows entities to hedge only the benchmark rate instead of the entire coupon of a fixed-rate instrument in a fair value hedge. We have adopted the guidance in the ASU to hedge designated available-for-sale fixed-rate CMBS. The following table summarizes key data (in thousands): Table 4.6 Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-Rate Prepayable CMBS 

Fair Value Hedges of Fixed-Rate Prepayable CMBS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current face value of hedged CMBS 4,787,741 3,190,361 Partial-term hedge face value of hedged CMBS 4,263,000 2,859,000 Cumulative basis adjustment gains (losses) (575,104) (30,667) Interest rate swap contracts (par) 4,263,000 2,859,000 Short-term investments We typically maintain substantial investments in high quality short- and intermediate-term financial instruments such as secured overnight transactions collateralized by securities, including unsecured overnight and term deposits and federal funds sold to highly-rated financial institutions who also satisfy other credit quality factors. These investments provide the liquidity necessary to meet members credit needs. Short-term investments also provide a flexible means of implementing the asset/liability management decisions to adjust liquidity. We also invest in a liquidity trading portfolio, consisting of U.S. treasury securities, with the objective of satisfying our liquidity requirements and expanding our choice of investing for liquidity. Monitoring We actively monitor our credit exposures and the credit quality of our counterparties, including an assessment of each counterparty s financial performance, capital adequacy, and sovereign support as well as related market signals, and actively limit or suspend existing exposures, as appropriate. In addition, we are required to manage our unsecured portfolio subject to regulatory limits prescribed by our regulator, the Finance Agency. The Finance Agency regulations include limits on the amount of unsecured credit that may be extended to a counterparty or a group of affiliated counterparties, based upon a percentage of eligible regulatory capital and the counterparty s overall credit rating. Under these regulations, the level of eligible regulatory capital is determined as the lesser of our regulatory capital or the eligible amount of regulatory capital of the counterparty determined in accordance with Finance Agency regulations. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 The Finance Agency regulations also permit us to extend additional unsecured credit, which could be comprised of overnight extensions and sales of federal funds subject to continuing contract. Our total unsecured overnight exposure to a single counterparty may not exceed twice the regulatory limit for term exposures. We are prohibited by Finance Agency regulation from investing in financial instruments issued by non-U.S. entities other than those issued by U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks, and we did not own any financial instruments issued by foreign sovereign governments, including those countries that are members of the European Union in any periods in this report. Securities purchased under agreements to resell As part of our banking activities with counterparties, we have entered into secured financing transactions that mature overnight and can be extended only at our discretion. These transactions involve the lending of cash against securities, which are accepted as collateral. The balance outstanding under such agreements were 4.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Resale agreements averaged 74.0 million and 620.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. For more information, see financial statements, Note 4. Interest-bearing Deposits, Federal Funds Sold and Securities Purchased under Agreements to Resell. Federal funds sold Federal funds sold was 9.5 billion at December 31, 2022, and 7.2 billion at December 31, 2021, and averaged 11.6 billion and 11.2 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investments represent unsecured lending to major banks and financial institutions. We are a major lender in this market, particularly in the overnight market. The amount of unsecured credit risk that may be extended to individual counterparties is commensurate with the counterparty s credit quality as assessed by our management, and the assessment would include reviews of credit ratings of counterparty s debt securities or deposits as reported by NRSROs. Overnight and short-term federal funds allow us to warehouse funds and provide balance sheet liquidity to meet unexpected member borrowing demands. The table below presents federal funds sold, the counterparty credit ratings, and the domicile of the counterparty or the domicile of the counterparty s parent for U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks in the U.S. (in thousands): Table 4.7 Federal Funds Sold by Domicile of the Counterparty (a) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2022 Year ended December 31, 2021 Foreign S P Moody s S P Moody s Daily Average Balance at Daily Average Balance at Counterparties Rating Rating Rating Rating Balance period end Balance period end Australia AA- AA3 AA- AA3 1,803,178 2,045,000 1,635,488 1,645,000 Austria A+ A2 A+ A2 918,162 825,964 Canada A to AA- A3 to AA2 A to AA- A3 to AA2 3,841,452 4,255,000 2,683,238 4,130,000 Finland AA- AA3 AA- AA3 1,483,137 2,045,000 1,459,808 950,000 France A to A+ A1 to AA3 A to A+ A1 to AA3 497,855 500,000 833,806 Germany A- A1 A- A2 114,205 31,197 Netherlands A+ AA2 A+ AA2 894,247 625,000 797,943 505,000 Norway AA- AA2 AA- AA2 141,699 712,112 Sweden A+ to AA- AA3 to AA2 A+ to AA- AA3 to AA2 236,959 745,280 Switzerland A- A3 A+ A1 217,109 493,452 UK A A1 A A1 1,049,658 862,537 Subtotal 11,197,661 9,470,000 11,080,825 7,230,000 USA A to AA- A3 to AA2 A to AA- A2 to AA2 448,110 155,797 Total 11,645,771 9,470,000 11,236,622 7,230,000 

 (a) Average investment in federal funds sold has typically been greater than the period-end balance as counterparties have less demand at year-end than during the year. 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes par value, amortized cost and the carrying value (fair value) of the trading portfolio (in thousands): Table 4.8 Trading Securities 

Trading Securities December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Par value 7,675,925 5,850,925 Amortized cost 7,486,397 5,835,212 Carrying/Fair value 7,113,419 5,821,380 The Finance Agency prohibits speculative investments but allows permitted securities to be deemed held for liquidity if invested in a trading portfolio. We may dispose such investments if liquidity needs are met and market conditions deem the sale as advantageous. For more information about fair values of securities in the trading portfolio, see Note 5. Trading Securities in the Notes to the Financial Statements. The following table summarizes economic hedges of fixed-rate trading securities held for liquidity (in thousands): Table 4.9 Economic Hedges of Fixed-rate Liquidity Trading Securities 

Economic Hedges of Fixed-Rate Trading Securities December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Par/Face amounts of portfolio of U.S. Treasury fixed-rate securities (a) 7,675,925 5,850,925 Par amounts of interest rate swaps 7,775,925 5,850,925 

 (a) Balances represent outstanding amounts of U.S. Treasury securities. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio, Net Mortgage loans are carried in the Statements of Condition at amortized cost, less allowance for credit losses. The outstanding unpaid principal balance was 2.1 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.2 billion (net of acquisitions and paydowns) from the balance at December 31, 2021. Mortgage loan balances declined due to loan prepayments. During 2022, the Bank purchased 79.2 million of mortgage loans from members and paydowns of 285.2 million. Mortgage loans were investments in Mortgage Partnership Finance loans (MPF or MPF Program) and Mortgage Asset Program (MAP). Serious delinquencies at December 31, 2022 were lower than December 31, 2021. Allowance for credit losses was 1.9 million at December 31, 2022, and 2.1 million at December 31, 2021. Mortgage Partnership Finance Program We invested in mortgage loans through the MPF Program, which is a secondary mortgage market structure under which eligible mortgage loans are purchased or funded from or through members who are Participating Financial Institution (PFI). We may also acquire MPF loans through participations with other FHLBanks. MPF loans are conforming conventional and Government i.e., insured or guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA), the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or the Rural Housing Service of the Department of Agriculture (RHS), fixed-rate mortgage loans secured primarily by single-family residential properties with maturities ranging from five to 30 years or participations in such mortgage loans. The FHLBank of Chicago (MPF Provider) developed the MPF Program in order to help fulfill the housing mission and to provide an additional source of liquidity to FHLBank members that choose to sell mortgage loans into the secondary market rather than holding them in their own portfolios. Finance Agency regulations define the acquisition of Acquired Member Assets (AMA) as a core mission activity of the FHLBanks. In order for MPF loans to meet the AMA requirements, the purchase and funding are structured so that the credit risk associated with MPF loans is shared with PFIs. Mortgage Asset Program The MAP program is a residential housing finance program in which the FHLBNY funds or purchases loans originated by members or affiliates. The FHLBNY offers the MAP as a secondary market outlet for PFI members to fund mortgages and be competitive in offering fixed-rate mortgage loan products. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Government and various states have taken certain actions to allow the Federal Home Loans Banks to provide various forms of relief in response to the effects of the pandemic. These measures include forbearance and modification for MPF program loans. Loans under these agreements were not material at December 31, 2022. We are continuing to apply our policies, and not delaying the recognition of charge-offs, delinquencies, and nonaccruals status for the borrowers who would have otherwise moved into past due or nonaccruals status. Mortgage loans Conventional and Insured Loans The following table classifies mortgage loans between conventional loans and loans insured by FHA/VA (in thousands): Table 5.1 MPF by Conventional and Insured Loans 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Federal Housing Administration and Veteran Administration insured loans 139,015 160,716 Conventional loans 1,743,571 1,999,543 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans (1,665) (1,956) MPF loans held-for-portfolio, net (a) 1,880,921 2,158,303 

 (a) Balances represent MPF portfolio; MAP portfolio balance of 226.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 161.6 million as of December 31, 2021 were not included. 
 Mortgage Loans Loss Sharing and the Credit Enhancement Waterfall For all loans acquired prior to June 1, 2017, the credit enhancement was computed as the amount that would bring an uninsured loan to Double A credit risk. For loans acquired after June 1, 2017, the credit enhancement is computed to a Single A credit risk. In the credit enhancement waterfall, we are responsible for the first loss layer. The second loss layer is the credit obligation of the PFI. We assume all residual risk. Also, see financial statements, Note 10. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Portfolio. Loan and PFI Concentration Loan concentration was in New York State, which is to be expected since many of the largest PFIs are located in New York. The tables below summarize concentrations Geographic and PFI. Table 5.2 Geographic Concentration of MPF Loans 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Number of loans Amounts outstanding Number of loans Amounts outstanding New York State (a) 73.6 68.9 73.2 68.0 

 (a) MAP loans were not included in the above calculation. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Table 5.3 Top Five Participating Financial Institutions Concentration (par value, dollars in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 Mortgage Percent of Total Loans Mortgage Loans Teachers Federal Credit Union 179,424 9.67 Bethpage Federal Credit Union 146,068 7.87 Citizens Bank, N.A. (a) 132,105 7.12 Webster Bank, N.A. (b) 124,915 6.73 Manasquan Bank 102,641 5.54 All Others 1,169,975 63.07 Total (c) 1,855,128 100.00 

December 31, 2021 Mortgage Percent of Total Loans Mortgage Loans Teachers Federal Credit Union 195,737 9.20 Bethpage Federal Credit Union 164,021 7.71 Investors Bank 157,304 7.39 Sterling National Bank 143,790 6.76 Manasquan Bank 116,256 5.46 All Others 1,350,691 63.48 Total (c) 2,127,799 100.00 

 (a) FHLBNY member Investors Bank merged into a non-member institution, Citizens Bank, N.A., on April 7, 2022. As a result, Investors Bank is no longer a member of the FHLBNY. (b) FHLBNY member Sterling National Bank merged into a non-member institution, Webster Bank, N.A., on February 1, 2022. As a result, Sterling National Bank is no longer a member of the FHLBNY. (c) MAP unpaid principal balances of 221.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 156.7 million as of December 31, 2021 were not included. 
 Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations Our primary source of funds continues to be the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes. In aggregate, carrying balances of CO bonds and CO discount notes were 147.3 billion and 97.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. CO bonds and CO discount notes The carrying value of Consolidated obligation bonds (CO bonds or Consolidated obligation bonds) was 85.5 billion (par, 87.5 billion) at December 31, 2022, compared to 54.8 billion (par, 54.5 billion) at December 31, 2021. The carrying value of Consolidated obligation discount notes outstanding was 61.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 42.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Interest rate hedging Significant amounts of CO bonds have been designated under an ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge. Also, certain CO bonds were hedged by interest rate swaps in economic hedges. From time to time, we have also hedged the anticipatory issuance of fixed-rate CO bonds in a cash flow hedge under ASC 815. Certain CO bonds were elected under the FVO. As a result of hedging elections under ASC 815 and the elections under the FVO, carrying values of CO bonds included valuation basis adjustments. For more information about valuation basis adjustments on CO bonds, see Table 6.1 CO Bonds by Type. From time to time, we hedge CO discount notes (discount notes) under ASC 815 fair value accounting; additionally, certain discount notes are also hedged under ASC 815 cash flow accounting hedge. Certain discount notes were elected under the FVO. As a result of accounting elections, carrying values of discount notes may include valuation basis adjustments. For more information about valuation basis adjustments on discount notes, see Table 6.7 Discount Notes Outstanding. Also, see financial statements, Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Debt Ratings A FHLBank s ability to access the capital markets to issue debt, as well as our cost of funds, is dependent on credit ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations. Consolidated obligations of FHLBanks are rated Aaa/P-1 by Moody s, and AA+/A-1+ by S P. Any rating actions on the U.S. Government would likely result in all individual FHLBanks long-term deposit ratings and the FHLBank System long-term bond rating moving in lock step with any U.S. sovereign rating action. Joint and Several Liability Although we are primarily liable for our portion of Consolidated obligations (i.e. those issued on our behalf), we are also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on the Consolidated obligations of all the FHLBanks. For more information, see financial statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies. SOFR CO Bonds The SOFR market continues to develop, and successful issuances of FHLBank System SOFR-linked floaters (Floating-rate notes or FRNs) have been an important development for the FHLBank debt and its support for SOFR. The FHLBNY is an active participant in the issuance of SOFR-linked CO bonds. Outstanding balances were 33.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 4.8 billion at December 31, 2021. Consolidated obligation bonds The following table summarizes types of Consolidated obligation bonds (CO Bonds) issued and outstanding (dollars in thousands): Table 6.1 CO Bonds by Type 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage Percentage Amount of Total Amount of Total Fixed-rate, non-callable 30,482,290 34.83 31,907,580 58.53 Fixed-rate, callable 18,676,130 21.34 12,993,130 23.84 Step Up, callable 5,374,000 6.14 4,799,000 8.80 Floating rate, callable 250,000 0.29 1,265,000 2.32 Single-index floating rate 32,733,000 37.40 3,550,000 6.51 Total par value 87,515,420 100.00 54,514,710 100.00 Bond premiums 123,477 152,601 Bond discounts (26,341) (23,563) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (a) (2,015,128) 77,048 Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) 114,430 125,091 FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and accrued interest (214,103) (16,486) Total Consolidated obligation-bonds 85,497,755 54,829,401 Fair value basis and valuation adjustments Key determinants are factors such as run-offs and new transactions designated under an ASC 815 hedge or elected under the FVO, the forward swap curve, the volatility of the swap rates, the remaining duration to maturity, and for bonds elected under the FVO, the changes in the spread between the swap rate and the Consolidated obligation debt yields, and changes in interest payable, which is a component of the entire fair value of FVO bonds. (a) Hedging valuation basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO bonds are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. Our benchmarks are LIBOR, SOFR-OIS and Federal Funds-OIS, although we are actively transitioning away from LIBOR. In the hedging relationships, a benchmark is elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and becomes the discounting basis under ASC 815 for computing changes in fair values for hedged CO bonds. Table 6.2 CO Bonds Hedged under Qualifying Fair Value Hedges discloses notional amounts of CO bonds hedged. The application of ASC 815 accounting methodology resulted in the recognition of net cumulative hedge valuation basis gains of 2.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and losses of 77.0 million at December 31, 2021. Generally, hedge valuation basis gains and losses are unrealized and are expected to reverse to zero if the CO bonds are held to maturity or are called on the early option exercise dates. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Valuation basis of terminated hedges Represents unamortized cumulative valuation basis of certain CO bonds that were no longer in fair value hedge relationships. When hedging relationships for the debt were de-designated, the net unrealized cumulative losses at the hedge termination dates were no longer adjusted for changes in the benchmark rate. Instead, the valuation basis is being amortized on a level yield method, and the net amortization is recorded as a reduction of Interest expense. If the CO bonds are held to maturity, the basis losses will be fully amortized as interest expense. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments and accrued interest payable are recorded to recognize changes in the entire fair value (the full fair value) of CO bonds elected under the FVO. Table 6.3 CO Bonds Elected under the Fair Value Option (FVO) discloses par amounts of CO bonds elected under the FVO. 
 We have elected the FVO on an instrument-by-instrument basis. For bonds elected under the FVO, it was not necessary to estimate changes attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, as we consider the credit worthiness of the FHLBanks to be secure and credit related adjustments unnecessary. More information about debt elected under the FVO is provided in financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments (See Fair Value Option Disclosures). Hedge volume Tables 6.2 6.4 provide information with respect to par amounts of CO bonds based on accounting designation: (1) under hedge qualifying rules, (2) under the FVO, and (3) as an economic hedge. Qualifying hedges Generally, fixed-rate (bullet and callable) medium and long-term Consolidated obligation bonds are hedged in a Fair value ASC 815 qualifying hedge. The following table provides information on CO bonds in an ASC 815 qualifying hedge relationship (in thousands): Table 6.2 CO Bonds Hedged under Qualifying Fair Value Hedges 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Qualifying hedges Fixed-rate bullet bonds 16,995,505 15,333,890 Fixed-rate callable bonds 22,614,130 16,488,130 39,609,635 31,822,020 CO bonds elected under the FVO If at inception of a hedge we do not believe that a hedge would be highly effective in offsetting fair value changes between the derivative and the debt (hedged item), we may designate the debt under the FVO. We would record fair value changes of the FVO debt through earnings, and to the extent the debt is economically hedged, record changes in the fair values of the interest rate swap through earnings. The recorded balance sheet value of debt under the FVO would include the fair value basis adjustments, so that the debt s balance sheet carrying values would be its full fair value. The following table provides information on CO bonds elected under the fair value option (in thousands): Table 6.3 CO Bonds Elected under the Fair Value Option (FVO) 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Bonds designated under FVO 4,373,965 7,402,560 CO bonds elected under the FVO were generally in economic hedges by the execution of interest rate swaps that converted the fixed-rate bonds to a variable-rate instrument. We elected to account for the bonds under the FVO when we were generally unable to assert with confidence that the short- and intermediate-term bonds, or callable bonds, with short lock-out periods to the exercise of call options, would remain effective hedges as required under hedge accounting rules. We may also elect the FVO to achieve asset liability objectives. Designation of CO bonds under the FVO is an asset-liability management decision. For more information, see financial statements, Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Economic hedges of CO bonds We issue floating-rate debt indexed to a benchmark rate (LIBOR, Federal Funds-OIS or SOFR-OIS) and may then execute interest rate swaps that would synthetically convert the cash flows to the desired floating-rate funding indexed to another benchmark to meet our asset/liability funding strategies. The carrying value of the debt would not include fair value basis since the debt is recorded at amortized cost. The following table provides information on CO bonds in an economic hedge relationship (in thousands): Table 6.4 Economic Hedges of CO Bonds (data in table excludes CO bonds elected under the FVO) 

Consolidated Obligation Bonds Par Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Bonds designated as economically hedged Floating-rate bonds (a) 250,000 Fixed-rate bonds (b) 15,000 220,000 15,000 470,000 

 (a) Floating-rate debt Floating-rate bonds were typically indexed to 1-month LIBOR and SOFR-OIS. With the execution of basis hedges, certain floating-rate bonds were swapped in economic hedges to indices (SOFR-OIS and Federal Funds-OIS) that met our asset/liability interest rate risk management objectives, mitigating the basis risk between the index attached to the debt and the target benchmark. (b) Fixed-rate debt Bonds that were previously hedged and have fallen out of effectiveness. 
 CO Bonds Maturity or Next Call Date (a) Callable bonds contain an exercise date or a series of exercise dates that may result in a shorter redemption period. The following table summarizes par amounts of Consolidated bonds outstanding by years to maturity or next call date (dollars in thousands): Table 6.5 CO Bonds Maturity or Next Call Date 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage of Percentage of Amount Total Amount Total Year of maturity or next call date Due or callable in one year or less 63,600,290 72.67 37,107,475 68.07 Due or callable after one year through two years 11,586,805 13.24 6,990,160 12.82 Due or callable after two years through three years 3,061,985 3.50 2,331,385 4.28 Due or callable after three years through four years 3,164,905 3.62 2,013,085 3.69 Due or callable after four years through five years 1,487,435 1.70 1,825,905 3.35 Thereafter 4,614,000 5.27 4,246,700 7.79 Total par value 87,515,420 100.00 54,514,710 100.00 

 (a) Contrasting Consolidated obligation bonds by contractual maturity dates (see financial statements, Note 12. Consolidated Obligations Redemption Terms of Consolidated Obligation Bonds) with potential call dates (as reported in table above) illustrates the impact of hedging on the effective duration of the bond. With a callable bond, we have purchased the option to terminate debt at agreed upon dates from investors. The call options are exercisable as either a one-time option or quarterly. Our current practice is to exercise our option to call a bond when the swap counterparty exercises its option to call the cancellable swap hedging the callable bond. Thus, issuance of a callable bond with an associated callable swap significantly alters the contractual maturity characteristics of the original bond and introduces the possibility of an exercise call date that is significantly shorter than the contractual maturity. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes callable bonds versus non-callable CO bonds outstanding (par amounts, in thousands): Table 6.6 Outstanding Callable CO Bonds versus Non-callable CO bonds 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Callable 24,300,130 19,057,130 Non-Callable 63,215,290 35,457,580 CO Discount Notes The following table summarizes discount notes issued and outstanding (dollars in thousands): Table 6.7 Discount Notes Outstanding 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Par value 62,295,735 42,204,430 Amortized cost 61,832,418 42,197,683 Hedge value basis adjustments (a) (39,088) (424) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) (341) FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total discount notes 61,792,989 42,197,259 Weighted average interest rate 3.97 0.06 

 (a) Hedge value basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO discount notes are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. In the hedging relationships, a specific benchmark is elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and becomes the discounting basis under ASC 815 for computing changes in fair values for the hedged CO discount notes. Notional amounts of 34.6 billion and 3.4 billion were hedged under ASC 815 qualifying fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The application of ASC 815 accounting methodology resulted in immaterial amounts of net cumulative hedge valuation adjustments as noted in the table above. Generally, hedge valuation basis gains and losses are unrealized and are expected to reverse to zero if the CO discount notes are held to maturity. (b) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges Represents the unamortized balances of valuation basis of CO discount notes that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that at maturity of the debt the unamortized basis is reversed to zero. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments are recorded to recognize changes in the entire or full fair values including unaccreted discounts on CO discount notes elected under the FVO. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO discount notes elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. No CO discount notes were elected under the FVO at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes Fair Value hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 6.8 Fair Value Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Principal Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Discount notes hedged under qualifying hedge 34,626,552 3,374,841 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes economic hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 6.9 Economic Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Par Amount December 31, 2022 Discount notes designated as economic hedges (a) 13,940,198 

 (a) Represents CO discount notes that were de-designated; unamortized hedge basis adjustments. No CO discount notes were outstanding at December 31, 2021 for economic hedges. 
 The following table summarizes Cash flow hedges of discount notes (in thousands): Table 6.10 Cash Flow Hedges of Discount Notes 

Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Principal Amount December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Discount notes hedged under qualifying hedge (a) 1,608,000 1,693,000 

 (a) Amounts represent discounts notes issued in cash flow rollover hedge strategies that hedged the variability of 91-day discount notes issued in sequence. The original maturities of the interest rate swaps typically ranged from 10-15 years. In this strategy, the discount note expense, which resets every 91 days, is synthetically converted to fixed cash flows over the hedge periods, thereby achieving hedge objectives. For more information, see financial statements, Cash flow hedge gains and losses in Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 Discount Notes under the Fair Value Option (FVO) CO discount notes elected under the FVO were generally in economic hedges with the execution of interest rate swaps that converted the fixed-rate notes to a variable-rate instrument. We elected to account for the discount notes under the FVO when we were generally unable to assert with confidence that the discount notes would remain effective hedges as required under hedge accounting rules. See Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. No CO discount notes were elected under the FVO at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Recent Rating Actions Table 6.11 below presents FHLBank s long-term credit rating, short-term credit rating and outlook at February 28, 2023. Table 6.11 FHLBNY Ratings 

S P Moody s Long-Term/ Short-Term Long-Term/ Short-Term Year Rating Outlook Rating Outlook 2022 February 28, 2023 AA+/A-1+ Stable/Affirmed February 28, 2023 AAA/P-1 Stable/Affirmed 2021 December 10, 2021 AA+/A-1+ Stable/Affirmed December 27, 2021 AAA/P-1 Stable/Affirmed 2020 July 21, 2020 AA+/A-1+ Stable/Affirmed December 23, 2020 Aaa/P-1 Stable/Affirmed 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued interest payable Accrued interest payable Amounts outstanding were 370.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 127.0 million at December 31, 2021. Accrued interest payable was comprised primarily of interest due and unpaid on CO bonds, which are generally payable on a semi-annual basis. Fluctuations in unpaid interest balances on bonds are due to the timing of semi-annual coupon accruals and payments at the balance sheet dates. Other Liabilities Other liabilities Amounts outstanding were 131.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 182.5 million at December 31, 2021. Other liabilities comprised of unfunded pension liabilities, Federal Reserve pass-through reserves held on behalf of members, and miscellaneous payables. Stockholders Capital The following table summarizes the components of Stockholders capital (in thousands): Table 7.1 Stockholders Capital 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Capital Stock (a) 6,387,701 4,500,785 Unrestricted retained earnings (b) 1,185,112 1,103,585 Restricted retained earnings (c) 910,855 827,380 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (136,285) 14,103 Total Capital 8,347,383 6,445,853 

 (a) Stockholders Capital Capital stock increased in line with the increase in advances borrowed. When an advance matures or is prepaid, the excess capital stock is repurchased by the FHLBNY. When an advance is borrowed or a member joins the FHLBNY s membership, the member is required to purchase capital stock. (b) Unrestricted retained earnings Net income is added to this balance. Dividends are paid out of this balance. Funds are transferred to Restricted retained earnings balances as mandated by the FHLBank Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (Capital Agreement). (c) Restricted retained earnings Restricted retained earnings balance at December 31, 2022 has grown to 910.9 million from the time the provisions were implemented in 2011 when the FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, agreed to set up a restricted retained earnings account. The FHLBNY will allocate at least 20 of its net income to the FHLBNY s Restricted retained earnings account until the balance of the account equals at least 1 of FHLBNY s average balance of outstanding Consolidated obligations for the current calendar quarter. By way of reference, the Restricted retained earnings target calculated at December 31, 2022 was 1.3 billion based on the FHLBNY s average consolidated obligations outstanding during the current calendar quarter, as compared to actual Restricted retained earnings of 910.9 million at December 31, 2022. Also see Note 14. Capital Stock, Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock and Restricted Retained Earnings. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the components of AOCI (in thousands): Table 7.2 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (AOCI) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-credit portion on held-to-maturity securities, net (a) (998) (1,586) Net market value unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (b) (808,772) 125,170 Net Fair value hedging gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities (b) 575,104 30,667 Net Cash flow hedging gains (losses) (c) 102,200 (101,499) Employee supplemental retirement plans (d) (3,819) (38,649) Total Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (136,285) 14,103 

 (a) Represents cumulative unamortized non-credit losses (also referred to as non-credit OTTI) recorded prior to the application of the framework under ASU 2016-13. Balances in AOCI have declined due to accretion recorded as a reduction in AOCI and a corresponding increase in the balance sheet carrying values of the impaired securities. (b) Net unrealized losses of 808.8 million at December 31, 2022 and net unrealized gains of 125.2 million at December 31, 2021, represented third-party pricing vendors market-based unrealized gains/losses of securities designated as AFS. Net unrealized gains of 575.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 30.7 million at December 31, 2021, represent changes in the benchmark rate (the risk being hedged) calculated by the Bank s internal models for AFS designated in ASC 815 hedging relationships. Hedging gains and losses are recorded through earnings with an offset to the carrying values of hedged AFS securities. Hedging basis will reverse to zero if hedges are allowed to mature. (c) Cash flow hedging gains (losses) recorded in AOCI were primarily the result of cash flow hedges of sequential issuance of discount notes; also included immaterial valuation basis of cash flow hedges of anticipatory issuance of CO bonds. See Table 7.3 AOCI Roll forward due to ASC 815 Hedging Programs. (d) Employee supplemental plans Balances represent actuarially determined supplemental pension and postretirement health benefit liabilities that were not recognized through earnings. 
 The following table presents amounts recognized in and reclassified out of AOCI due to cash flow and fair value hedges (in thousands): Gains/(losses) are recorded in AOCI. Table 7.3 AOCI Roll forward due to ASC 815 Hedging Programs 

December 31, 2022 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Hedge Program Program AFS Securities Beginning balance (94,601) (6,898) 30,667 Changes in fair values (a) 198,069 (805) 544,437 Amount reclassified 1,190 Fair Value - closed contract 5,245 Ending balance 103,468 (1,268) 575,104 Notional amount of swaps outstanding 1,608,000 54,005 4,263,000 
 66 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Hedge Program Program AFS Securities Beginning balance (198,494) (8,710) (44,052) Changes in fair values (a) 103,893 74,719 Amount reclassified 1,511 Fair Value - closed contract 301 Ending balance (94,601) (6,898) 30,667 Notional amount of swaps outstanding 1,693,000 2,859,000 

December 31, 2020 Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Hedges Rollover Hedge Anticipatory Hedge Program Program AFS Securities Beginning balance (89,083) (5,433) (11,593) Changes in fair values (a) (109,411) (1,109) (32,459) Amount reclassified 1,352 Fair Value - closed contract (3,520) Ending balance (198,494) (8,710) (44,052) Notional amount of swaps outstanding 2,139,000 1,134,000 

 (a) Represents fair value changes of open swap contracts in cash flow hedges. For more information, see Financial Statements, Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 Dividends By Finance Agency regulation, dividends may be paid out of current earnings or if certain conditions are met, may be paid out of previously retained earnings. We may be restricted from paying dividends if we do not comply with any of the Finance Agency s minimum capital requirements or if payment would cause us to fail to meet any of the minimum capital requirements, including our Retained earnings target as established by the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY. In addition, we may not pay dividends if any principal or interest due on any Consolidated obligations has not been paid in full, or if we fail to satisfy certain liquidity requirements under applicable Finance Agency regulations. None of these restrictions applied for any period presented. The following table summarizes dividends paid and payout ratios: Table 7.4 Dividends Paid and Payout Ratios 

Twelve months ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash dividends paid per share 5.34 4.69 Dividends paid (a)(c) 252,374 244,172 Pay-out ratio (b) 60.47 91.96 

 (a) In thousands. (b) Dividend paid during the period divided by net income for the period. (c) Does not include dividends paid to non-members; for accounting purposes, such dividends are recorded as interest expense. 

 67 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Interest rate swaps, swaptions, cap and floor agreements (collectively, derivatives) enable us to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates by adjusting the effective maturity, repricing frequency, or option characteristics of financial instruments. To a limited extent, we also use interest rate swaps to hedge changes in interest rates prior to debt issuance and essentially lock in funding costs. Finance Agency regulations prohibit the speculative use of derivatives. For additional information about the methodologies adopted for the fair value measurement of derivatives, see financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. The following tables summarize the principal derivatives hedging strategies outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Table 8.1 Derivative Hedging Strategies Advances 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Pay-fixed, receive float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair Value 39,392 29,279 Economic 318 100 Pay-fixed, receive float interest rate swap (with options) Converts the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the advance. Fair Value 4,010 7,771 Pay-fixed with embedded features, receive-float interest-rate swap (non-callable) Reduces interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps by converting the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index and/or offsets embedded option risk in the advance. Fair Value 350 360 Pay float, receive float basis swap Reduces interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps by converting the advance s variable-rate to a different variable-rate index. Economic 3,050 Table 8.2 Derivative Hedging Strategies Investments 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Pay-fixed, receive float interest-rate swap Converts the investment s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair Value 4,263 2,859 Economic 7,776 5,851 Table 8.3 Derivative Hedging Strategies Consolidated Obligation Bonds 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Receive-fixed or -structured, pay float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the bond s fixed or structured rate to a variable-rate index. Fair Value 16,996 15,334 Economic 4,374 7,403 Receive-fixed or -structured, pay float interest rate swap (with options) Converts the bond s fixed- or structured-rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the bond. Fair Value 22,614 16,488 Economic 15 220 Receive-float, pay-float basis swap Reduces interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps by converting the bond s variable-rate to a different variable-rate index. Economic 250 Forward-starting interest rate swap Locks in the cost of funding on anticipated issuance of debt. Cash Flow 54 Table 8.4 Derivative Hedging Strategies Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Receive-fixed, pay float interest-rate swap Converts the discount note s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair Value 34,627 3,375 Economic 13,940 Pay-fixed, receive float interest-rate swap Hedging sequential issuance of discount notes to reduce interest-rate sensitivity. Cash Flow 1,608 1,693 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Table 8.5 Derivative Hedging Strategies Balance Sheet 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Pay-float, receive-fixed interest-rate swap Interest-rate swap not linked to specific assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions. Economic 11,415 Pay-fixed, receive-float interest-rate swap Interest-rate swap not linked to specific assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions. Economic 11,415 Interest-rate cap or floor Protects against changes in income of certain assets due to changes in interest rates. Economic 800 800 Table 8.6 Derivative Hedging Strategies Intermediation 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Pay-fixed, receive-float interest rate swap, and receive-fixed, pay-float interest rate swap To offset interest-rate swaps executed with members by executing interest rate swaps with derivatives counterparties. Economic 66 158 Table 8.7 Derivative Hedging Strategies Stand-Alone 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedge Notional Amount Notional Amount Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Designation (in millions) (in millions) Mortgage delivery commitment Exposed to fair-value risk associated with fixed-rate mortgage purchase commitments. Economic 10 9 Derivative Credit Risk Exposure and Concentration In addition to market risk, we are subject to credit risk in derivative transactions because of the potential for non-performance by the counterparties, which could result in the FHLBNY having to acquire a replacement derivative from a different counterparty at a cost that may exceed its recorded fair values. We are also subject to operational risks in the execution and servicing of derivative transactions. The degree of counterparty credit risk may depend on, among other factors, the extent to which netting procedures and/or the provision of collateral are used to mitigate the risk. Summarized below are our risk measurement and mitigation processes: Risk measurement We estimate exposure to credit loss on derivative instruments by calculating the replacement cost, on a present value basis, to settle at current market prices all outstanding derivative contracts in a gain position, net of collateral pledged by the counterparty. All derivative contracts with non-members are also subject to master netting agreements or other right of offset arrangements. Exposure In determining credit risk, we consider accrued interest receivable and payable, and the legal right to offset assets and liabilities by counterparty. We attempt to mitigate exposure by requiring derivative counterparties to pledge cash collateral if the amount of exposure is above the collateral threshold agreements. When we post excess cash collateral, we consider the excess collateral as our derivative exposure. Our credit exposures (derivatives in a net gain position) were to highly rated counterparties and Derivative Clearing Organizations (DCO) that met our credit quality standards. Our exposures also included open derivative contracts executed on behalf of member institutions, and the exposures were collateralized under standard advance collateral agreements with our members. For such transactions, acting as an intermediary, we offset the transaction by purchasing equivalent notional amounts of derivatives from unrelated derivative counterparties. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Risk mitigation We attempt to mitigate derivative counterparty credit risk by contracting only with experienced counterparties with investment-quality credit ratings that meet our credit quality standards. Annually, our management and Board of Directors review and approve all non-member derivative counterparties. We monitor counterparties on an ongoing basis for significant business events, including ratings actions taken by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO). All approved derivatives counterparties must enter into a master ISDA agreement with us before we execute a trade through that counterparty. In addition, for all bilateral OTC derivatives, we have executed the Credit Support Annex to the ISDA agreement that provides for collateral support at predetermined thresholds. For Cleared-OTC derivatives, margin requirements are mandated under the Dodd-Frank Act. We believe that such arrangements margin requirements, the selection of experienced, highly-rated counterparties and ongoing monitoring have sufficiently mitigated our exposures, and we do not anticipate any credit losses on derivative contracts. Derivatives Counterparty Credit Ratings For information, and an analysis of our exposure due to non-performance of swap counterparties, see Table Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Derivative Liabilities Net Presentation in Note 17. Derivatives and Hedging Activities to financial statements. For information about the methodologies adopted for the fair value measurement of derivatives, see financial statements, Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. The following tables summarize notional amounts and fair values for the FHLBNY s derivative exposures as represented by derivatives in fair value gain positions (in thousands): Table 8.8 Derivatives Counterparty Credit Ratings 

December 31, 2022 Net Derivatives Fair Value Cash Collateral Non-Cash Collateral Net Credit Before Pledged To (From) Balance Sheet Net Pledged To (From) Exposure to Credit Rating Notional Amount Collateral Counterparties (a) Credit Exposure Counterparties (b) Counterparties Non-member counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A asset (c) 699,583 10,718 (10,120) 598 598 Cleared derivatives assets (d) 129,067,443 31,373 31,373 549,089 580,462 129,767,026 42,091 (10,120) 31,971 549,089 581,060 Liability positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A liability (c) 9,654,020 (246,420) 376,180 129,760 (108,760) 21,000 Triple B liability (c) 6,035,000 (187,781) 189,970 2,189 2,189 Cleared derivatives liability (d) 839,545 27,667 27,667 16,528,565 (434,201) 566,150 131,949 (81,093) 50,856 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 146,295,591 (392,110) 556,030 163,920 467,996 631,916 Delivery commitments Derivative position with delivery commitments 9,837 1 1 (1) Total derivative position with members 9,837 1 1 (1) Total 146,305,428 (392,109) 556,030 163,921 467,995 631,916 Derivative positions without credit exposure 27,737,130 Total notional 174,042,558 
 70 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 Net Derivatives Fair Value Cash Collateral Non-Cash Collateral Net Credit Before Pledged To (From) Balance Sheet Net Pledged To (From) Exposure to Credit Rating Notional Amount Collateral Counterparties (a) Credit Exposure Counterparties (b) Counterparties Non-member counterparties Asset positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A asset (c) 4,182,000 50,094 73,000 123,094 (112,659) 10,435 Cleared derivatives assets (d) 4,191,067 743 743 33,859 34,602 8,373,067 50,837 73,000 123,837 (78,800) 45,037 Liability positions with credit exposure Uncleared derivatives Single A liability (c) 699,000 (6,478) 6,540 62 62 Triple B liability (c) 3,203,000 (167,564) 168,000 436 436 Cleared derivatives liability (d) 62,389,522 (3,951) 173,946 169,995 333,251 503,246 66,291,522 (177,993) 348,486 170,493 333,251 503,744 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 74,664,589 (127,156) 421,486 294,330 254,451 548,781 Member institutions Derivative positions with member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 79,000 3,165 3,165 (3,165) Delivery commitments Derivative position with delivery commitments 8,573 9 9 (9) Total derivative position with members 87,573 3,174 3,174 (3,174) Total 74,752,162 (123,982) 421,486 297,504 251,277 548,781 Derivative positions without credit exposure 20,247,014 Total notional 94,999,176 

 (a) When collateral is posted to counterparties in excess of fair value liabilities that are due to counterparties, the excess collateral is classified as a component of derivative assets, as the excess represents a receivable and an exposure for the FHLBNY. (b) Non-cash collateral securities. Non-cash collateral was not deducted from net derivative assets on the balance sheet as control over the securities was not transferred. (c) NRSRO Ratings. (d) On cleared derivatives, we are required to pledge initial margin (considered as collateral) to Derivative Clearing Organizations (DCOs) in cash or securities. We had pledged 576.8 million and 367.1 million in marketable securities as collateral at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 we did not pledge cash as collateral. At December 31, 2021, we had pledged 173.9 million in cash as collateral. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity, Cash Flows, Short-Term Borrowings and Short-Term Debt Our primary source of liquidity is the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes. To refinance maturing Consolidated obligations, we rely on the willingness of our investors to purchase new issuances. We have access to the discount note market, and the efficiency of issuing discount notes is an important source of liquidity, since discount notes can be issued any time and in a variety of amounts and maturities. Member deposits and capital stock purchased by members are also sources of funds. Short-term unsecured borrowings from other FHLBanks and in the federal funds market, as well as secured borrowings in the repo market provide additional sources of liquidity. In addition, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to purchase up to 4.0 billion of Consolidated obligations from the FHLBanks. Our liquidity position remains in compliance with all regulatory requirements and management does not foresee any changes to that position. Finance Agency Regulations Liquidity Regulatory requirements are specified in Parts 1239, 1270 and 1277 of the Finance Agency regulations and Advisory Bulletin 2018-07. Each FHLBank shall at all times have at least an amount of liquidity equal to the current deposits received from its members that may be invested in: (1) Obligations of the United States; (2) Deposits in banks or trust companies; and (3) Advances with a remaining maturity not to exceed five years that are made to members in conformity with part 1266. We are required to hold positive cash flow assuming no access to capital markets and assuming renewal of all maturing advances for a period of between ten to thirty calendar days and to maintain liquidity limits to reduce the risks associated with a mismatch in asset and liability maturities, including an undue reliance on short-term debt funding. In addition, the Bank provides for Contingency Liquidity, which is defined as the sources of cash the Bank may use to meet its operational requirements when its access to the capital markets is impeded. We met our Contingency Liquidity requirements during all periods in this report. Liquidity in excess of requirements is summarized in the table titled Contingency Liquidity. Advisory Bulletin 2018-07 concerning liquidity was by policy fully implemented on December 31, 2019. Liquidity Management We actively manage our liquidity position to maintain stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds while taking into account market conditions, member demand and the maturity profile of our assets and liabilities. We recognize that managing liquidity is critical to achieving our statutory mission of providing low-cost ready liquidity to our members. In managing liquidity risk, we are required to maintain certain liquidity measures in accordance with the FHLBank Act, an Advisory Bulletin and policies developed by management and approved by our Board of Directors. The applicable liquidity requirements are described in the next four sections. Deposit Liquidity . We are required to invest an aggregate amount at least equal to the amount of current deposits received from members in: (1) Obligations of the United States; (2) Deposits in banks or trust companies; or (3) Advances with a remaining maturity not to exceed five years that are made to members in conformity with 12 CFR part 1266. In addition to accepting deposits from our members, we may accept deposits from other FHLBanks or from any other governmental instrumentality. We met these requirements at all times. Quarterly average reserves and actual reserves are summarized below (in millions): Table 9.1 Deposit Liquidity 

Average Deposit Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Reserve Required Deposit Liquidity Excess December 31, 2022 887 90,794 89,907 September 30, 2022 942 77,479 76,537 June 30, 2022 1,125 65,038 63,913 March 31, 2022 1,199 60,522 59,323 December 31, 2021 1,301 58,192 56,891 Operational Liquidity . We must be able to fund our activities as our balance sheet changes from day-to-day. We maintain the capacity to fund balance sheet growth through regular money market and capital market funding and investment activities. We monitor our operational liquidity needs by regularly comparing our demonstrated funding capacity with potential balance sheet growth. We take 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 such actions as may be necessary to maintain adequate sources of funding for such growth. Operational liquidity is measured daily. We met these requirements at all times. The following table summarizes excess operational liquidity (in millions): Table 9.2 Operational Liquidity 

Average Balance Sheet Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Liquidity Requirement Operational Liquidity Excess December 31, 2022 6,990 32,666 25,676 September 30, 2022 5,373 29,470 24,097 June 30, 2022 3,711 27,171 23,460 March 31, 2022 2,944 27,048 24,104 December 31, 2021 4,174 23,534 19,360 Contingency Liquidity . The Bank holds contingency liquidity in an amount sufficient to meet our liquidity needs if we are unable to access the Consolidated obligation debt markets for at least five business days. Contingency liquidity includes (1) marketable assets with a maturity of one year or less; (2) self-liquidating assets with a maturity of one year or less; (3) assets that are generally acceptable as collateral in the repurchase market; and (4) irrevocable lines of credit from financial institutions receiving not less than the second-highest credit rating from a NRSRO. We consistently exceed the minimum requirements for contingency liquidity. Contingency liquidity is measured daily. We met these requirements at all times. The following table summarizes excess contingency liquidity (in millions): Table 9.3 Contingency Liquidity 

Average Five Day Average Actual For the Quarters Ended Requirement Contingency Liquidity Excess December 31, 2022 2,269 29,280 27,011 September 30, 2022 2,265 26,522 24,257 June 30, 2022 2,309 24,717 22,408 March 31, 2022 1,881 24,382 22,501 December 31, 2021 1,115 21,023 19,908 The Liquidity standards in our risk management policy address our day-to-day operational and contingency liquidity needs. These standards enumerate the specific types of investments to be held to satisfy such liquidity needs and are outlined above. These standards also establish the methodology to be used in determining our operational and contingency needs. We continually monitor and project our cash needs, daily debt issuance capacity, and the amount and value of investments available for use in the market for repurchase agreements. We use this information to determine our liquidity needs and to develop appropriate liquidity plans. The Finance Agency s Liquidity Advisory Bulletin 2018-07 requires the Bank to maintain between 10 and 30 business days of positive cash flow assuming all advances renew. The Advisory Bulletin also requires us to hold liquidity in a specified range of the notional of our outstanding standby financial letters of credit and provides guidance on maintaining appropriate funding gaps for three-month and one-year maturity horizons. The FHFA has periodically issued updated guidance in supervisory letters. We remain in compliance with the Advisory Bulletin and all Liquidity regulations. Other Liquidity Contingencies . As discussed more fully under the section Debt Financing Activity and Consolidated Obligations, we are primarily liable for Consolidated obligations issued on our behalf. We are also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on the Consolidated obligations of all the FHLBanks. If the principal or interest on any Consolidated obligation issued on our behalf is not paid in full when due, we may not pay dividends, redeem or repurchase shares of stock of any member or non-member stockholder until the Finance Agency approves our Consolidated obligation payment plan or other remedy and until we pay all the interest or principal currently due on all our Consolidated obligations. The Finance Agency, at its discretion, may require any FHLBank to make principal or interest payments due on any Consolidated obligations. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Finance Agency regulations also state that the FHLBanks must maintain, free from any lien or pledge, the following types of assets in an amount at least equal to the amount of Consolidated obligations outstanding: Cash; Obligations of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States; Secured advances; Mortgages that have any guaranty, insurance, or commitment from the United States or any agency of the United States; and investments described in section 16(a) of the FHLBank Act, including securities that a fiduciary or trust fund may purchase under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. Cash flows Cash and due from Banks was 27.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 21.7 million at December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents exclude short-term interest-bearing deposits, federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell. The following discussion highlights the major activities and transactions that affected our cash flows. Cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities Operating assets and liabilities support our lending activities to members, and can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of cash flows, which are affected by member-driven borrowing, our investment strategies, and market conditions. Management believes cash flows from operations, available cash balances and our ability to generate cash through the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes are sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs. Operating activities resulted in 2.3 billion in net cash inflows in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to inflows of 0.9 billion in the same period in the prior year. Period changes in cash flows provided by or used in operating activities were largely driven by: (a) Net income was 417.4 million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 265.5 million in the same period in 2021; (b) Derivatives and hedging activities provided 1.3 billion in cash flows in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.6 billion in cash flows in 2021; and (c) Positive adjustments to operating cash flows of 364.0 million to recognize unrealized valuation losses on U.S. Treasury securities at December 31, 2022, compared to 101.4 million in 2021. Cash flows provided by/(used in) investing activities Investing activities resulted in 55.9 billion in net cash outflows in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 28.6 billion in net cash inflows in 2021. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we acquired 4.8 billion of Treasury securities compared to 4.2 billion in 2021. Repayments from Treasury securities were 2.3 billion in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 10.0 billion in 2021. Net cash outflows from Securities purchased under agreements to resell were 3.0 billion in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash inflows of 3.5 billion in 2021. Cash flows provided by/(used in) financing activities Our primary source of funding is the issuance of Consolidated obligation debt. Issuance of capital stock is another source. Financing activities reported net cash inflows of 53.6 billion in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash outflows of 31.4 billion in 2021. For more information, see Statements of Cash Flows in the financial statements. Short-term Borrowings and Short-term Debt Our primary source of funds is the issuance of FHLBank debt. Consolidated obligation discount notes are issued with maturities up to one year and provide us with short-term funds. Discount notes are principally used in funding short-term advances, some long-term advances, as well as money market instruments. We also issue short-term Consolidated obligation bonds as part of our asset-liability management strategy. We may also borrow from another FHLBank, generally for a period of one day. Such borrowings have been historically insignificant. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Guarantees, and Other Commitments In accordance with regulations governing the operations of the FHLBanks, each FHLBank, including the FHLBNY, is jointly and severally liable for the FHLBank System s Consolidated obligations issued under sections 11(a) and 11(c) of the FHLBank Act. The joint and several liability regulations authorizes the Finance Agency to require any FHLBank to repay all or a portion of the principal or interest on Consolidated obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the FHLBNY engages in financial transactions that, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, are not recorded on the FHLBNY s balance sheet or may be recorded on the FHLBNY s balance sheet in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transactions. For example, the Bank routinely enters into commitments to purchase mortgage loans from PFIs, and issues standby letters of credit. These commitments may represent future cash requirements of the Bank, although the standby letters of credit usually expire without being drawn upon. For more information about contractual obligations and commitments, see financial statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingencies. Purchases of MBS . Finance Agency investment regulations limit the purchase of mortgage-backed securities to 300 of capital. We were in compliance with the regulation at all times. Table 9.4 FHFA MBS Limits 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Actual Limits Actual Limits Mortgage securities investment authority 188 300 226 300 The Finance Agency has established a ratio by which the Finance Agency will assess each FHLBank s core mission achievement. Core mission achievement is determined using a ratio of primary mission assets, which include advances and acquired member assets (mortgage loans acquired from members), to Consolidated obligations. The ratio will be determined at each year-end and will be calculated using annual average par values. Table 9.5 Core Mission Achievement 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Par Values (dollars in thousands) Annual Average Annual Average Advances 83,643,225 79,980,274 Mortgage Loans 2,155,287 2,526,429 Total Primary Mission Assets 85,798,512 82,506,703 Total Consolidated Obligations 114,722,063 110,236,201 U.S. Treasury obligations qualifying as HQLA under AB 2018-07 (a) 7,210,995 6,946,263 Core Mission Achievement Ratio 80 80 Target Ratio 70 70 

 (a) The annual average par value of the U.S. Treasury Securities that are held as Trading securities is deducted from the denominator of the Primary Core Mission Asset ratio, as allowed under the FHFA guidelines. 
 Operational Risk Management Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, or human factors, or from external events. Operational risk is inherent in our business activities and, as with other risk types, is managed through an overall framework designed to balance strong management oversight with well-defined independent risk management. This framework includes: policies and procedures for managing operational risks; recognized ownership of the risk by the business; a compliance group that evaluates compliance with board and regulatory policies, including the evaluation and reporting of operational risk incidents, which are regularly reported directly to the Audit Committee of the Bank s Board of Directors regarding compliance with policies and procedures, including those related to managing operational risks. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Information Security and Business Continuity . The Bank has an Information Security Department that is responsible for the policy, procedures, reviews, education, and management of the information security program. The Bank also has a department that is responsible for the overall business continuity program, which includes training, testing, coordination, and continual updates. Information security and the protection of confidential customer data, and business continuity are priorities for the FHLBNY, and we have implemented processes that will help secure confidential data and continuity of operations. The information security program is reviewed and enhanced periodically to address emerging threats to data integrity and cyber-attacks. The business continuity program includes annual testing of our capabilities. Results of business continuity testing and information security are routinely presented to senior management of the FHLBNY and its Board of Directors. The FHLBNY s Information Technology group maintains and regularly reviews controls to ensure that technology assets are well managed and secure from unauthorized access and in accordance with approved policies and procedures. Results of Operations The following section provides a comparative discussion of the FHLBNY s results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For a discussion of the critical accounting estimates used by the FHLBNY that affect the results of operations, see financial statements, Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Net Income Interest income from advances is the principal source of revenue. Other sources of revenue are interest income from investment debt securities, liquidity trading securities, mortgage loans in the MPF and MAP portfolio, securities purchased under agreements to resell and federal funds sold. Fair value gains and losses on liquidity trading securities and equity investments also impact Net income. The primary expense is interest paid on Consolidated obligation debt. Other expenses are Compensation and benefits, Operating expenses, our share of operating expenses of the Office of Finance and the FHFA, and affordable housing program assessments on Net income. Other significant factors affecting our Net income include the volume and timing of investments in mortgage-backed securities, prepayments of advances, charges due to debt repurchased, gains and losses from derivatives and hedging activities, and earnings from investing our shareholders capital. Summarized below are the principal components of Net income (in thousands): Table 10.1 Principal Components of Net Income 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total interest income 2,758,182 965,578 1,933,865 Total interest expense 2,124,455 424,981 1,180,909 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 633,727 540,597 752,956 Provision (Reversal) for credit losses (226) (5,528) 3,721 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 633,953 546,125 749,235 Total other income (loss) 29,049 (47,422) (50,819) Total other expenses 199,109 203,668 206,851 Income before assessments 463,893 295,035 491,565 Affordable Housing Program Assessments 46,517 29,514 49,180 Net income 417,376 265,521 442,385 Net Income 2022 Compared to 2021 Net income For the FHLBNY, Net income is Net interest income, minus Provision (Reversal) for credit losses, plus Other income (loss), less Other expenses and Assessments set aside for the FHLBNY s Affordable Housing Program. Net income was 417.4 million in 2022, an increase of 151.9 million, or 57.2 compared to 2021. Summarized below are the primary components of our Net income: 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Net interest income Net interest income was 633.7 million in 2022, an increase of 93.1 million, or 17.2 compared to 2021. Net interest spread was 39 basis points for 2022 compared to 43 basis points for 2021. For more information, see Table 10.2 Net Interest Income and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Other income (loss) Other income (loss) reported a gain of 29.0 million in 2022 compared to a loss of 47.4 million in 2021. Service fees and other were 17.3 million in 2022, slightly higher than 2021. Service fees and other are primarily fee revenues from financial letters of credit. Financial instruments carried at fair values reported net valuation gains of 207.0 million in 2022 compared to net gains of 22.5 million in 2021. For more information, see financial statements, Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments. Also see Table 10.8 Other Income (Loss) and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Derivative activities reported net gains of 182.0 million in Other income in 2022 compared to net gains of 4.4 million in 2021. For more information, see Table 10.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses and accompanying discussions in this MD A. U.S. Treasury Securities held for liquidity (classified as trading) reported net fair value losses of 364.0 million in 2022 compared to net fair value losses of 101.4 million in 2021. Equity Investments, held to finance payments to retirees in a non-qualified pension plan, reported net fair value losses of 15.4 million in 2022 compared to net gains of 9.8 million in 2021. 
 Other expenses were 199.1 million in 2022 compared to 203.7 million in 2021. Other expenses are primarily Operating expenses, Compensation and benefits, and our share of expenses of the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Operating expenses were 74.0 million in 2022, up from 69.9 million in 2021. Compensation and benefits expenses were 94.3 million in 2022 compared to 96.1 million in 2021. The expenses allocated for our share of the costs to operate the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency were 21.1 million in 2022 compared to 22.0 million in 2021. Other expenses were 9.7 million in 2022 compared to 15.7 million in 2021. 
 Affordable Housing Program Assessments (AHP) allocated from Net income were 46.5 million in 2022 compared to 29.5 million in 2021. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and changes in allocations were in tandem with changes in Net income. Net Income 2021 Compared to 2020 Net income in 2021 was 265.5 million, a decrease of 176.9 million, or 40.0 compared to 2020. Net interest income in 2021 was 540.6 million, a decrease of 212.4 million, or 28.2 compared to 2020. Net interest spread was 43 basis points in 2021, no change from 2020. For more information, see Table 10.2 Net Interest Income and accompanying discussions in this MD A. Other income (loss) Other income (loss) in 2021 was a loss of 47.4 million in 2021 compared to a loss of 50.8 million in 2020. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Other expenses were 203.7 million in 2021, compared to 206.9 million in 2020. Operating expenses were 69.9 million in 2021, slightly higher than 2020. Compensation and benefits were 96.1 million in 2021, down from 100.2 million in 2020 due to a decrease in headcount. The expenses allocated for our share of the costs to operate the Office of Finance and the Federal Housing Finance Agency were 22.0 million in 2021, compared to 19.4 million in 2020. Other expenses were 15.7 million in 2021 and 17.5 million in 2020. Other expenses included non-service elements of Net periodic pension benefit costs, and derivative clearing fees. AHP assessments allocated from Net income were 29.5 million in 2021, compared to 49.2 million in 2020. Net Interest Income, Interest Rate Margins and Interest Rate Spreads Net interest income is our principal source of Net income. It represents the difference between income on interest-earning assets and expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in Net interest income are typically driven by changes in the volume of earning assets, as measured by average balances of earning assets, and the impact of market interest rates on earnings assets and funding costs. Interest income and expense accruals on interest rate swaps that qualified under the ASC 815 hedge accounting rules may impact year-over-year changes. Shareholders capital stock and retained earnings are also factors that impact net interest income as they provide interest free funding. Earnings on capital typically move directly with changes in short-term market interest rates. In a period when members prepay advances, the prepayment fees, which we receive may cause fluctuations in net interest income. For more information about factors that impact Interest income and Interest expense, see Table 10.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps and discussions thereto. Also, see Table 10.4 Spread and Yield Analysis, and Table 10.5 Rate and Volume Analysis. The following table summarizes Net interest income (dollars in thousands): Table 10.2 Net Interest Income 

Percentage Percentage Years ended December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Total interest income (a) 2,758,182 965,578 1,933,865 185.65 (50.07) Total interest expense (a) 2,124,455 424,981 1,180,909 399.89 (64.01) Net interest income before provision for credit losses 633,727 540,597 752,956 17.23 (28.20) 

 (a) Total Interest Income and Total Interest Expense See Tables 10.6 and 10.7 and accompanying discussions 2022 net interest income, before loan loss provisions, was 633.7 million, an increase of 93.1 million, or 17.2 from 2021. Primary driver was increase in the average balances of interest earning assets, principally advances. Additionally, 3.4 million of prepayment fees were recorded in Net interest income in 2022 compared to 25.5 million in 2021. Interest rates continued to increase during the year, impacting our interest revenues and opportunities for acquiring investments during most of the year. Members demand for advances increased with the market volatility of 2022 as they experienced heightened deposit volatility, strong loan growth, and the need to enhance liquidity positions. Interest earning assets have been positively impacted by the Fed s acquisition program in the agency-issued mortgage-backed securities market that has driven down pricing and increased the opportunities for acquiring investments during the latter part of the year that would meet our risk/reward targets. Spreads increased on our investments in overnight Federal funds markets and repurchase programs, two principal investment vehicles for our balance sheet liquidity programs. We have increased our balance sheet inventory of U.S. Treasury securities held for liquidity. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 In 2022, margins between yields on assets, specifically overnight, short-term, and floating-rate investments and short-term and floating-rate advances, and the corresponding yields paid on funding those assets were higher than 2021. Net interest margin, a measure of margin efficiency, which is calculated as Net interest income divided by average earning assets, was 52 basis points in 2022, compared to 45 basis points in 2021. Net interest spread, representing the yield from earning assets minus interest paid on costing liabilities was 39 basis points for 2022 compared to 43 basis points for 2021. Stockholders capital (as measured by average outstanding balance in the period), which is typically deployed to fund short-term interest-earning assets, increased to 6.9 billion in 2022, up from 6.8 billion in 2021. Increase in Capital stock was in line with increase in advances in 2022 as borrowing members are required to purchase capital stock in proportion to amounts borrowed. Swap interest settlement designated in ASC 815 hedging of assets and liabilities recorded net expense of 146.2 million in 2022 compared to 316.3 million in 2021. Interest settlements are impacted by the net differential between fixed-rates associated with hedging swaps and the benchmark variable-rates associated with the swap s floating-leg. Net interest settlements on swaps hedging assets and liabilities under ASC 815 fluctuated as expected in line with changes in the benchmark rates; the hedging transactions achieved our interest rate risk management objectives. Impact of Qualifying Hedges on Net Interest Income The following table summarizes the impact of net interest adjustments from qualifying hedge interest-rate swaps (in thousands): Table 10.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 2,605,537 1,391,403 2,303,422 Fair value hedging effects 18,073 2,473 (401) Amortization of basis adjustment (321) (1,335) (557) Interest rate swap accruals 134,893 (426,963) (368,599) Reported interest income 2,758,182 965,578 1,933,865 Interest expense 1,868,771 545,486 1,255,874 Fair value hedging effects (18,747) (4,489) 763 Amortization of basis adjustment (6,667) (5,349) (5,626) Interest rate swap accruals 281,098 (110,667) (70,102) Reported interest expense 2,124,455 424,981 1,180,909 Net interest income 633,727 540,597 752,956 Net interest adjustment - interest rate swaps (103,039) (305,320) (294,592) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Spread and Yield Analysis 2022, 2021 and 2020 Table 10.4 Spread and Yield Analysis 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest Interest Interest Average Income/ Average Income/ Average Income/ (Dollars in thousands) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Balance Expense Yield/Rate (a) Earning Assets: Advances 82,747,277 1,915,358 2.31 80,794,903 483,216 0.60 109,116,805 1,166,745 1.07 Interest bearing deposits and others 2,364,070 51,848 2.19 1,377,228 1,202 0.09 1,483,314 3,615 0.24 Federal funds sold and other overnight funds 11,719,786 203,090 1.73 11,856,627 9,736 0.08 13,726,052 63,364 0.46 Investments Trading securities 7,430,460 93,581 1.26 7,521,868 96,911 1.29 13,336,034 221,780 1.66 Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 12,459,354 346,307 2.78 10,852,929 274,601 2.53 11,235,921 315,731 2.81 Floating 2,559,997 52,741 2.06 3,567,081 20,672 0.58 4,780,783 55,586 1.16 State and local housing finance agency obligations 1,235,338 29,197 2.36 1,086,109 7,805 0.72 1,111,139 15,047 1.35 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 2,187,999 65,832 3.01 2,562,159 71,434 2.79 3,122,825 91,964 2.94 Loans to other FHLBanks 13,712 228 1.67 822 1 0.12 2,049 33 1.61 Total interest-earning assets 122,717,993 2,758,182 2.25 119,619,726 965,578 0.81 157,914,922 1,933,865 1.22 Funded By: Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed 51,312,595 963,681 1.88 59,124,808 339,436 0.57 35,846,973 467,820 1.31 Floating 13,450,285 332,023 2.47 6,276,962 9,729 0.15 37,250,201 280,094 0.75 Consolidated obligation discount notes 48,685,391 812,455 1.67 45,425,040 75,283 0.17 74,759,309 428,864 0.57 Interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings 1,033,065 15,018 1.45 1,427,510 424 0.03 1,439,485 3,896 0.27 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 22,738 1,278 5.62 2,406 109 4.53 4,318 235 5.44 Total interest-bearing liabilities 114,504,074 2,124,455 1.86 112,256,726 424,981 0.38 149,300,286 1,180,909 0.79 Other non-interest-bearing funds 1,274,126 551,887 638,162 Capital 6,939,793 6,811,113 7,976,474 Total Funding 122,717,993 2,124,455 119,619,726 424,981 157,914,922 1,180,909 Net Interest Income/Spread 633,727 0.39 540,597 0.43 752,956 0.43 Net Interest Margin (Net interest income/Earning Assets) 0.52 0.45 0.48 

 (a) Reported yields with respect to advances and Consolidated obligations may not necessarily equal the coupons on the instruments as derivatives are extensively used to change the yield and optionality characteristics of the underlying hedged items. When we issue fixed-rate debt that is hedged with an interest rate swap, the hedge effectively converts the debt into a simple floating-rate bond. Similarly, we make fixed-rate advances to members and hedge the advances with a pay-fixed and receive-variable interest rate swap that effectively converts the fixed-rate asset to one that floats with the designated benchmark rate (LIBOR, Federal Funds-OIS or SOFR-OIS) in the hedging relationship. Average balance sheet information is presented, as it is more representative of activity throughout the periods presented. For most components of the average balances, a daily weighted average balance is calculated for the period. When daily weighted average balance information is not available, a simple monthly average balance is calculated. Average yields are derived by dividing income by the average balances of the related assets, and average costs are derived by dividing expenses by the average balances of the related liabilities. 

 80 

Table of Contents 
 Rate and Volume Analysis 2022, 2021 and 2020 The Rate and Volume Analysis presents changes in interest income, interest expense and net interest income that are due to changes in both interest rates and the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and their impact on interest income and interest expense (in thousands): Table 10.5 Rate and Volume Analysis 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 Increase (Decrease) Volume Rate Total Interest Income Advances 11,957 1,420,185 1,432,142 Interest bearing deposits and others 1,462 49,184 50,646 Federal funds sold and other overnight funds (114) 193,468 193,354 Investments Trading securities (1,168) (2,162) (3,330) Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 43,051 28,655 71,706 Floating (7,320) 39,389 32,069 State and local housing finance agency obligations 1,211 20,181 21,392 Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio (10,966) 5,364 (5,602) Loans to other FHLBanks 126 101 227 Total interest income 38,239 1,754,365 1,792,604 Interest Expense Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed (50,450) 674,695 624,245 Floating 22,921 299,373 322,294 Consolidated obligation discount notes 5,788 731,384 737,172 Deposits and borrowings (149) 14,743 14,594 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 1,137 32 1,169 Total interest expense (20,753) 1,720,227 1,699,474 Changes in Net Interest Income 58,992 34,138 93,130 
 81 

Table of Contents 

For the years ended December 31, 2021 vs. December 31, 2020 Increase (Decrease) Volume Rate Total Interest Income Advances (253,370) (430,159) (683,529) Interest bearing deposits and others (242) (2,171) (2,413) Federal funds sold and other overnight funds (7,621) (46,007) (53,628) Investments Trading securities (82,329) (42,540) (124,869) Mortgage-backed securities Fixed (10,490) (30,640) (41,130) Floating (11,733) (23,181) (34,914) State and local housing finance agency obligations (332) (6,910) (7,242) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio (15,834) (4,696) (20,530) Loans to other FHLBanks (13) (19) (32) Total interest income (381,964) (586,323) (968,287) Interest Expense Consolidated obligation bonds Fixed 212,432 (340,816) (128,384) Floating (138,312) (132,053) (270,365) Consolidated obligation discount notes (125,729) (227,852) (353,581) Deposits and borrowings (32) (3,440) (3,472) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (91) (35) (126) Total interest expense (51,732) (704,196) (755,928) Changes in Net Interest Income (330,232) 117,873 (212,359) Interest Income Interest income from advances is our principal source of interest income. We also earn interest income from an asset mix of long-term assets, such as fixed-rate advances, long-term fixed- and floating-rate investments, long-term 15-year and 30-year mortgage loans, and revenues generated from portfolios of overnight and short-term assets and U.S. Treasury securities held for liquidity. Reported interest income also includes prepayments fees, primarily fees recorded when advances are prepaid ahead of their contractual maturities. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The principal categories of Interest Income are summarized below (dollars in thousands): Table 10.6 Interest Income Principal Sources 

Percentage Percentage Years ended December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Interest Income Advances 1,915,358 483,216 1,166,745 296.38 (58.58) Interest-bearing deposits 51,848 1,202 3,615 NM (66.75) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 2,542 487 28,573 421.97 (98.30) Federal funds sold 200,548 9,249 34,791 NM (73.42) Trading securities 93,581 96,911 221,780 (3.44) (56.30) Mortgage-backed securities Fixed 346,307 274,601 315,731 26.11 (13.03) Floating 52,741 20,672 55,586 155.13 (62.81) State and local housing finance agency obligations 29,197 7,805 15,047 274.08 (48.13) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio 65,832 71,434 91,964 (7.84) (22.32) Loans to other FHLBanks 228 1 33 NM (96.97) Total interest income 2,758,182 965,578 1,933,865 185.65 (50.07) NM Not meaningful. Interest Income Interest income in 2022 was 2.8 billion, an increase of 1.8 billion, or 185.7 compared to 2021. To provide context, interest expense increased by 399.9 compared to 2021. Interest revenues earned from higher balance sheet earning assets (primarily the increase in volume of advance business) made a favorable revenue increase of 38.2 million and yield (rate) related revenue increase of 1.8 billion. In successive 2022 quarters, we have reported increased interest revenues: first quarter revenue was 222.4 million; second quarter was 386.3 million; third and fourth quarter revenues were 806.4 million and 1.3 billion, respectively. Aggregate yield earned on earning assets in 2022 was 225 basis points, compared to 81 basis points in 2021, illustrating the impact to our yields due to the dramatic and rapid increase in rates triggered by Federal Reserve s accommodative fiscal relief measures in 2021. The more significant revenue categories are discussed below. For information about the effects of changes in rates and business volume, see Table 10.4 Spread and Yield Analysis and Table 10.5 Rate and Volume analysis. Advance Interest income from advances increased by 296.4 in 2022, compared to 2021. Advances average balances were 82.7 billion in 2022, compared to 80.8 billion in 2021. Total advance to members increased 43.8 billion or 61.2 to 115.3 billion at December 31, 2022. We ended the year of 2022 with par advances at 116.9 billion. As compared to 2021, higher advances balances in 2022 resulted in a favorable impact of 12.0 million on interest income from advances, and higher market rates resulted in a favorable impact of 1.4 billion, for a total increase year-over-year of 1.4 billion in advances interest income. In summary, inclining market interest rates positively impacted yields earned from advances, primarily on overnight and short-term advances and variable-rate advances that reset to higher rates. Advances yielded 231 basis points in 2022, up from 60 basis points in 2021. Prepayment fee recorded in Interest income from advances was 2.4 million in 2022, down from 21.5 million in 2021. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity Investments Money Market Investments and U.S. Treasury Securities We derive interest income from inventorying highly-liquid portfolios of investments to meet liquidity regulatory requirements. Higher interest income from overnight invested funds, specifically federal funds sold and repurchase agreements was due to increase in market yields in 2022 compared to 2021. Investments in federal funds and repurchase agreements yielded 173 basis points in aggregate in 2022, compared to 8 basis points in 2021. Interest income from fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities was 93.6 million in 2022, down from 96.9 million in 2021 due to lower average invested balances; yields declined to 126 basis points, compared to 129 basis points in 2021. The liquidity trading portfolio is comprised primarily of medium-term, highly liquid fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities that are available to enhance and meet our liquidity objectives. Securities are not acquired for speculative purpose. The earnings impact due to changes in market values of the securities outstanding (unrealized gains and losses) and realized gains and losses on securities sold are recorded in Other income (below the margin) and are noted in Table 10.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income, and discussions thereto. Fixed-rate treasury securities are hedged under economic hedges utilizing swap contracts to synthetically convert fixed cash flows to variable cash flows. The interest settlements on the swaps and changes in the fair values of the swap contracts are recorded in Other income (below the margin); our accounting policies require us to record in Other income the cash flows and fair values on hedging that do not qualify under ASC 815 hedging (economic hedges). Mortgage-backed-securities Interest income from floating-rate MBS increased by 155.1 year-over-year in line with higher interest rates. By policy, no floating-rate LIBOR-indexed MBS were acquired, a decision driven by our goal to reduce our inventory of LIBOR-indexed instruments. We will seek to purchase GSE-issued floating-rate SOFR-indexed MBS at appropriate risk-return levels. Interest income from fixed-rate MBS increased in 2022 relative to 2021 due to an increase in invested balances and higher aggregate yield, which was 278 basis points in 2022, up from 253 basis points in 2021. Transaction volume of fixed-rate MBS, as measured by average outstanding balance was 12.5 billion in 2022, compared to 10.9 billion in 2021. In 2022, our acquisitions were primarily fixed-rate commercial-mortgage backed securities (CMBS). We utilized the swap market to synthetically create variable-rate cash flows indexed to SOFR and Federal funds applying ASC 815 fair value accounting hedge treatment. The impact to interest income from changes in the ASC 815 hedging recorded a net gain of 8.0 million in 2022, compared to a net loss of 17.5 million in 2021. Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio Interest income from mortgage loans was 65.8 million in 2022, compared to 71.4 million in 2021. Investment volume has declined, with paydowns exceeding acquisitions. MPF loans are primarily 15 and 30-year conventional loans. The portfolio averaged 2.2 billion, yielding 301 basis points in 2022, compared to 279 basis points in 2021. We continue to see prepayments although the pace of which has slowed, causing accelerated amortization of premiums, specifically on 20-year and 30-year high-balance mortgage loans. Net amortization expense was 5.3 million in 2022, compared to net amortization of 12.3 million in 2021. The Bank s portfolio is largely at a premium price and amortization is sensitive to changes in prepayment speeds particularly in a volatile interest rate environment. The Bank does not hedge mortgage loans in an ASC 815 hedge or an economic hedge. As noted in the audited financial statements under Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we implemented a new mortgage program, the Mortgage Asset Program (MAP) in late March 2021. At December 31, 2022, mortgage loans under MAP were 221.1 million (par amounts). Effective March 31, 2021, we ceased to accept mortgage commitments to purchase loans under the MPF program; the MAP became our alternative to MPF. The outstanding MPF portfolio will continue to be serviced, managed under its existing contractual agreements. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense Our primary source of funding is the issuance of Consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes to investors in the global debt markets issued through the Office of Finance, the FHLBank s fiscal agent. Consolidated obligation bonds are generally medium- and long-term bonds, while Consolidated obligation discount notes are short-term instruments. To fund our assets, our management considers our interest rate risk and liquidity requirements in conjunction with consolidated obligation buyers preferences and capital market conditions when determining the characteristics of debt to be issued. Typically, we have used fixed-rate callable and non-callable CO bonds to fund mortgage-related assets and advances. CO discount notes are generally issued to fund advances and investments with shorter interest rate reset characteristics. Changes in bond market rates, changes in intermediation volume (average interest-costing liabilities and interest-earning assets), the mix of debt issuances between CO bonds and CO discount notes, and the impact of hedging strategies are the primary factors that drive period-over-period changes in interest expense. Derivative strategies are used to manage the interest rate risk inherent in fixed-rate debt. We execute our strategies by converting the fixed-rate funding to floating-rate debt using swap contracts indexed to a risk-free benchmark interest rate. Our adopted hedging benchmarks are SOFR-OIS, LIBOR and Federal Funds-OIS. We are transitioning away from LIBOR to SOFR-OIS benchmark in line with an industry-wide transition effort. For ASC 815 qualifying hedges of debt, swap interest settlements and fair value gains and losses are recorded in interest expense together with the interest expense accrued on the hedged CO debt. The principal categories of Interest expense are summarized below (dollars in thousands): Table 10.7 Interest Expenses Principal Categories 

Percentage Percentage Years ended December 31, Change Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Interest Expense Consolidated obligations bonds Fixed 963,681 339,436 467,820 183.91 (27.44) Floating 332,023 9,729 280,094 NM (96.53) Consolidated obligations discount notes 812,455 75,283 428,864 979.20 (82.45) Deposits 13,765 380 3,768 NM (89.92) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 1,278 109 235 NM (53.62) Cash collateral held and other borrowings 1,253 44 128 NM (65.63) Total interest expense 2,124,455 424,981 1,180,909 399.89 (64.01) NM Not meaningful. Interest expense in 2022 was 2.1 billion, an increase of 399.9 compared to 2021 (As noted elsewhere in this document, interest income increased by 185.7 compared to 2021). The increase in interest expense was driven by higher market interest rates in 2022 as compared with 2021, and also by higher average balances of short-term Consolidated obligations outstanding. Rate-related increase in funding expense was 1.7 billion, in line with the dramatic increase in rates in the bond markets; volume-related decline in funding expense was 20.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Aggregate yield paid on total funding in 2022 was 186 basis points, compared to 38 basis points in 2021. We continue to make changes to our liability composition as compared to 2021. In 2022, 41.8 of average earning assets were funded by fixed-rate CO bonds and 11.0 were funded by floating-rate CO bonds. In 2021, fixed-rate CO bonds funded 49.4 of earning assets and floating-rate CO bonds funded 5.2 of earning assets. The usage of CO discount notes has increased slightly to 39.7 in 2022 from 38.0 in 2021. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Hedging strategies under ASC 815 have remained effective and are operating as designed, although in preparation for the market transition away from LIBOR, we have increased the use of SOFR-OIS as the alternative hedging benchmarks. For more information, see Table 10.3 Net Interest Adjustments from Qualifying Hedge Interest Rate Swaps. Allowance for Credit Losses 2022, 2021 and 2020 Allowance for credit losses recorded on mortgage-loans in the Statements of Condition was 1.9 million at December 31, 2022, 2.1 million at December 31, 2021, and 7.1 million at December 31, 2020. Allowance for credit losses recorded on investments was 0.3 million at December 31, 2022, 0.3 million at December 31, 2021, and 1.0 million at December 31, 2020. No allowance was necessary on advances, other assets, and commitments. Analysis of Non-Interest Income (Loss) 2022, 2021 and 20 20 The principal components of Non-interest income (loss) are summarized below (in thousands): Table 10.8 Other Income (Loss) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Other income (loss): Service fees and other (a) 17,336 17,304 17,924 Instruments held under the fair value option gains (losses) (b) 206,998 22,471 123 Derivative gains (losses) (c) 181,959 4,424 (151,709) Trading securities gains (losses) (d) (363,973) (101,423) 72,826 Equity investments gains (losses) (e) (15,374) 9,769 9,792 Litigation settlement 2,202 33 225 Losses from extinguishment of debt (99) Total other income (loss) 29,049 (47,422) (50,819) 

 (a) Service fees and other, net Service fees are from providing correspondent banking services to members, primarily fees earned on standby financial letters of credit. Letters of credit are generally issued on behalf of members to units of state and local governments to collateralize their deposits at member banks. Fee income earned on financial letters of credit were 15.8 million in 2022 compared to 17.6 million in 2021 and 19.0 million in 2020. Immaterial amounts of fees paid, and other expenses were included in reported revenues. (b) FVO Instruments Net fair value gains and losses represented changes in fair values of CO bonds and discount notes elected under the FVO. For more information, see Fair Value Option Disclosures in Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments in this Form 10-Q. (c) See Table 10.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses. (d) See Table 10.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income. (e) Fair value gains (losses) on Equity investments The grantor trust invests in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds, and funds are classified as equity investments. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available and investments are redeemable at short notice. NAVs are the fair values of the funds in the grantor trust. Gains and losses are typically unrealized, and primarily represent changes in portfolio valuations. The grantor trust is owned by the FHLBNY with the objective of providing liquidity to pay for pension benefits to retirees vested in retirement plans. 

 86 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes unrealized and realized gains (losses) in the trading portfolio (in thousands): Table 10.9 Net Gains (Losses) on Trading Securities Recorded in the Statements of Income 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net unrealized gains (losses) on trading securities held at period-end (359,146) (101,423) 34,527 Net realized gains (losses) on trading securities sold/matured during the period (4,827) 38,299 Net gains (losses) on trading securities (363,973) (101,423) 72,826 We have invested in short- and medium-term fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities. The securities are not held for speculative trading, rather held to satisfy liquidity requirements. Fluctuations in valuations are a factor of market demand and market yields of fixed-rate U.S. Treasury securities . Securities classified as trading are carried at fair values. Changes in unrealized fair values and realized gains (losses) are recorded in the Statements of Income as Other income. FHFA regulations prohibit trading in or the speculative use of financial instruments. Notional amounts of securities were higher in the current year period, 7.7 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 5.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Other income (loss) Derivatives and Hedging Activities 2022, 2021 and 2020 For derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge relationship (i.e. in an economic hedge), the derivatives are considered as a standalone instrument and fair value changes are recorded in Other income (loss), without the offset of valuation of a hedged item. Gains and losses recorded in Other income (loss) on standalone derivatives include net interest accruals. The table presents fair value changes of derivatives in economic hedges (i.e. not in an ASC 815 qualifying hedge) in Other income (loss): Table 10.10 Other Income (Loss) Impact of Derivative Gains and Losses (in thousands) 

Impact on Other Income (Loss) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps (a) 356,638 85,283 (64,012) Caps or floors 294 93 (6) Mortgage delivery commitments (1,404) (424) 1,693 Swaps economically hedging instruments designated under FVO (b) (203,226) (19,541) 3,945 Accrued interest on derivatives in economic hedging relationships (c) 29,737 (61,013) (93,691) Net gains (losses) related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 182,039 4,398 (152,071) Price alignment interest paid on variation margin (80) 26 362 Net gains (losses) on derivatives and hedging activities 181,959 4,424 (151,709) 

 Derivative gains and losses in the table above include both realized and unrealized fair value net gains and losses. Also includes swap interest settlements on derivatives designated as standalone hedging instruments. (a) Represents fair value changes recorded in Other income, primarily interest rate swaps in economic hedges of U.S. Treasury fixed-rate securities recorded fair value gains of 366.8 million and 98.7 million in 2022 and 2021, compared to fair value losses of 80.7 million in 2020. The swaps are structured to mitigate the volatility of price changes of the liquidity portfolio of fixed-rate U.S. Treasury notes. (b) Represents fair value changes recorded in Other income on interest rate swaps hedging CO debt elected under the FVO. (c) Represents impact to Other income due to net interest settlements on standalone swap contracts. Net interest settlements are the interest accruals on swaps primarily in economic hedges of U.S. Treasury securities, debt and advances, and economic hedges of instruments elected under the FVO. 

 87 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses, Compensation and Benefits, and Other Expenses 2022, 2021 and 20 20 The following table sets forth the major categories of operating expenses (dollars in thousands): Table 10.11 Operating Expenses, and Compensation and Benefits 

Years ended December 31, Percentage of Percentage of Percentage of 2022 Total 2021 Total 2020 Total Operating Expenses (a) Occupancy 8,765 11.84 8,760 12.53 9,510 13.62 Depreciation and leasehold amortization 17,559 23.72 13,117 18.76 10,669 15.29 All others (b) 47,700 64.44 48,036 68.71 49,627 71.09 Total Operating Expenses 74,024 100.00 69,913 100.00 69,806 100.00 Total Compensation and Benefits 94,282 96,100 100,200 Finance Agency and Office of Finance (c) 21,068 21,979 19,392 Other expenses (d) 9,735 15,676 17,453 

 (a) Operating expenses included the administrative and overhead costs of operating the FHLBNY, as well as the operating costs of providing advances and managing collateral associated with the advances, managing the investment portfolios, and providing correspondent banking services to members. (b) The category All others included temporary workers, computer service agreements, contractual services, professional and legal fees, audit fees, director fees and expenses, insurance, and telecommunications. (c) We are also assessed for our share of the operating expenses for the Finance Agency and the Office of Finance. The FHLBanks and two other GSEs share the entire cost of the Finance Agency. Expenses are allocated by the Finance Agency and the Office of Finance. (d) The category Other expenses included the non-service elements of Net periodic pension benefit costs, and derivative clearing fees. 
 Assessments 2022, 2021 and 2020 For more information about assessments, see Affordable Housing Program and Other Mission Related Programs and Assessments under Part I Item 1 Business in this Form 10-K. The following table provides roll forward information with respect to changes in Affordable Housing Program liabilities (in thousands): Table 11.1 Affordable Housing Program Liabilities 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Beginning balance 137,638 148,827 153,894 Additions from current period s assessments 46,517 29,514 49,180 Net disbursements for grants and programs (52,761) (40,703) (54,247) Ending balance 131,394 137,638 148,827 AHP assessments allocated from net income totaled 46.5 million in 2022, 29.5 million in 2021 and 49.2 million in 2020. Assessments are calculated as a percentage of Net income, and the changes in allocations were in tandem with changes in Net income. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Market Risk Management . Market risk or interest rate risk (IRR) is the risk of change to market value or future earnings due to a change in the interest rate environment. IRR arises from the Banks operation due to maturity mismatches between interest rate sensitive cash-flows of assets and liabilities. As the maturity mismatch increases so does the level of IRR. The Bank has opted to retain a modest level of IRR which allows for the preservation of capital value while generating steady and predictable income. Accordingly, the balance sheet consists of predominantly short-term instruments and assets and liabilities synthetically swapped to floating-rate indices. A conservative and limited maturity gap profile of asset and liability positions protect our capital from changes in value arising from a volatile interest rate environment. The desired risk profile is primarily affected by the use of interest rate exchange agreements (Swaps) which the Bank uses to match asset and liability index exposure. Historically the index concentration was 1- or 3-month LIBOR driven; however, as the Bank strategizes to address LIBOR cessation, SOFR has become the dominant index utilized by the Bank. Index matching allows for a relatively steady income that changes in concert with prevailing interest rate changes to maintain a spread to short-term rates. Although the Bank maintains a conservative IRR profile, income variability does arise from structural aspects in our portfolio including: embedded prepayment rights, basis risk on asset and liability positions, yield curve risk, liquidity risk and funding risk. These varied risks are controlled by monitoring IRR measures including re-pricing gaps, duration of equity (DOE), value at risk (VaR), net interest income (NII) at risk, key rate durations (KRD) and forecasted dividend rate sensitivities. Risk Measurements. Our Risk Management Policy assigns comprehensive risk limits which we calculate on a regular basis. The below limits were established in 2021 based on an anticipated market condition for 2022. The current risk limits are as follows: The option-adjusted DOE is limited to a range of +4.0 years to -5.0 years in the rates unchanged case, and to a range of +/-5.0 years in the +/-200bps shock cases. The one-year cumulative re-pricing gap is limited to 10 percent of total assets. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -17.5 percent change under the +200bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -30 percent change under the -50bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. This metric measures the Bank s sensitivity of earnings to changes in the level of rates along the yield curve and allowed for negative rates. The potential decline in the market value of equity (MVE) is limited to a 10 percent change under the +/-200bps shocks. KRD exposure at any of nine term points (3-month, 1-year, 2-year, 3-year, 5-year, 7-year, 10-year, 15-year, and 30-year) is limited to between +/-20 months through the 3-year term point and a cumulative limit of +/-30 months from the 5-year through 30-year term points specific to the investment portfolio. Both of these quarterly observations are well within their limits. 
 Our portfolio, including derivatives, is tracked and the overall mismatch net of derivatives between assets and liabilities is summarized by using a DOE measure. Our last five quarterly DOE results are shown in years in the table below: 

Base Case DOE -200bps DOE -100bps DOE +200bps DOE December 31, 2022 (0.20) (0.77) (0.49) 0.35 September 30, 2022 (0.04) (0.78) (0.45) 0.56 June 30, 2022 (0.43) (1.18) (1.02) 0.41 March 31, 2022 (0.62) (0.38) (1.31) 0.52 December 31, 2021 (1.58) 1.94 (1.50) 0.09 The DOE has remained within policy limits. During the extreme low rate environment of 2020-2021, the -100/200bps scenarios imposed a near zero rate condition and produced results that Bank management did not consider meaningful. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Duration indicates any cumulative re-pricing/maturity imbalance in the portfolio s financial assets and liabilities. Duration of Equity (DOE) is the Market Value of Equity s (MVE) sensitivity to a change in the level of interest rates expressed in years. MVE is calculated as market value of assets minus market value of liabilities. A positive DOE indicates a decrease to MVE if interest rates go higher, a negative DOE indicates a decrease to MVE if interest rates go lower. We measure DOE using software that generates a full revaluation incorporating optionality within our portfolio using well-known and tested financial pricing theoretical models. The DOE calculation also incorporates non-interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities. We do not solely rely on the DOE measure as a mismatch measure between assets and liabilities. We analyze open key rate duration exposure across maturity buckets while also performing a more traditional gap measure that subtracts re-pricing/maturing liabilities from re-pricing/maturing assets over time. We observe the differences over various horizons and have set a 10 percent limit on asset on cumulative re-pricings at the one-year point. This quarterly observation of the one-year cumulative re-pricing gap is provided in the table below and all values are below 10 percent of assets, well within the limit: 

One Year Re-pricing Gap December 31, 2022 7.026 Billion September 30, 2022 5.987 Billion June 30, 2022 5.435 Billion March 31, 2022 4.858 Billion December 31, 2021 4.563 Billion Our review of potential interest rate risk issues also includes the effect of changes in interest rates on expected net income. We project asset and liability volumes and spreads over a one-year horizon and then simulate expected income and expenses from those volumes and other inputs. The effects of changes in interest rates are generated to measure the Bank s net interest income sensitivity over the coming 12-month period. To measure the effect, a parallel shift of +200bps is calculated and compared against the forward rate scenario and subjected to a -17.5 percent limit. The sensitivity of expected net interest income over a one-year period is limited to a -30 percent change under the -50bps shock compared to the rates in the forward rate scenario. Given the rising rate environment, the Bank will be generating income sensitivity to larger down rate scenarios. 

Sensitivity in Sensitivity in Sensitivity in the -200bps the -100bps the +200bps Shock Shock Shock December 31, 2022 0.25 0.36 (1.81) September 30, 2022 (0.52) 0.17 0.59 June 30, 2022 N/A N/A (3.96) March 31, 2022 N/A N/A (6.39) December 31, 2021 N/A N/A 10.07 Aside from net interest income, the other significant impact on changes in the interest rate environment is the potential impact on the value of the portfolio. These calculated and quoted market values are estimated based upon their financial attributes (including optionality) and then re-estimated under the assumption that interest rates suddenly rise or fall by 200bps. The worst effect, whether it is the up or the down shock, is compared to the internal limit of 10 percent. In low rate environments, management believes that the reported metrics below are less meaningful because the model establishes a hard floor for the rate at near zero. The quarterly potential maximum decline in the MVE under these 200bps shocks is provided below: 

-200bps Change -100bps Change +200bps Change in MVE in MVE in MVE December 31, 2022 (1.18) (0.45) 0.01 September 30, 2022 (0.93) (0.26) (0.54) June 30, 2022 (1.85) (0.74) (0.12) March 31, 2022 (1.48) (0.84) 0.03 December 31, 2021 1.48 (1.49) 1.19 As noted, the potential declines under these shocks are within our limits of a maximum 10 percent. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables display the portfolio s maturity/re-pricing gaps (in millions): 

Interest Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2022 More Than More Than More Than Six Months Six Months to One Year to Three Years to More Than or Less One Year Three Years Five Years Five Years Interest-earning assets: Non-MBS investments 16,871 104 377 305 1,227 MBS investments 2,697 261 1,867 2,775 8,374 Swaps hedging MBS 4,263 (50) (4,213) Adjustable-rate loans and advances 26,505 Net investments, adjustable rate loans and advances 50,336 365 2,244 3,030 5,388 Liquidity trading portfolio 2,526 400 495 2,189 1,877 Swaps hedging investments 5,151 (400) (500) (2,351) (1,900) Net liquidity trading portfolio 7,677 (5) (162) (23) Fixed-rate loans and advances 56,062 5,400 14,411 7,954 6,597 Swaps hedging fixed-rate advances 32,878 (4,662) (13,797) (7,842) (6,577) Net fixed-rate loans and advances 88,940 738 614 112 20 Total interest-earning assets 146,953 1,103 2,853 2,980 5,385 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 1,016 Discount notes 58,832 3,000 Swaps hedging discount notes 785 (2,393) 241 782 585 Net discount notes 59,617 607 241 782 585 Consolidated Obligation Bonds FHLBank bonds 38,992 5,987 21,578 14,896 6,282 Swaps hedging bonds 39,779 (4,968) (19,426) (13,000) (2,385) Net FHLBank bonds 78,771 1,019 2,152 1,896 3,897 Total interest-bearing liabilities 139,404 1,626 2,393 2,678 4,482 Post hedge gaps (a) : Periodic gap 7,549 (523) 460 302 903 Cumulative gaps 7,549 7,026 7,486 7,788 8,691 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Interest Rate Sensitivity December 31, 2021 More Than More Than More Than Six Months Six Months to One Year to Three Years to More Than or Less One Year Three Years Five Years Five Years Interest-earning assets: Non-MBS investments 10,525 192 518 351 1,042 MBS investments 3,283 602 1,609 2,107 6,977 Swaps hedging MBS 2,859 (50) (2,809) Adjustable-rate loans and advances 7,470 Net investments, adjustable rate loans and advances 24,137 794 2,127 2,408 5,210 Liquidity trading portfolio 1,154 1,358 1,499 1,824 Swaps hedging investments 4,696 (1,350) (1,500) (1,846) Net liquidity trading portfolio 5,850 8 (1) (22) Fixed-rate loans and advances 30,222 3,126 13,850 6,001 10,546 Swaps hedging fixed-rate advances 31,323 (2,732) (12,333) (5,733) (10,525) Net fixed-rate loans and advances 61,545 394 1,517 268 21 Total interest-earning assets 91,532 1,196 3,643 2,676 5,209 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 1,283 Discount notes 39,887 2,310 Swaps hedging discount notes 702 (2,310) 90 550 968 Net discount notes 40,589 90 550 968 Consolidated Obligation Bonds FHLBank bonds 16,390 5,115 12,364 13,978 6,926 Swaps hedging bonds 28,360 (3,572) (9,179) (12,287) (3,322) Net FHLBank bonds 44,750 1,543 3,185 1,691 3,604 Total interest-bearing liabilities 86,622 1,543 3,275 2,241 4,572 Post hedge gaps (a) : Periodic gap 4,910 (347) 368 435 637 Cumulative gaps 4,910 4,563 4,931 5,366 6,003 

 (a) Re-pricing gaps are estimated at the scheduled rate reset dates for floating rate instruments, and at maturity for fixed rate instruments. For callable instruments, the re-pricing period is estimated by the earlier of the estimated call date under the current interest rate environment or the instrument s contractual maturity. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements. 

PAGE Financial Statements Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 94 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 95 Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 97 Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 98 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 99 Statements of Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 100 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 101 Notes to Financial Statements 103 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Bank is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Bank s internal control over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of, the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Bank s management assessed the effectiveness of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its assessment, management of the Bank determined that as of December 31, 2022, the Bank s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Bank s independent registered public accounting firm that audited the accompanying Financial Statements has also issued an audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears on the following page. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying statements of condition of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, of comprehensive income, of capital and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of Interest-Rate Derivatives and Hedged Items As described in Notes 17 and 18 to the financial statements, the Company uses derivatives to manage its interest rate exposure. The total notional amount of derivatives as of December 31, 2022 was 174 billion, of which 71 were designated as hedging instruments, and the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was 164 million and 15 million, respectively. The fair values of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items are primarily estimated using a discounted cash-flow model. The discounted cash-flow model uses market observable inputs such as interest rate curves, volatility, and, if applicable, prepayment assumptions. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in evaluating the interest rate curves, volatility, and, if applicable, prepayment assumptions used to fair value these derivatives and hedged items, and the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items, including controls over the model, data and assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed ranges. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing the interest rate curves, volatility, and, if applicable, prepayment assumptions. /s/ March 17, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1990. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Condition (In Thousands, Except Par Value of Capital Stock) As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks (Note 3) Interest-bearing deposits (Note 4) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Note 4) Federal funds sold (Note 4) Trading securities (Note 5) (Includes pledged as collateral at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) Equity Investments (Note 6) Available-for-sale securities, amortized cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (Note 7) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (Note 8) (Includes pledged as collateral at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) Advances (Note 9) (Includes at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 at fair value under the fair value option) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (Note 10) Accrued interest receivable Premises, software, and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 19) Derivative assets (Note 17) Other assets Total assets Liabilities and capital Liabilities Deposits (Note 11) Interest-bearing demand Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits Consolidated obligations, net (Note 12) Bonds (Includes at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 at fair value under the fair value option) Discount notes (Includes at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 at fair value under the fair value option) Total consolidated obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (Note 14) Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program (Note 13) Derivative liabilities (Note 17) Other liabilities Operating lease liabilities (Note 19) Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 14, 17 and 19) Capital (Note 14) Capital stock par value), putable, issued and outstanding shares: at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 Retained earnings Unrestricted Restricted (Note 14) Total retained earnings Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total capital Total liabilities and capital The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Income (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data) Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Advances, net (Note 9) Interest-bearing deposits (Note 4) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (Note 4) Federal funds sold (Note 4) Trading securities (Note 5) Available-for-sale securities (Note 7) Held-to-maturity securities (Note 8) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio (Note 10) Loans to other FHLBanks (Note 20) Total interest income Interest expense Consolidated obligation bonds (Note 12) Consolidated obligation discount notes (Note 12) Deposits (Note 11) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (Note 14) Cash collateral held and other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision (Reversal) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Other income (loss) Service fees and other Instruments held under the fair value option gains (losses) (Note 18) Derivative gains (losses) (Note 17) ) Trading securities gains (losses) (Note 5) ) ) Equity investments gains (losses) (Note 6) ) Litigation settlement Losses from extinguishment of debt ) Total other income (loss) ) ) Other expenses Operating Compensation and benefits Finance Agency and Office of Finance Other expenses Total other expenses Income before assessments Affordable Housing Program Assessments (Note 13) Net income Basic earnings per share (Note 15) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Comprehensive Income (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive income (loss) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Net change in non-credit accretion portion of held-to-maturity securities Non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairment gains (losses) Reclassification of non-credit portion included in net income Accretion of non-credit portion Total net change in non-credit portion of other-than-temporary impairment losses on held-to-maturity securities Net change due to hedging activities Cash flow hedges (a) ) Fair value hedges (b) ) Total net change due to hedging activities ) Net change in pension and postretirement benefits ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) 

 (a) (b) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Capital (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data) Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Accumulated Capital Stock (a) Other Class B Retained Earnings Comprehensive Total Shares Par Value Unrestricted Restricted Total Income (Loss) Capital Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect adjustment (b) ) ) ) Recovery of prior capital distribution (c) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Balance, December 31, 2021 Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends per share) on capital stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 

 (a) (b) million at the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020. (c) million, which represented the FHLBNY s share of recovery of prior cash distribution to Financing Corporation (FICO), an entity established by Congress in 1987 was dissolved and surplus funds distributed to the 11 FHLBanks . The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Cash Flows (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization: Net premiums and discounts on consolidated obligations, investments, mortgage loans and other adjustments (a) ) Concessions on consolidated obligations Premises, software, and equipment Provision (Reversal) for credit losses ) ) Change in net fair value adjustments on derivatives and hedging activities (b) ) Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on trading securities ) Change in fair value on Equity Investments ) ) Change in fair value adjustments on financial instruments held at fair value ) ) ) Losses from extinguishment of debt Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) Derivative assets due to accrued interest ) Derivative liabilities due to accrued interest ) ) Other assets ) ) Affordable Housing Program liability ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities Net change in: Interest-bearing deposits ) ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Federal funds sold ) ) Deposits with other FHLBanks ) ) Premises, software, and equipment ) ) ) Trading securities: Purchased ) ) ) Repayments Proceeds from sales Equity Investments: Purchased ) ) ) Proceeds from sales Available-for-sale securities: Purchased ) ) ) Repayments Held-to-maturity securities: Long-term securities Purchased ) ) ) Repayments Advances: Principal collected Made ) ) ) Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio: Principal collected Purchased ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of REO Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Statements of Cash Flows (In Thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities Net change in: Deposits and other borrowings ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation Derivative contracts with financing element ) ) Consolidated obligation bonds: Proceeds from issuance Payments for maturing and early retirement ) ) ) Payments on bonds (transferred to) or assumed from other FHLBanks (c) Consolidated obligation discount notes: Proceeds from issuance Payments for maturing ) ) ) Capital stock: Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Payments for repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid (d) ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of the period (e) Cash and due from banks at end of the period (e) Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Interest paid for Discount Notes (f) Affordable Housing Program payments (g) Transfers of mortgage loans to real estate owned Capital stock subject to mandatory redemption reclassified from equity Transfers of HTM securities to AFS that are not other-than-temporarily impaired (h) AFS HFA bonds were tendered and re-issued from LIBOR to SOFR index (i) Notes to Supplemental Disclosure: (a) (b) billion in cash flows; in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, derivatives and hedging activities provided million in cash flows; in the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, derivatives and hedging activities used million in cash flows. (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) billion of LIBOR-indexed held-to- maturity securities to available-for-sale during the second quarter of 2021 without tainting our intent to hold other debt securities to maturity. At the date of transfer, these securities had a total amortized cost of billion and a total net unrealized gain of million. (i) million (market value of million) in available-for-sale debt securities were tendered and re-issued from the LIBOR to SOFR index. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 102 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 of district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). The FHLBanks are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), organized under the authority of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act). Each FHLBank is a cooperative owned by member institutions located within a defined geographic district. The FHLBNY s defined geographic district is New Jersey, New York, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Tax Status. The FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, are exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation except for real property taxes. Assessments. Affordable Housing Program (AHP) Assessments Each FHLBank, including the FHLBNY, provides subsidies in the form of direct grants and below-market interest rate advances to members, who use the funds to assist in the purchase, construction or rehabilitation of housing for very low-, low- and moderate-income households. Annually, the FHLBanks must allocate the greater of million or of their regulatory defined net income for the Affordable Housing Program. 
 103 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 104 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 105 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 106 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 107 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 108 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 billion of LIBOR-indexed held-to-maturity securities to available-for-sale during the second quarter of 2021 without tainting our intent to hold other debt securities to maturity. Available-for-Sale Securities The FHLBNY classifies debt securities that it may sell before maturity as AFS and carries them at fair value. Until AFS securities are sold, changes in fair values are recorded in AOCI as Net unrealized gain or (loss) on AFS securities. The FHLBNY computes gains and losses on sales of debt securities using the specific identification method and includes these gains and losses in Other income (loss). Trading Securities Debt securities classified as trading are held for liquidity purposes and carried at fair value. We record changes in the fair value of these investments through Other income as net realized and unrealized gains or losses on trading securities. The Finance Agency prohibits speculative trading practices but allows permitted securities to be deemed held for liquidity if invested in a trading portfolio. We periodically evaluate our liquidity needs and may dispose these investments as deemed prudent by liquidity and market conditions. 
 109 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 110 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 business days after a prepayment. If a prepayment fee is received on an advance that is determined to be a modification of the original advance, the fee would be deferred, recorded in the basis of the modified advance, and amortized over the life of the modified advance using the level-yield method. This amortization would be recorded as a component of interest income from advances. Prepayment Fees on Advances . Generally, advances are prepaid by members at their fair values. The FHLBNY also charges the member a prepayment fee to make the FHLBNY financially indifferent to the early termination of the advance. For a prepaid advance that had been hedged under a qualifying fair value hedge, the FHLBNY would terminate the hedging relationship. Typically, the FHLBNY would terminate the interest rate swap, and would record the fair value exchanged with the swap counterparty as its settlement value. Prepayment fees received from the prepaying member to make the FHLBNY financially indifferent is recognized in earnings as interest income from advances. For prepaid advances that are not hedged or that are economically hedged, the FHLBNY would also charge the member the fair value of the advance, in addition to a prepayment fee that would make the FHLBNY financially indifferent to the early termination. The FHLBNY offers a rebate, which is typically a portion of the prepayment fee. The rebate is contingent upon the prepaying member borrowing new advances within a -day period following prepayment, also satisfying conditions to qualify for the rebate, and complying with the then prevailing terms and conditions for borrowing new advances. At the time a prepayment fee is received from the borrowing member, a portion of the fee, deemed to be potentially rebatable, is not recognized in earnings. The rebatable amount is deferred as a liability as the FHLBNY considers the rebate opportunity for the member a contingency for the FHLBNY. Until no likelihood exists, such that the member has a potential claim to a rebate within the 30-day rebate period, the potential rebatable amount will be considered to be contingently payable. That amount will be deferred, based on the supposition that the rebatable portion of the prepayment fee may not be recognized as a revenue in its entirety because it may be subject to a claim payable to a third party, the borrowing member. Amounts would be recorded once the contingency has been resolved, i.e. when any future potential claims to rebatable funds have expired (30-day rebate period has expired) or has been otherwise settled and resolved (member enters into new qualifying advances within the 30-day period). Only after the member has no further claims on the funds, and the FHLBNY has no obligations to rebate funds, the deferred amounts may only then be released to earnings. The actual rebate would depend on the amount and the maturity duration of the new advance. 
 111 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. We rolled out the new program fully and ceased to purchase loans in the MPF program in late March 2021. The new program, MAP, was created based on feedback from members and is expected to better serve the needs of our district. Legacy MPF loans will continue to be supported by the FHLBNY and the FHLBank of Chicago as MPF Provider. In the MAP program, we will purchase investment grade, conventional one-to-four family or government-insured loans from participating members. Due to the unique credit enhancement structure and MAP program requirements of acquiring loans with strong credit quality indicators, we expect loan performance to remain within its credit quality indicators. To capitalize this activity, member sellers will also be required to purchase stock, as mandated by the FHLBNY s capital plan, equal to of the outstanding principal balance of the MAP assets sold by the member to the FHLBNY. At this point, we cannot forecast with certainty the volume of loans or the income from this program. Currently, the new program does not have a significant impact on our earnings, cash flows or our operations. MAP will help fulfill our mission by providing an off-balance sheet option of providing liquidity in all operating environments. Because of the immateriality of loans acquired, certain disclosures are omitted at December 31, 2022. The remaining disclosures pertain to mortgage loans under the MPF program. Credit Enhancement Obligations and Loss Layers. The FHLBNY and the PFI share the credit risks of the uninsured MPF loans by structuring potential credit losses into layers. Collectability of the loans is first supported by liens on the real estate securing the loan. For conventional mortgage loans, additional loss protection is provided by private mortgage insurance required for MPF loans with a loan-to-value ratio of more than at origination, which is paid for by the borrower. Credit losses are absorbed by the FHLBNY to the extent of the First Loss Account (FLA) for which the maximum exposure is estimated to be million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The aggregate amount of FLA is memorialized and tracked but is neither recorded nor reported as a loan loss reserve in the FHLBNY s financial statements. If second losses beyond this layer are incurred, they are absorbed through a credit enhancement provided by the PFI. The credit enhancement held by PFIs ensures that the lender retains a credit stake in the loans it sells to the FHLBNY, or for the MPF 100 product that the PFI originates as an agent for the FHLBNY. For assuming the second loss credit risk, PFIs receive monthly credit enhancement fees from the FHLBNY. For most MPF products, the credit enhancement fee is paid monthly to the PFI on an amount mutually agreed upon, as specified in the Master Commitment. For MPF loans acquired after May 2017, the amount of the credit enhancement is computed with the use of a Standard Poor s model to determine the amount of credit enhancement necessary to bring a pool of uninsured loans to a Single A credit risk. Prior to May 2017, the credit enhancement was calculated to a Double A credit risk. The credit enhancement becomes an obligation of the PFI. Delivery commitment fees are charged to a PFI for extending the scheduled delivery period of the loans. Pair-off fees may be assessed and charged to a PFI when the settlement of the delivery commitment (1) fails to occur, or (2) the principal amount of the loans purchased by the FHLBNY under a delivery commitment is not equal to the contract amount beyond established limits. Accounting for Mortgage Loans. The FHLBNY has the intent and ability to hold these mortgage loans for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff and classifies mortgage loans as held-for-portfolio. Loans are reported at their principal amount outstanding, net of premiums and discounts, which is the fair value of the mortgage loan on settlement date. The FHLBNY defers premiums and discounts, and uses the contractual method to amortize premiums and accrete discounts on mortgage loans. The contractual method recognizes the income effects of premiums and discounts in a manner that is reflective of the actual behavior of the mortgage loans during the period in which the behavior occurs while also reflecting the contractual terms of the assets without regard to changes in estimated prepayments based upon assumptions about future borrower behavior. Mortgage loans are written down to their fair values either at foreclosure or to their collateral values when collectability is doubtful, typically when delinquent 180 days or greater and the loan is not well collateralized. When a loan is partially charged off, the remaining loan balance is typically written down and recorded at its collateral value on a non-recurring basis (see Note 18. Fair Values of Financial Instruments). The FHLBNY records credit enhancement fees as a reduction to mortgage loan interest income. Other non-origination fees, such as delivery commitment extension fees and pair-off fees, are considered as derivative income and recorded over the life of the commitment; all such fees were insignificant for all periods reported. 
 112 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 or more past due. When a mortgage loan is placed on non-accrual status, accrued but uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. A loan on non-accrual status may be restored to accrual when (1) principal and interest is no longer delinquent, (2) the FHLBNY expects to collect the remaining interest and principal, and (3) the collection is not under legal proceedings. For mortgage loans on non-accrual status, impairment calculations would consider if the collection of the remaining principal and interest due is determined to be doubtful, and any cash received would be applied first to principal until the remaining principal amount due is collected, and then as a recovery of any charge-offs. Any remaining cash flows would be recorded as interest income. If the FHLBNY determines that the loan servicer on a non-accrual loan has paid the accrued interest receivable as an advance, which is likely to be subject to recovery by the borrower, the FHLBNY would consider the cash received as a liability until the impaired loan returns to a performing status. The cumulative amounts of cash received and recorded as a liability was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The FHLBNY is continuing to apply its existing non-accrual standards, which is to consider a loan to be in a non-accrual status if the loan is seriously delinquent (90 days plus delinquent) on loans impacted by forbearance and deferral programs due to COVID-19. Impairment Methodology and Portfolio Segmentation and Disaggregation Except for VA and FHA insured mortgage loans, all MPF loans are measured for impairment and analyzed for credit losses. Measurement of credit losses is based on current information and events and when it is probable that the FHLBNY will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Credit losses are measured for impairment based on the fair value of the underlying property less estimated selling costs. It is assumed that repayment is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying property, that is, there is no other available and reliable source of repayment. To the extent that the net fair value of the property (collateral) is less than the amortized cost in the loan, a loan loss allowance is recorded. FHA and VA are insured loans, and are excluded from the loan-by-loan analysis. FHA and VA insured mortgage loans have minimal inherent credit risk; risk generally arises mainly from the servicers defaulting on their obligations. FHA and VA insured mortgage loans, if adversely classified, would have reserves established only in the event of a default of a PFI, and reserves would be based on aging, collateral value and estimated costs to recover any uninsured portion of the MPF loan. Aside from separating conventional mortgage loans from FHA and VA insured loans, the FHLBNY has determined that no further disaggregation or portfolio segmentation is needed as the credit risk is measured at the individual loan level. Charge-Off Policy The FHLBNY complies with the guidance provided by the FHFA to perform a charge-off analysis when a loan is on non-accrual status for 180 days or more and the loan is not well collateralized. The charge-off is calculated as the amount of the shortfall of the fair value of the underlying collateral, less estimated selling costs, compared to the amortized cost in the loan. Real Estate Owned (REO) REO includes assets that have been received in satisfaction of mortgage loans through foreclosure. REO is recorded at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling costs of the REO. At the date of transfer, from mortgage loan to REO, the FHLBNY recognizes a charge-off to allowance for credit losses if the fair value of the REO is less than the amortized cost in the loan. Any subsequent realized gains, realized or unrealized losses and carrying costs are included in Other income (non-interest) in the Statements of Income. REO is recorded in Other assets, in the Statements of Condition. 
 113 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 triggering events that could cause the FHLBNY to repurchase capital stock. a member requests redemption of excess membership stock; a member delivers notice of its intent to withdraw from membership; or a member attains non-member status (through merger into or acquisition by a non-member, charter termination, or involuntary termination from membership). 
 The member s request to redeem excess Membership Stock will be considered to be revocable until the stock is repurchased. Since the member s request to redeem excess Membership Stock can be withdrawn by the member without penalty, the FHLBNY considers the member s intent regarding such request to not be substantive in nature; therefore, no reclassification to a liability will be made at the time the request is delivered. Under the Capital Plan, when a member delivers a notification of its intent to withdraw from membership, the reclassification from equity to a liability will become effective upon receipt of the notification. The FHLBNY considers the member s intent regarding such notification to be substantive in nature; therefore, reclassification to a liability will be made at the time the notification of the intent to withdraw is delivered. When a member is acquired by a non-member, the FHLBNY reclassifies stock of former members to a liability on the day the member s charter is dissolved. Unpaid dividends related to capital stock reclassified as a liability are accrued at an estimated dividend rate and reported as interest expense in the Statements of Income. The repurchase of these mandatorily redeemable financial instruments is reflected as a cash outflow in the financing activities section of the Statements of Cash Flows. The FHLBNY s capital stock can only be acquired and redeemed at par value; and are not traded and no market mechanism exists for the exchange of stock outside the cooperative structure. in advance, are recorded as unrecognized standby commitment fees (deferred credit) and amortized monthly over the commitment period. The FHLBNY amortizes fees received to income using the straight-line method. 
 114 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the lease. The FHLBNY capitalizes improvements and major renewals but expenses ordinary maintenance and repairs when incurred, and would include gains and losses on disposal of premises and equipment in Other income (loss). other GSEs, in amounts sufficient to pay the Finance Agency s annual operating expenses. The Office of Finance is also authorized to impose assessments on the FHLBanks, including the FHLBNY, in amounts sufficient to pay the Office of Finance s annual operating and capital expenditures. Each FHLBank is assessed a prorated (1) two -thirds based upon each FHLBank s share of total Consolidated obligations outstanding and (2) one -third based upon an equal pro-rata allocation. additional potential shares that may be dilutive. 
 115 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 116 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 117 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 restrictions on the withdrawal of funds in this arrangement. There were compensating balances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were restricted cash balances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Pass-through Deposit Reserves The FHLBNY acts as a pass-through correspondent for member institutions who are required by banking regulations to deposit reserves with the Federal Reserve Banks. There were pass-through reserves deposited with Federal Reserve Banks on behalf of the members by the FHLBNY at December 31, 2022 and deposits of million at December 31, 2021. The liabilities offsetting the pass-through reserves were due to member institutions and were recorded in Other liabilities in the Statements of Condition. billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. Based on analysis performed, allowance for credit losses was recorded at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Accrued interest receivables were million in the current year compared to thousand in 2021, and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. Federal funds sold Federal funds sold are unsecured advances to highly-rated large financial institutions. Federal funds sold are unsecured loans that are generally transacted on an overnight term and recorded at amortized cost basis. FHFA regulations include a limit on the amount of unsecured credit an individual Bank may extend to a counterparty. Federal funds sold were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021 and were repaid according to their contractual terms. Investments are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. Generally, Federal funds are short-term and typically overnight. Counterparties are highly rated. Based on analysis, allowance for credit losses was recorded for Federal funds sold at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Accrued interest receivables were million in the current year compared to thousand in 2021, and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. Securities purchased under agreements to resell The outstanding balances of Securities purchased under agreements to resell were recorded at amortized cost basis of billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. The investments typically matured overnight, and were executed through a tri-party arrangement that involved transfer of overnight funds to a segregated safekeeping account at the Bank of New York (BONY). BONY, acting as an independent agent on behalf of the FHLBNY and the counterparty to the transactions, assumes the responsibility of receiving eligible securities as collateral and releasing funds to the counterparty. The amount of cash loaned against the collateral is a function of the liquidity and quality of the collateral. The collateral is typically in the form of securities that meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards, are highly rated and readily marketable. The FHLBNY has the ability to call for additional collateral if the value of the securities falls below a pre-defined haircut. The FHLBNY can terminate the transaction and liquidate the collateral if the counterparty fails to post the additional margin. Agreements generally allow the FHLBNY to repledge securities under certain conditions. adjustments for instrument-specific credit risk were deemed necessary as market values of collateral were in excess of principal amounts loaned. Accrued interest receivables were de minimis and allowance for credit losses was recorded as interest due was collected. 
 118 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021 were received at BONY to collateralize the overnight investments. Securities purchased under agreements to resell averaged million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and billion for the same period in 2021. Interest income from securities purchased under agreements to resell was million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. Transactions recorded as Securities purchased under agreements to resell were accounted as collateralized financing transactions. Investments are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. A credit loss would also be recognized if there is a collateral shortfall which the FHLBNY does not believe the counterparty will replenish in accordance with its contractual terms. The credit loss would be limited to the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the investment s amortized cost. Repurchase agreements are short-term and generally overnight, and counterparties are highly rated. Based on analysis performed, allowance for credit losses was recorded for these assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Total trading securities The carrying values of trading securities included net unrealized fair value loss of million at December 31, 2022 and loss of million at December 31, 2021. We have classified investments acquired for purposes of meeting short-term contingency and other liquidity needs as trading securities. In accordance with Finance Agency guidance, we do not participate in speculative trading practices. Trading Securities Pledged The FHLBNY had pledged marketable securities at fair values of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 to derivative clearing organizations to fulfill the FHLBNY s initial margin requirements as mandated under margin rules of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The clearing organizations have rights to sell or repledge the collateral securities under certain conditions. Total trading securities Yield on trading securities December 31, 2021 Due in one year Due after one year Due after five years or less through five years through ten years Total Fair Value U.S. Treasury notes Total trading securities Yield on trading securities 
 119 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Equity funds ) Fixed income funds ) Total Equity Investments (a) ) 

December 31, 2021 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains (b) Losses (b) Value (c) Cash equivalents Equity funds ) Fixed income funds ) Total Equity Investments (a) ) 

 (a) The intent of the grantor trust is to set aside cash to meet current and future payments for a supplemental unfunded pension plan. Neither the pension plans nor employees of the FHLBNY own the trust. (b) Changes in unrealized gains and losses are recorded through earnings, specifically in Other income in the Statements of Income. (c) The grantor trust invests in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available and investments are redeemable at short notice. NAVs are the fair values of the funds in the grantor trust. The grantor trust is owned by the FHLBNY.) Net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity investments sold during the period ) Net dividend and other Net gains (losses) recognized during the period ) 
 120 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 AFS security was impaired in any periods in this report and credit loss allowance was necessary at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. ) Mortgage-backed securities Floating CMO ) PASS THRU ) Total Floating ) Fixed CMBS ) Total Fixed ) MBS AFS Before Hedging Adjustments (a) ) (a) Hedging Basis Adjustments in AOCI (b) ) Total Available-for-sale securities (MBS) ) Total Available-for-sale securities ) December 31, 2021 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost Gains Losses Value GSE and U.S. Obligations State and local housing finance agency obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities Floating CMO PASS THRU Total Floating Fixed CMBS ) Total Fixed ) MBS AFS Before Hedging Adjustments (a) ) (a) Hedging Basis Adjustments in AOCI (b) ) Total Available-for-sale securities (MBS) ) Total Available-for-sale securities ) 

 (a) Amounts represent specialized third party pricing vendors estimates of gains/losses of AFS securities; market pricing is based on historical amortized cost adjusted for pay downs and amortization of premiums and discounts; fair value unrealized gains and losses are before adjusting book values for hedge basis adjustments and will equal market values of AFS securities recorded in AOCI. Fair value hedges were executed to mitigate the interest rate risk of the hedged fixed-rate securities due to changes in the designated benchmark rate. (b) Amounts represent fair value hedging basis due to changes in the benchmark rate and were recorded as an adjustment to the carrying values of hedged securities; the adjustments impacted the unrealized market value gains and losses. Securities in a fair value hedging relationship at December 31, 2022 recorded million of hedge basis losses; at December 31, 2021, hedge basis losses of million were recorded. In the table above, the benchmark hedging basis adjustments were reported separately from the market based prices of ASC 815 qualifying hedges to provide greater clarity to market based pricing of the securities. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Credit Loss Analysis of AFS Securities The FHLBNY s portfolio of MBS classified as AFS is comprised primarily of GSE-issued collateralized mortgage obligations and CMBS. A portfolio of State and local housing finance agency obligations is also classified as AFS. The FHLBNY evaluates its GSE-issued securities by considering the creditworthiness and performance of the debt securities and the strength of the government-sponsored enterprises guarantees of the securities. Based on credit and performance analysis, GSE-issued securities are performing in accordance with their contractual agreements. The FHLBNY believes that it will recover its investments in GSE-issued securities given the current levels of collateral, credit enhancements and guarantees that exist to protect the investments. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unrealized fair value losses have been aggregated in the table below by the length of time a security was in a continuous unrealized loss position based on market-based pricing and excluding the effects of hedge basis adjustments. The Bank evaluates its individual AFS securities for impairment by comparing the security s fair value to its amortized cost. Impairment may exist when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost (i.e. in an unrealized loss position). We have not experienced any payment defaults on the instruments. As noted previously, substantially all of these securities are GSE-issued and carry an implicit or explicit U.S. government guarantee. Based on the analysis, allowance for credit losses was recorded on these AFS securities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 122 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 ) ) MBS-GSE Fannie Mae-CMO ) ) Fannie Mae-CMBS ) ) Freddie Mac-CMO ) ) Freddie Mac-CMBS ) ) ) Fannie Mae-Pass Thru ) ) Total MBS-GSE ) ) ) Total MBS Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Estimated Unrealized Fair Value Losses Fair Value Losses Fair Value Losses MBS Investment Securities and State and local housing finance agency obligations MBS-GSE Freddie Mac-CMBS ) ) ) Total MBS-GSE ) ) ) Total MBS Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) Total Temporarily Impaired ) ) ) 
 123 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Redemption Terms Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment fees. Due after one year through five years Due after ten years State and local housing finance agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five year through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total Available-for-Sale securities 

 (a) The carrying value of AFS securities equals fair value. (b) Amortized cost is UPB after adjusting for net unamortized premiums of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Additionally, historical amortized cost in the table above is after adjustment for hedging basis. Interest Rate Payment Terms PASS THRU Total Floating Fixed CMBS Total Fixed Total Mortgage-backed securities State and local housing finance agency obligations Floating Total Available-for-Sale securities 
 124 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 ) Freddie Mac Total pools of mortgages ) Collateralized Mortgage Obligations/Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits Fannie Mae ) Freddie Mac ) Ginnie Mae Total CMOs/REMICs ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (b) Fannie Mae ) Freddie Mac ) Total commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Non-GSE MBS (c) CMOs/REMICs ) ) ) Asset-Backed Securities (c) Manufactured housing (insured) Home equity loans (insured) ) ) Home equity loans (uninsured) ) ) Total asset-backed securities ) ) Total MBS ) ) ) Other State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) Total Held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) 
 125 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Freddie Mac Total pools of mortgages Collateralized Mortgage Obligations/Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits Fannie Mae ) Freddie Mac ) Ginnie Mae Total CMOs/REMICs ) Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (b) Fannie Mae ) Freddie Mac ) Total commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Non-GSE MBS (c) CMOs/REMICs ) ) ) Asset-Backed Securities (c) Manufactured housing (insured) Home equity loans (insured) ) Home equity loans (uninsured) ) ) Total asset-backed securities ) ) Total MBS ) ) ) Other State and local housing finance agency obligations ) ) Total Held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) 

 (a) Unrecognized gross holding gains and losses represent the difference between fair value and carrying value. (b) Commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) are Agency issued securities, collateralized by income-producing multi-family properties . Eligible property types include standard conventional multifamily apartments, affordable multi-family housing, seniors housing, student housing, military housing, and rural rent housing. (c) The amounts represent non-agency private-label mortgage- and asset-backed securities. (d) Amortized cost For securities that were deemed impaired, amortized cost represents unamortized cost less credit losses, net of credit recoveries (reversals) due to improvements in cash flows. Securities Pledged The FHLBNY had pledged MBS, with an amortized cost basis of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, to the FDIC in connection with deposits maintained by the FDIC at the FHLBNY. The FDIC does not have rights to sell or repledge the collateral unless the FHLBNY defaults under the terms of its deposit arrangements with the FDIC. 
 126 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Housing finance agency bonds The FHLBNY s investments in Held-to-Maturity (HTM) Housing finance agency bonds reported gross unrecognized losses of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Investments are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses based on the probability of default of the borrowing counterparty and the terms to maturity of the outstanding investments at the measurement dates. A credit loss would also be recognized if there is a collateral shortfall if the FHLBNY believes the counterparty will not replenish in accordance with its contractual terms. The credit loss would be limited to the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the investment s amortized cost. Our analysis identified no collateral shortfall. The number of investment positions that were in unrealized loss position was in HTM portfolio at December 31, 2022, unchanged from December 31, 2021. Probability default analysis at December 31, 2022 recorded allowance of credit losses of million, unchanged from December 31, 2021. allowance for credit losses was recorded for accrued interest receivable as interest due is expected to be collected. Our investments are performing to their contractual terms, and management has concluded that the gross unrealized losses on its housing finance agency bonds are temporary because the underlying collateral and credit enhancements are sufficient to protect the FHLBNY from losses based on current expectations. The credit enhancements may include additional support from monoline insurance companies, reserve and investment funds allocated to the securities that may be used to make principal and interest payments in the event that the underlying loans pledged for these securities are not sufficient to make the necessary payments and the general obligation of the State issuing the bond. Private-label mortgage-backed securities Management evaluates its investments in private-label MBS (PLMBS) for credit losses on a quarterly basis by performing cash flow tests on its entire portfolio of PLMBS. Allowance for credit loss of million were recorded at December 31, 2022, slightly lower than December 31, 2021. Certain securities are insured by monoline insurers, and our credit specialists have analyzed associated guarantees with appropriate haircuts. The Bank s conclusions are also based upon multiple factors, but not limited to the expected performance of the underlying collateral, and the evaluation of the fundamentals of the issuers financial condition. Management has not made a decision to sell such securities at December 31, 2022 and has concluded that it will not be required to sell such securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis of the securities. The number of investment positions that were in an unrealized loss position was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 127 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years State and local housing finance agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total Held-to-Maturity Securities 

 (a) Amortized cost is UPB after adjusting for net unamortized discounts of million at December 31, 2022 and net unamortized premiums of million at December 31, 2021 and before adjustments for allowance for credit losses. 
 128 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Due in one year or less Due after one year through two years Due after two years through three years Due after three years through four years Due after four years through five years Thereafter Total par value Advance discounts ) ) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (b) ) Total 

 (a) The weighted average yield is the weighted average coupon rates for advances, unadjusted for swaps. For floating-rate advances, the weighted average rate is the rate outstanding at the reporting dates. (b) Hedge valuation basis adjustments under ASC 815 hedges represent changes in the fair values of fixed-rate advances due to changes in designated benchmark interest rates, the remaining terms to maturity or to next call and the notional amounts of advances in a hedging relationship. The FHLBNY s benchmark rates are LIBOR, Federal Funds-OIS index and SOFR-OIS index. 
 Monitoring and Evaluating Credit Losses on Advances The Bank manages its credit exposure to advances through an integrated approach that includes establishing a credit limit for each borrower. This approach includes an ongoing review of each borrower s financial condition, in conjunction with the Bank s collateral and lending policies to limit risk of loss, while balancing borrowers needs for a reliable source of funding. In addition, the Bank lends to eligible borrowers in accordance with federal law and FHFA regulations. Specifically, the Bank is required to obtain sufficient collateral to fully secure credit products up to the counterparty s total credit limit. Collateral eligible to secure new or renewed advances includes: one-to-four family and multifamily mortgage loans (delinquent for no more than 90 days) and securities representing such mortgages; securities issued, insured, or guaranteed by the U.S. government or any U.S. government agency (for example, mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae); cash or deposits in the Bank; 
 129 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 of the FHLBNY s advances were past due, on non-accrual status , or considered impaired as of December 31, 2022. In addition, there were troubled debt restructurings related to advances at the FHLBNY at any time in this report. As of December 31, 2022, the FHLBNY had collateral on a borrower-by-borrower basis with a value equal to, or greater than, its outstanding advances. Based on the collateral held as security, the FHLBNY s management s credit extension and collateral policies, and repayment history on advances, the FHLBNY did not expect any losses on its advances at any time in the periods in 2023 and through the filing date on this report; therefore, allowance for credit losses on advances was recorded. For the same reasons, the FHLBNY did not record any allowance for credit losses on interest receivable on advances as of December 31, 2022. Concentration of Advances Outstanding. Advances to the FHLBNY s top borrowing member institutions are reported in Note 21. Segment Information and Concentration. The FHLBNY held sufficient collateral to cover the advances to all institutions and it does not expect to incur any credit losses. 
 130 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 and of total advances at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Lending to insurance companies poses a number of unique risks not present in lending to federally insured depository institutions. For example, there is no single federal regulator for insurance companies. They are supervised by state regulators and subject to state insurance codes and regulations. There is uncertainty about whether a state insurance commissioner would try to void the FHLBNY s claims on collateral in the event of an insurance company failure. As with all members, insurance companies are also required to purchase the FHLBNY s capital stock as a prerequisite to membership and borrowing activity. The FHLBNY s management takes a number of steps to mitigate the unique risk of lending to insurance companies. At the time of membership, the FHLBNY requires an insurance company to be highly rated and to meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards. The FHLBNY performs quarterly credit analysis of the insurance borrower. Insurance companies are required to successfully complete an onsite review prior to pledging collateral. Additionally, in order to ensure its position as a first priority secured creditor, FHLBNY typically requires insurance companies to place physical possession of all pledged eligible collateral with FHLBNY or deposit it with a third party custodian or control agent. Such collateral must meet the FHLBNY s credit quality standards, with appropriate minimum margins applied. Security Terms . The FHLBNY lends to financial institutions involved in housing finance within its district. Borrowing members are required to purchase capital stock of the FHLBNY and pledge collateral for advances. During all periods in this report and as of December 31, 2022, the FHLBNY had rights to collateral with an estimated value greater than outstanding advances. Based upon the financial condition of the member, the FHLBNY: (1) Allows a member to retain possession of the mortgage collateral pledged to the FHLBNY if the member executes a written security agreement, provides periodic listings and agrees to hold such collateral for the benefit of the FHLBNY; however, securities and cash collateral are always in physical possession; or (2) Requires the member specifically to assign or place physical possession of such mortgage collateral with the FHLBNY or its custodial agent. 
 Beyond these provisions, Section 10(e) of the FHLBank Act affords any security interest granted by a member to the FHLBNY s priority over the claims or rights of any other party. The exceptions are claims that would be entitled to priority under otherwise applicable law or perfected security interests. All member obligations with the FHLBNY were fully collateralized throughout their entire term. The total of collateral pledged to the FHLBNY includes excess collateral pledged above the minimum collateral requirements. However, a Maximum Lendable Value is established to ensure that the FHLBNY has sufficient eligible collateral securing credit extensions. million compared to million at December 31, 2021. The FHLBNY classifies mortgage loans as held for investment, and accordingly reports them at their principal amount outstanding net of unamortized premiums, discounts, and unrealized gains and losses from loans initially classified as mortgage loan commitments. 
 131 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Fixed long-term single-family mortgages Total unpaid principal balance Unamortized premiums Unamortized discounts ) ) Basis adjustment (b) Total MPF loans amortized cost MPF allowance for credit losses ) ) MPF loans held-for-portfolio MAP loans held-for-portfolio Total mortgage loans held-for-portfolio at carrying value 

 (a) Conventional mortgage loans represent the majority of mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, with the remainder invested in FHA and VA insured loans (also referred to as government loans). (b) Balances represent unamortized fair value basis of closed delivery commitments. A basis adjustment is recorded at the settlement of the loan and it represents the difference in trade price paid for acquiring the loan and the price at the settlement date for a similar loan. The basis adjustment is amortized as a yield adjustment to Interest income. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through fifteen years Thereafter Total unpaid principal balance Other adjustments, net (a) Total mortgage loans held for portfolio Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans ) ) Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 

 (a) Consists of premiums, discounts, and hedging adjustments. 
 The FHLBNY and its members share the credit risk of MPF loans by structuring potential credit losses into layers. The first layer is typically bps, but this varies with the particular MPF product. The amount of the first layer, or First Loss Account (FLA), was estimated at million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The FLA is not recorded or reported as a reserve for loan losses, as it serves as a memorandum or information account. The FHLBNY is responsible for absorbing the first layer. The second layer is that amount of credit obligations that the PFI has agreed to assume at the Master Commitment level. The FHLBNY pays a credit enhancement fee to the PFI for taking on this obligation. The FHLBNY assumes all residual risk. Credit enhancement fees accrued were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. These fees were reported as a reduction to mortgage loan interest income. 
 132 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 at origination. (3) Losses that exceed the liquidation value of the real property and any PMI will be absorbed by the FHLBNY, limited to the amount of the FLA available under the Master Commitment. For certain MPF products, the FHLBNY could recover previously absorbed losses by withholding future credit enhancement fees (CE Fees) otherwise payable to the PFI, and applying the amounts to recover losses previously absorbed. In effect, the FHLBNY may recover losses allocated to the FLA from CE Fees. The amount of CE Fees depends on the MPF product and the outstanding balances of loans funded in the Master Commitment. CE Fees payable (potentially available for loss recovery) will decline as the outstanding loan balances in the Master Commitment declines. (4) The second layer or portion of credit losses is incurred by the PFI and/or the Supplemental Mortgage Insurance (SMI) provider as follows: The PFI absorbs losses in excess of any FLA up to the amount of the PFI s credit obligation amount and/or to the SMI provider for MPF 125 Plus products if the PFI has selected SMI coverage. (5) The third layer of losses is absorbed by the FHLBNY. 
 The MAP program operates on the Simplified Risk-Sharing Structure. MAP credit risk sharing structure rewards PFIs for originating high quality, well-performing loans. At the time of purchase, FHLBNY will set aside a standard credit enhancement of for every loan funded, to be retained in a Member Performance Account (MPA) for each PFI. Loans are pooled into single or aggregate (multi-member) Master Commitments. Loan losses over the life of the pool are absorbed in order by borrower s equity, mortgage insurance (if applicable), MPA, and finally by FHLBNY. If pooled losses are low, MPA funds are returned to the seller over time, based on a contractual release schedule. This liability account was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Allowance Methodology for Mortgage Loan Losses under ASU 2016-13. Effective January 1, 2020, the FHLBNY adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326). With the adoption of the CECL guidance, the estimate of expected credit losses for MPF is forward-looking. CECL requires the use of forecasts about future economic conditions to estimate the expected credit loss over the remaining life of an instrument. The estimated credit loss is recorded upon initial recognition of the asset, even if the asset is performing at the time of purchase, in anticipation of a future event that will lead to a loss being realized (including consideration of remote scenarios as required under ASC 326-20-30-10). The objective of the estimate is to record the net amount expected to be collected for the asset, while considering available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows. Our allowance for credit loss of million at December 31, 2022 took into consideration several factors. First, the Bank s mortgage loan portfolio has a history of incurred losses that have not been significant. Second, loss sharing and insurance would largely offset actual losses. Lastly, forbearance processes under COVID-19 are likely to be temporary for the MPF loans; amounts under forbearance agreements are not material. Loan deferrals under COVID-19 relief are not material. Evaluation of Credit Losses under CECL - Mortgage loans are evaluated for credit losses using the practical expedient for collateral dependent assets. We consider a conventional mortgage loan as a collateral dependent loan because we expect repayment to be provided by the sale of the underlying property, that is, if it is considered likely that the borrower will default. We may estimate the applicable fair value of this collateral by applying an appropriate loss severity rate or using third party estimates or property valuation model. The expected credit loss of a collateral dependent mortgage loan is equal to the difference between the amortized cost of the loan and the estimated fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs. We will either reserve for these estimated losses or record a direct charge-off of the loan balance, if certain triggering criteria are exceeded. Expected recoveries of prior charge-offs would be included in the allowance for credit loss. 
 133 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Delinquency and non-accruals are factors that are applied in estimating expected credit losses. Refer to discussions on non-accrual and delinquent loans. Government mortgages, which carry FHA, VA or USDA guarantees present a minimal risk of loss. Additionally, as part of the service agreement between FHLBNY and the members that sold us government loans, those members will buy back delinquent government loans. Credit enhancements under the MPF Program may include primary mortgage insurance, supplemental mortgage insurance, in addition to recoverable performance-based credit enhancement fees. Potential recoveries from credit enhancements for conventional loans are evaluated at the individual master commitment level to determine the credit enhancements available to recover losses on loans under each individual master commitment. However, expected recoveries from credit enhancements are not factored into the calculation of expected credit losses. The MPF program s actual loss experience has been immaterial and inclusion of recoveries in the allowance calculations would result in an immaterial change. There were no MAP loans in serious delinquent status (90 days or more) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Roll forward Analysis of Allowance for Credit Losses Adjustment for cumulative effect of accounting change Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (Reversal) for credit losses on mortgage loans ) ) Balance, at end of period 
 134 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Mortgage loans held for portfolio (a) Non-accrual loans (a) Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio Net charge-offs Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period Ratio of allowance for credit losses to mortgage loans held for portfolio Ratio of non-accrual loans to mortgage loans held for portfolio Ratio of allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans (a) Balances represent unpaid principal balance. Non-performing MPF mortgage loans - Conventional (a)(b) Insured MPF loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest (a)(b) 

 (a) Includes loans classified as special mention, sub-standard, doubtful or loss under regulatory criteria, net of amounts charged-off if delinquent for 180 days or more. (b) Data in this table represents unpaid principal balance and would not agree to data reported in other tables at amortized cost . 
 Under the new framework, the FHLBNY evaluates all loans, including non-performing conventional loans, on an individual basis for lifetime credit losses. FHA and VA loans are considered as insured MPF loans, and while the loans are evaluated on an individual basis, we have deemed that FHA and VA loans as collectively insured. Additionally, based on the Bank s assessment of its servicers and the collateral backing the insured loans, the risk of loss was deemed immaterial. The Bank has not recorded an allowance for credit losses for government-guaranteed or -insured mortgage loans in any periods in 2022 or 2021. Furthermore, none of these mortgage loans has been placed on non-accrual status because of the U.S. government guarantee or insurance on these loans and the contractual obligation of the loan servicer to repurchase the loans when certain criteria are met. 
 135 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 With a related allowance ) Total measured for impairment ) 

December 31, 2021 Unpaid Average Principal Related Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Balance Allowance After Allowance After Allowance (d) Conventional Loans - MPF (a)(c) No related allowance (b) With a related allowance ) Total measured for impairment ) 

 (a) Based on analysis of the nature of risks of the FHLBNY s investments in MPF loans, including its methodologies for identifying and measuring impairment, management has determined that presenting such loans as a single class is appropriate. (b) Collateral values, net of estimated costs to sell, exceeded the amortized cost in impaired loans and no allowances were deemed necessary. (c) Interest received is not recorded as Interest income if an uninsured loan is past due or more. Cash received is recorded as a liability on the assumption that cash was remitted by the servicer to the FHLBNY that could potentially be recouped by the borrower in a foreclosure. (d) Represents the average amortized cost after allowance for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 
 MPF Government-guaranteed or -insured mortgage loans Total MPF loans - unpaid principal balance Payment Status of Mortgage Loans Payment status is the key credit quality indicator for conventional mortgage loans and allows the Bank to monitor the migration of past due loans. Past due loans are those where the borrower has failed to make timely payments of principal and/or interest in accordance with the terms of the loan. Other delinquency statistics include non-accrual loans and loans in process of foreclosure. The following tables present the payment status for conventional mortgage loans and other delinquency statistics for the Bank s mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 136 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Past due 60 - 89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current MPF mortgage loans Current MAP mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans 

December 31, 2021 Conventional Loans Origination Year Prior to 2017 2017 to 2021 Total Payment Status, at Amortized Cost: Conventional MPF/MAP Past due 30 - 59 days Past due 60 - 89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current MPF mortgage loans Current MAP mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans 
 137 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Serious delinquency rate (b) Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Loans on non-accrual status Troubled debt restructurings: Loans discharged from bankruptcy (c) Modified loans under MPF program Real estate owned (d) 

December 31, 2021 Conventional MPF Government-Guaranteed MPF Loans or -Insured Loans Total MPF Loans Amortized Cost: In process of foreclosure (a) Serious delinquency rate (b) Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest Loans on non-accrual status Troubled debt restructurings: Loans discharged from bankruptcy (c) Modified loans under MPF program Real estate owned (d) 

 (a) Includes loans where the decision of foreclosure or a similar alternative, such as pursuit of deed-in-lieu, has been reported. (b) Represents seriously delinquent loans as a percentage of total mortgage loans in MPF program. Seriously delinquent loans are comprised of all loans past due or more delinquent or loans that are in the process of foreclosure. (c) Loans discharged from Chapter 7 bankruptcies are considered as TDRs. (d) REO is reported at lower of cost or market value. billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of million, or , from December 31, 2021. All FHLBNY deposits are uninsured and the balance of deposits vary depending on market factors, such as the attractiveness of the FHLBNY s deposit pricing relative to the rates available on alternative money market instruments, FHLBNY members investment preferences with respect to the maturity of their investments, and FHLBNY members liquidity. Interest-bearing demand and overnight deposits represented and of deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with the remaining deposits primarily being term deposits and non-interest- bearing deposits. 
 138 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 billion for 2022 and billion for 2021. The annualized weighted-average interest rates paid on demand and overnight deposits were for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Term deposits pay interest based on a fixed rate determined at the issuance of the deposit. The average balances of term deposits were million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The weighted-average interest rates paid on term deposits were for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Term (a) Total interest-bearing deposits Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits (b) 

 (a) Term deposits were for periods of or less. (b) Specific disclosures about deposits that exceed FDIC limits have been omitted as deposits are not insured by the FDIC. Deposits are received in the ordinary course of the FHLBNY s business. The FHLBNY has pledged securities to the FDIC to collateralize deposits maintained at the FHLBNY by the FDIC; for more information, see Securities Pledged in Note 8. Held-to-Maturity Securities. 
 Interest rate payment terms for deposits are summarized below (dollars in thousands): 

Average Average Deposits December 31, 2022 Interest Rate (b) December 31, 2021 Interest Rate (b) Term deposits Interest-bearing demand (a) Total interest-bearing deposits Non-interest-bearing demand Total deposits 

 (a) Primarily adjustable rate. (b) The weighted average interest rate is calculated based on the average balance. 
 139 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Hedge valuation basis adjustments ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges FVO - valuation adjustments and accrued interest ) ) Total Consolidated obligation bonds Discount notes-amortized cost Hedge value basis adjustments ) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges ) FVO - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total Consolidated obligation discount notes Redemption Terms of Consolidated Obligation Bonds Over one year through two years Over two years through three years Over three years through four years Over four years through five years Thereafter Total par value Bond premiums (b) Bond discounts (b) ) ) Hedge valuation basis adjustments (c) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (d) FVO (e) - valuation adjustments and accrued interest ) ) Total Consolidated obligation-bonds 

 (a) Weighted average rate represents the weighted average contractual coupons of bonds, unadjusted for swaps. (b) Amortization of CO bond premiums and discounts are recorded in interest expense as yield adjustments. (c) Hedge valuation basis adjustments under ASC 815 fair value hedges represent changes in the fair values of fixed-rate CO bonds due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, remaining terms to maturity or next call, and the notional amounts of CO bonds designated in hedge relationship. Our interest rate benchmarks are LIBOR, the Federal Funds-OIS index and the SOFR-OIS index. (d) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges represent the unamortized balances of valuation basis of fixed-rate CO bonds that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that the unamortized basis is reversed to at maturity of the debt. (e) Valuation adjustments on FVO designated bonds represent changes in the entire fair values of CO bonds elected under the FVO plus accrued unpaid interest. Changes in the timing of coupon payments impact outstanding accrued interest. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO bonds elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity or next call will impact hedge valuation adjustments. 
 
 140 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Interest Rate Payment Terms Fixed-rate, callable Step Up, callable Floating rate, callable Single-index floating rate Total par value Discount Notes Consolidated obligation discount notes are issued to raise short-term funds. Discount notes are Consolidated obligations with original maturities of up to . These notes are issued at less than their face amount and redeemed at par when they mature. Amortized cost Hedge value basis adjustments (a) ) ) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges (b) ) FVO (c) - valuation adjustments and remaining accretion Total discount notes Weighted average interest rate 

 (a) Hedging valuation basis adjustments The reported carrying values of hedged CO discount notes are adjusted for changes in their fair values (fair value basis adjustments or fair value) that are attributable to changes in the benchmark risk being hedged. Changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, notional amounts of CO discount notes in hedging relationships and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. (b) Hedge basis adjustments on de-designated hedges Represents the unamortized balances of valuation basis of CO discount notes that were previously in a fair value hedging relationship. Generally, when a hedging relationship is de-designated, the valuation basis is no longer adjusted for changes in the valuation of the debt for changes in the benchmark rate; instead, the basis is amortized over the debt s remaining life, so that the unamortized basis is reversed to at maturity of the debt. (c) FVO valuation adjustments Valuation basis adjustments are recorded to recognize changes in the entire or full fair values including unaccreted discounts on CO discount notes elected under the FVO. Changes in benchmark interest rates, notional amounts of CO discount notes elected under FVO and remaining terms to maturity are factors that impact hedge valuation adjustments. No CO discount notes were elected under the FVO at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 141 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Additions from current period s assessments Net disbursements for grants and programs ) ) ) Ending balance per share. It is not publicly traded. An option to redeem capital stock that is greater than a member s minimum requirement is held by both the member and the FHLBNY. The FHLBNY s Capital Plan offers sub-classes of Class B capital stock, membership and activity-based capital stock, and members can redeem Class B stock by giving notice. The FHLBNY s Class B capital stock issued and outstanding were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. Both Membership and Activity-based Class B capital stocks have the same voting rights and dividend rates. (See Statements of Capital): Membership stock is issued to meet membership stock purchase requirements. The FHLBNY requires member institutions to maintain membership stock based on a percentage of the member s mortgage-related assets. The current capital stock purchase requirement for membership is basis points. In addition, notwithstanding this requirement, the FHLBNY previously had a million cap on membership stock per member. However, effective August 1, 2022, the maximum amount of membership capital stock purchase per member was reduced from million to million. As a result of this change, the Bank repurchased approximately million in membership stock. Activity based stock is issued on a percentage of outstanding balances of advances, MPF and MAP loans and financial letters of credit. The FHLBNY s current capital plan requires a stock purchase of of the member s borrowed amount for advances and mortgage loans, and basis points for letter of credits. Excess activity-based capital stock is repurchased daily. 
 The FHLBNY is subject to risk-based capital rules of the Finance Agency, the regulator of the FHLBanks. Specifically, the FHLBNY is subject to capital requirements under its capital plan. First, the FHLBNY must maintain at all times permanent capital in an amount at least equal to the sum of its credit risk, market risk, and operations risk capital requirements as calculated in accordance with the FHLBNY policy, and rules and regulations of the Finance Agency. Only permanent capital, defined as Class B stock and retained earnings, satisfies this risk-based capital requirement. The FHLBNY s capital plan does not provide for the issuance of Class A capital stock. The Finance Agency may require the FHLBNY to maintain an amount of permanent capital greater than what is required by the risk-based capital requirements. Second, the FHLBNY is required to maintain at least a total capital-to-asset ratio. Third, the FHLBNY must maintain at least a leverage ratio at all times. The FHFA s regulatory leverage ratio is defined as the sum of permanent capital weighted times and non-permanent capital weighted times divided by total assets. 
 142 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Total capital-to-asset ratio Total capital (b) Leverage ratio Leverage capital (c) 

 (a) Actual Risk-based capital is capital stock and retained earnings plus mandatorily redeemable capital stock. Section 1277.3 of the Finance Agency s regulations also refers to this amount as Permanent Capital. (b) Required Total capital is of total assets. (c) The required leverage ratio of total capital to total assets should be at least . For the purposes of determining the leverage ratio, total capital shall be computed by multiplying the Bank s Permanent Capital by . (d) Required minimum. (e) Under regulatory guidelines issued by the Finance Agency in August 2011 that was consistent with guidance provided by other federal banking agencies with respect to capital rules, risk weights are maintained at AAA for U.S. Treasury securities and other securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, government agencies, and government-sponsored entities for purposes of calculating risk-based capital. 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock Generally, the FHLBNY s capital stock is redeemable at the option of either the member or the FHLBNY subject to certain conditions, including the provisions under the accounting guidance for certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. In accordance with the accounting guidance, the FHLBNY generally reclassifies the stock subject to redemption from equity to a liability once a member irrevocably exercises a written redemption right, gives notice of intent to withdraw from membership, or attains non-member status by merger or acquisition, charter termination, or involuntary termination from membership. Under such circumstances, the member shares will then meet the definition of a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument. Redemption from one year to less than three years Redemption from three years to less than five years Redemption from five years or greater Total 
 143 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Capital stock subject to mandatory redemption reclassified from equity Redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock (a) ) ) ) Ending balance Accrued interest payable (b) 

 (a) Redemption includes repayment of excess stock. (b) The annualized accrual rates were , and for the three months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accrual rates are based on estimated dividend rates. 
 Restricted Retained Earnings Under the FHLBank Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (Capital Agreement), each FHLBank is required to set aside of its Net income each quarter to a restricted retained earnings account until the balance of that account equals at least percent of that FHLBank s average balance of outstanding Consolidated obligations as calculated as of the last day of the current calendar quarter. The Capital Agreement is intended to enhance the capital position of each FHLBank. These restricted retained earnings will not be available to pay dividends. Retained earnings included million and million as restricted retained earnings in the FHLBNY s Total Capital at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. dilutive potential common shares or other common stock equivalents (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): Net income available to stockholders Weighted average shares of capital Less: Mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Average number of shares of capital used to calculate earnings per share Basic earnings per share non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plans, which are retirement plans. The two plans restore and enhance defined benefits for those employees who 
 144 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Benefit Equalization Plans (defined benefit and defined contribution) Defined Contribution Plans Postretirement Health Benefit Plan Total retirement plan expenses Pentegra DB Plan Net Pension Cost and Funded Status The Pentegra DB Plan operates as a multiemployer plan for accounting purposes and as a multiple-employer plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, certain multiemployer plan disclosures, including the certified zone status, are not applicable to the Pentegra DB Plan. Typically, multiemployer plans contain provisions for collective bargaining arrangements. There are no collective bargaining agreements in place at any of the FHLBanks (including the FHLBNY) that participate in the plan. Under the Pentegra DB Plan, contributions made by a participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers because assets contributed by an employer are not segregated in a separate account or restricted to provide benefits only to employees of that employer. In addition, in the event a participating employer is unable to meet its contribution requirements, the required contributions for the other participating employers could increase proportionately. If an employee transfers employment to the FHLBNY, and the employee was a participant in the Pentegra Benefit Plan with another employer, the FHLBNY is responsible for the entire benefit. At the time of transfer, the former employer will transfer assets to the FHLBNY s plan, in the amount of the liability for the accrued benefit. The Pentegra DB Plan operates on a fiscal year from July 1 through June 30, and files one Form 5500 on behalf of all employers who participate in the plan. The Employer Identification Number is and the three-digit plan number is . The Pentegra DB Plan s annual valuation process includes calculating the plan s funded status, and separately calculating the funded status of each participating employer. The funded status is defined as the market value of assets divided by the funding target percent of the present value of all benefit liabilities accrued at that date). As permitted by ERISA, the Pentegra DB Plan accepts contributions for the prior plan year up to eight and a half months after the asset valuation date. As a result, the market value of assets at the valuation date (July 1) may increase by any subsequent contributions designated for the immediately preceding plan year ended June 30. Contributions allocated to plan year ended June 30 Pentegra DB Plan funded status as of July 1 (a) FHLBNY s funded status as of July 1 (b) 

 (a) Funded status is based on actuarial valuation of the Pentegra DB Plan, and includes all participants allocated to plan years and known at the time of the preparation of the actuarial valuation. The funded status may increase because the plan s participants are permitted to make contributions through March 15 of the following year. Funded status remains preliminary until the Form 5500 is filed no later than April 15, 
 145 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP) The BEP restores defined benefits for those employees who have had their qualified defined benefits limited by IRS regulations. The method for determining the accrual expense and liabilities of the plan is the Projected Unit Credit Accrual Method. Under this method, the liability of the plan is composed mainly of two components, Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) and Service Cost accruals. The total liability is determined by projecting each person s expected plan benefits. These projected benefits are then discounted to the measurement date. Finally, the liability is allocated to service already worked (PBO) and service to be worked (Service Cost). There were no plan assets, as this is an unfunded plan that has been designated for the BEP plan. Effect of future salary increases Projected benefit obligation Unrecognized prior service (cost)/credit ) ) Unrecognized net (loss)/gain ) ) Accrued pension cost Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial loss/(gain) (a) ) Settlements ) Plan amendments Projected benefit obligation at the end of the year The measurement date used to determine projected benefit obligation for the BEP plan was December 31 in each of the two years. (a) Actuarial gain of million in 2022 was primarily due to gains from discount rate change and gain from demographic experience. 
 Prior service cost/(credit) Accumulated other comprehensive loss/(gain) 
 146 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of the plan assets at the end of the year Interest cost Amortization of unrecognized net loss Amortization of unrecognized past service cost Net periodic benefit cost - Defined Benefit BEP Benefit Equalization plans - Thrift and Deferred incentive compensation plans Total Recognized prior service credit/(cost) ) ) New past service (credit)/cost Recognized gain/(loss) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss/(income) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) Salary increases Amortization period (years) Benefits paid during the period ) ) ) 

 (a) The discount rates were based on the Citigroup Pension Liability Index at December 31, adjusted for duration in each of the three years. 
 147 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Total The net periodic benefit cost for 2023 is expected to be million million in 2022). Postretirement Health Benefit Plan The Retiree Medical Benefit Plan (the Plan) is for retired employees and for employees who are eligible for retirement benefits. The Plan is unfunded. The Plan, as amended, is offered to active employees who have completed of employment service at the FHLBNY and attained age as of January 1, 2015. Assumptions used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) included a discount rate assumption of . Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss/(gain) ) ) Plan participant contributions Actual benefits paid ) ) Retiree drug subsidy reimbursement Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at the end of the year Plan participant contributions Actual benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
 148 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (gain)/loss ) ) Interest cost on accumulated postretirement health benefit obligation Amortization of (gain)/loss ) Net periodic postretirement health benefit expense/(income) ) Amortization of net gain/(loss) Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) The measurement date used to determine benefit obligations was December 31 in each of the two years. Key assumptions and other information to determine current year s obligation for the postretirement health benefit plan were as follows: Health care cost trend rates: Assumed for next year Pre 65 Post 65 Pre 65 Ultimate rate Pre 65 Year that ultimate rate is reached Post 65 Ultimate rate Post 65 Year that ultimate rate is reached Alternative amortization methods used to amortize Prior service cost Straight - line Straight - line Straight - line Unrecognized net (gain) or loss Straight - line Straight - line Straight - line 

 (a) The discount rates were based on the Citigroup Pension Liability Index adjusted for duration in each of the periods in this report. 
 
 149 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Total The postretirement health benefit plan accrual for 2023 is expected to be a benefit of million (cost of million in 2022). Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Total interest rate contracts notionals 
 150 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Derivative Liabilities Net Presentation Cleared derivatives Total gross recognized amount Gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral Uncleared derivatives ) ) ) ) Cleared derivatives ) ) ) ) Total gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) ) ) Net amounts after offsetting adjustments and cash collateral Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total net amounts after offsetting adjustments and cash collateral Derivative instruments - not nettable Uncleared derivatives (a) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities presented in the Statements of Condition (b) Non-cash collateral received or pledged (c) Can be sold or repledged Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (d) Cannot be sold or repledged Uncleared derivatives securities received as Variation Margin ) ) Total net amount of non-cash collateral received or repledged Total net exposure cash and non-cash (e) Net unsecured amount - Represented by: Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total net exposure cash and non-cash (e) 

 (a) Not nettable derivative instruments are without legal right of offset, and were synthetic derivatives representing forward mortgage delivery commitments of calendar days or less. Amounts were not material, and it was operationally not practical to separate receivables from payables; net presentation was adopted. cash collateral was involved with the mortgage delivery commitments. 
 151 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 net of cash as settlement variation margin was posted to FCMs. At December 31, 2021, the FHLBNY posted million in cash as settlement variation margin to FCMs. As noted, variation margin is not considered as collateral, rather as the daily settlement amounts of outstanding derivative contracts. Fair Value of Derivative Instruments Total derivatives in hedging relationships under ASC 815 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Other (b) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments Netting adjustments ) ) Cash collateral and related accrued interest ) ) Total netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (c) Security collateral received from counterparty (c) ) Net security Net exposure 
 152 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Total derivatives in hedging relationships under ASC 815 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps Interest rate caps Mortgage delivery commitments Other (b) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments Netting adjustments ) ) Cash collateral and related accrued interest ) ) Total netting adjustments and cash collateral ) ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities Security collateral pledged as initial margin to Derivative Clearing Organization (c) Security collateral received from counterparty (c) ) Net security Net exposure 

 (a) All derivative assets and liabilities with swap dealers and counterparties are executed under collateral agreements; derivative instruments executed bilaterally are subject to legal right of offset under master netting agreements. (b) The Other category comprised of interest rate swaps intermediated for members, and notional amounts represent purchases by the FHLBNY from dealers and an offsetting purchase from us by the members. (c) Non-cash security collateral is not permitted to be offset on the balance sheet but would be eligible for offsetting in an event of default. Amounts represent non-cash collateral and or U.S. Treasury securities pledged to and received from counterparties as collateral at December 31 , 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Accounting for Derivative Hedging The FHLBNY accounts for its hedging activities in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . As a general rule, hedge accounting is permitted where the FHLBNY is exposed to a particular risk, typically interest-rate risk that causes changes in the fair value of an asset or liability or variability in the expected future cash flows of an existing asset, liability or a forecasted transaction that may affect earnings. Derivative contracts hedging the risks associated with the changes in fair value are referred to as Fair value hedges, while contracts hedging the risks affecting the expected future cash flows are called Cash flow hedges. Derivatives not designated under a qualifying ASC 815 hedge relationship and designated as an asset/liability management hedge are classified as an economic hedge. For more information, see financial statements, Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in this Form 10-K. 
 153 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 ) Gains (losses) on hedged item in designated and qualifying fair value hedges: Interest rate hedges ) ) Gains (losses) represent changes in fair values of derivatives and changes in the fair value of hedged items due to changes in the designated benchmark interest rates, the risk being hedged. Gains and losses on ASC 815 hedges are recorded in the same line in the Statements of Income as the hedged assets and hedged liabilities. Cumulative Basis Adjustment Upon electing to apply ASC 815 fair value hedge accounting, the carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted to reflect the cumulative impact of changes in the hedged risk. The hedge basis adjustment, whether arising from an active or de-designated hedge relationship, remains with the hedged item until the hedged item is derecognized from the balance sheet. The tables below present the carrying amount of FHLBNY s assets and liabilities under active ASC 815 qualifying fair value hedges at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as well as the hedged item s cumulative hedge basis adjustments, which were included in the carrying value of assets and liabilities in active hedges. ) Hedged AFS debt securities (a) ) De-designated advances (b) ) Liabilities: Hedged consolidated obligation bonds Hedged consolidated obligation discount notes De-designated consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) De-designated consolidated obligation discount notes (b) ) 
 154 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Hedged AFS debt securities (a) ) De-designated advances (b) Liabilities: Hedged consolidated obligation bonds ) Hedged consolidated obligation discount notes De-designated consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) ) ) 

 (a) Carrying amounts represent amortized cost adjusted for cumulative fair value hedging basis. For AFS securities in a fair value partial-term hedge, changes in the fair values due to changes in the benchmark rate were recorded as an adjustment to amortized cost and an offset to interest income from the hedged AFS securities. (b) At December 31, 2022, par amounts of de-designated advances were billion; par amounts of de-designation CO bonds were billion; par amounts of de-designated CO discount notes were billion. At December 31, 2021, par amounts of de-designated advances were billion, and par amount of de-designated CO bonds were billion. Cumulative fair value hedging adjustments for active and discontinued hedging relationships will remain on the balance sheet until the items are derecognized. 
 155 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Cash flow hedge gains and losses 

Derivative Gains (Losses) Recorded in Income and Other Comprehensive Income/Loss December 31, 2021 Amounts Amounts Reclassified Reclassified from Amounts Total Change from AOCI to AOCI to Other Recorded in in OCI for Interest Expense (b) Income (Loss) (c) OCI (d) Period Interest rate contracts (a) ) 

Derivative Gains (Losses) Recorded in Income and Other Comprehensive Income/Loss December 31, 2020 Amounts Amounts Reclassified Reclassified from Amounts Total Change from AOCI to AOCI to Other Recorded in in OCI for Interest Expense (b) Income (Loss) (c) OCI (d) Period Interest rate contracts (a) ) ) ) 

 (a) Amounts represent cash flow hedges of CO debt hedged with benchmark interest rate swaps indexed to a benchmark rate. Under guidance provided by ASU 2017-12, the FHLBNY includes the gain and loss on the hedging derivatives in the same line in the Statements of Income as the change in cash flows on the hedged item. (b) Amounts represent amortization of gains (losses) related to closed cash flow hedges of anticipated issuance of CO bonds that were reclassified during the period to interest expense as a yield adjustment. Losses reclassified represent losses in AOCI that were amortized as an expense to debt interest expense. If debt is held to maturity, losses in AOCI will be relieved through amortization. It is expected that over the next 12 months, million of the unrecognized losses in AOCI will be recognized as yield adjustments to debt interest expense. (c) Under guidance provided by ASU 2017-12, hedge ineffectiveness (as defined under ASC 815) is reclassified only if the original transaction would not occur by the end of the specified time period or within a two-month period thereafter. There were amounts that were reclassified into earnings due to discontinuation of cash flow hedges. Reclassification would occur if it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within a two-month period thereafter. (d) Amounts represent changes in the fair values of open interest rate swap contracts in cash flow hedges of CO debt, primarily those hedging the rolling issuance of CO discount notes. Economic Hedges FHLBNY often uses economic hedges when hedge accounting would be too complex or operationally burdensome. Derivatives that are economic hedges are carried at fair value, with changes in value included in Other income (loss), a line item, which is below Net interest income. For hedges that either do not meet the ASC 815 hedging criteria or for which management decides not to apply ASC 815 hedge accounting, the derivative is recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with the associated changes in fair value recorded in earnings, while the hedged instrument continues to be carried at amortized cost. Therefore, current earnings are affected by the interest rate shifts and other factors that cause a change in the swap s value, but for which no offsetting change in value is recorded on the hedged instrument. Economic hedges are an acceptable hedging strategy under the FHLBNY s risk management program, and the strategies comply with the Finance Agency s regulatory requirements prohibiting speculative use of derivatives. 
 156 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 ) Caps ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) ) Total gains (losses) on derivatives in economic hedges ) Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets ) Other financial assets Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations Bonds Discount notes Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) Other financial liabilities 
 157 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held-for-portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets ) Other financial assets Liabilities Deposits Consolidated obligations Bonds Discount notes Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) Other financial liabilities The fair value amounts recorded on the Statements of Condition or presented in the table above have been determined by the FHLBNY using available market information and our reasonable judgment of appropriate valuation methods. (a) Level 3 Instruments The fair values of non-Agency private-label MBS and housing finance agency bonds were estimated by management based on pricing services. Valuations may have required pricing services to use significant inputs that were subjective because of the current lack of significant market activity; the inputs may not be market based and observable. 
 Fair Value Hierarchy The FHLBNY records trading securities, equity investments, available-for-sale securities, derivative instruments, and Consolidated obligations and advances elected under the FVO at fair values on a recurring basis. On a non-recurring basis for the FHLBNY, when mortgage loans held-for-portfolio are written down or are foreclosed as Other Real Estate Owned (REO or OREO), they are recorded at the fair values of the real estate collateral supporting the mortgage loans. The accounting standards under Fair Value Measurement defines fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Among other things, the standard requires the FHLBNY to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard specifies a hierarchy of inputs based on whether the inputs are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the FHLBNY s market assumptions. 
 158 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 such transfers in any periods in this report. The availability of observable inputs can vary from product to product and is affected by a wide variety of factors including, for example, the characteristics peculiar to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the FHLBNY in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Summary of Valuation Techniques and Primary Inputs The fair value of a financial instrument that is an asset is defined as the price the FHLBNY would receive to sell the asset in an orderly transaction with market participants. A financial liability s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. Where available, fair values were based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where observable prices are not available, valuation models and inputs are utilized. These valuation techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or markets and the instruments complexity. Because an active secondary market does not exist for a portion of the FHLBNY s financial instruments, in certain cases, fair values are not subject to precise quantification or verification and may change as economic and market factors and evaluation of those factors change. 
 159 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 designated third-party pricing services at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The FHLBNY s base investment pricing methodology establishes a median price for each security using a formula that is based on the number of prices received. If prices are received, the middle price is used; if prices are received, the average of the prices is used; and if price is received, it is used, typically subject to further validation. Vendor prices that are outside of a defined tolerance threshold of the median price are identified as outliers and subject to additional review, including, but not limited to, comparison to prices provided by an additional third-party valuation service, prices for similar securities, and/or non-binding dealer estimates, which are deemed to be reflective of all relevant facts and circumstances that a market participant would consider. Such analysis is also applied in those limited instances where third-party vendor price or only third-party vendor price is available in order to arrive at an estimated fair value. The FHLBNY has also concluded that the pricing vendors use methods that generally employ, but are not limited to benchmark yields, recent trades, dealer estimates, valuation models, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings, and/or matrix pricing. Based on the FHLBNY s review processes, management has concluded that inputs into the pricing models employed by pricing services for the FHLBNY s investments in GSE securities classified as available-for-sale are market based and observable and are considered to be within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Housing finance agency bonds The fair value of housing finance agency bonds is estimated by management using information primarily from pricing services. Because of the current lack of significant market activity, their fair values were categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as inputs into vendor pricing models may not be market based and observable. Fair values of Mortgage-backed securities deemed impaired - When a PLMBS is deemed to be impaired, it is recorded at fair value. The valuation of PLMBS may require pricing services to use significant inputs that are subjective and are considered by management to be within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. This determination was made based on management s view that the private-label instruments may not have an active market because of the specific vintage of the securities as well as inherent conditions surrounding the trading of private-label MBS, so that the inputs may not be market based and observable. Historically, impairments have been de minimis. The portfolio of PLMBS has declined as the FHLBNY has ceased acquiring PLMBS. Trading Securities The FHLBNY classifies trading securities as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy when we use quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of trading securities, such as U.S. government securities. We classify trading securities as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy when we use quoted market prices in less active markets to determine the fair value of trading securities. Equity Investments The FHLBNY has a grantor trust, which invests in money market, equity and fixed income and bond funds. Daily net asset values (NAVs) are readily available and investments are redeemable at short notice. NAVs are the fair values of the funds in the grantor trust. Because of the highly liquid nature of the investments at their NAVs, they are categorized as Level 1 financial instruments under the valuation hierarchy. Advances elected under the FVO When the FHLBNY elects the FVO designation for certain advances, the advances are recorded at their fair values in the Statements of Condition. The fair values are computed using standard option valuation models. The most significant inputs to the valuation model are (1) Consolidated obligation debt curve (CO Curve), published by the Office of Finance and available to the public, and (2) Benchmark swap curves and volatilities. Both these inputs are considered to be market based and observable as they can be directly corroborated by market participants. The CO Curve is the primary input, which is market based and observable. Inputs to apply spreads, which are FHLBNY specific, were not material. Fair values were classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 160 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 requires a prepayment fee sufficient to make a FHLBank financially indifferent to the borrower s decision to prepay the advance. Therefore, the fair value of an advance does not assume prepayment risk. The inputs used to determine fair value of advances elected under the FVO are as follows: CO Curve. The FHLBNY uses the CO Curve, which represents its cost of funds, as an input to estimate the fair value of advances, and to determine current advance rates. This input is considered market observable and therefore a Level 2 input. Volatility assumption. To estimate the fair value of advances with optionality, the FHLBNY uses market-based expectations of future interest rate volatility implied from current market prices for similar options. This input is considered a Level 2 input as it is market based and market observable. Spread adjustment. Adjustments represent the FHLBNY s mark-up based on its pricing strategy. The input is considered as unobservable and is classified as a Level 3 input. The spread adjustment is not a significant input to the overall fair value of an advance. 
 Consolidated Obligations elected under the FVO The FHLBNY estimates the fair values of Consolidated obligations elected under the FVO based on the present values of expected future cash flows due on the debt obligations. Calculations are performed by using the FHLBNY s industry standard option adjusted valuation models. The FHLBNY s internal valuation models use the following inputs: CO Curve and Benchmark Swap Curves. The Office of Finance constructs an internal curve, referred to as the CO Curve, using the U.S. Treasury Curve as a base curve that is then adjusted by adding indicative spreads obtained from market observable sources. These market indications are generally derived from pricing indications from dealers, historical pricing relationships, recent GSE trades and secondary market activity. The FHLBNY considers the inputs as Level 2 inputs as they are market observable. Volatility assumptions. To estimate the fair values of Consolidated obligations with optionality, the FHLBNY uses market-based expectations of future interest rate volatility implied from current market prices for similar options. These inputs are also considered Level 2 as they are market based and observable. No CO debt elected under the FVO were structured with options in any periods in this report. 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities The FHLBNY s derivatives (cleared derivatives and bilaterally executed derivatives) are executed in the over-the-counter market and are valued using internal valuation techniques as no quoted market prices exist for such instruments. Discounted cash flow analysis is the primary methodology employed by the FHLBNY s valuation models to measure the fair values of interest rate swaps. The valuation technique is considered as an Income approach . Interest rate caps and floors are valued under the Market approach . Interest rate swaps and interest rate caps and floors, collectively derivatives , were valued in industry-standard option adjusted valuation models, which generated fair values. The valuation models employed multiple market inputs including interest rates, prices, and indices to create continuous yield or pricing curves and volatility factors. These multiple market inputs were corroborated by management to independent market data, and to relevant benchmark indices. In addition, derivative valuations were compared by management to counterparty valuations received as part of the collateral exchange process. These derivative positions were classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Starting in mid-October 2020, interest rate swaps cleared by Central Clearing Houses, LCH and the CME, are valued by discounting forward cash flows by the SOFR index, consistent with the change to SOFR in the interest accrual calculation of margins. 
 161 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 credit adjustments were deemed necessary to the recorded fair value of Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities in the Statements of Condition at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 162 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities GSE/U.S. agency issued MBS State and local housing finance agency obligations Derivative assets (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total recurring fair value measurement - Assets ) Liabilities Consolidated obligation: Bonds (to the extent FVO is elected) (b) ) ) Derivative liabilities (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) ) Total recurring fair value measurement - Liabilities ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Netting Adjustment and Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash Collateral Assets Trading securities U.S. Treasury securities Equity Investments Available-for-sale securities GSE/U.S. agency issued MBS State and local housing finance agency obligations Derivative assets (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total recurring fair value measurement - Assets ) Liabilities Consolidated obligation: Bonds (to the extent FVO is elected) (b) ) ) Derivative liabilities (a) Interest-rate derivatives ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) ) Total recurring fair value measurement - Liabilities ) ) 

 (a) Based on analysis of the nature of the risk, the presentation of derivatives as a single class is appropriate. (b) Based on analysis of the nature of risks of Consolidated obligation bonds measured at fair value, the FHLBNY has determined that presenting the bonds as a single class is appropriate. 
 163 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Transfer of securities from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale Provision for credit losses Total gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income Net unrealized gains (losses) ) Purchases Settlements ) ) Balance, end of the period Real estate owned Total non-recurring assets at fair value 

 (a) items at fair value on a non-recurring basis was outstanding during the period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Mortgage loans and REO The FHLBNY measured and recorded certain impaired mortgage loans and REO (foreclosed properties) on a non-recurring basis. These assets were subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances at the occurrence of the events during the periods in this report. Impaired loans were primarily loans that were delinquent for 180 days or more, partially charged-off, with the remaining loans recorded at their collateral values at the dates the loans were charged off. Fair value adjustments on the impaired loans and real estate owned assets were based primarily on broker price opinions. In accordance with disclosure provisions, we have reported changes in fair values of such assets as of the date the fair value adjustments were recorded during the period ended December 31, 2021, and reported fair values were not as of the period end dates. Fair Value Option Disclosures From time to time, the FHLBNY will elect the FVO for advances and Consolidated obligations on an instrument-by-instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings. Customarily, the election is made when either the instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting or may be at risk for not meeting hedge effectiveness requirements; the objective is primarily to mitigate the potential income statement volatility that can arise from economic hedging relationships in which the carrying value of the hedged item is not adjusted for changes in fair value. We may also elect advances under the FVO when analysis indicates that changes in the fair values of the advance would be an offset to fair value volatility of debt elected under the FVO. We may also elect CO bonds under the FVO to achieve asset liability objectives. The FVO election is made at inception of the contracts for advances and debt obligations. 
 164 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 adjustments to the fair values of its instruments recorded under the fair value option for instrument-specific credit risk were necessary at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As with all advances, when advances are elected under the FVO, they are also fully collateralized through their terms to maturity. We consider our Consolidated obligation debt as high credit-quality, highly rated instruments, and changes in fair values are generally related to changes in interest rates and investor preference, including investor asset allocation strategies. The FHLBNY believes the credit-quality of Consolidated obligation debt has remained stable, and changes in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, if any, were not material given that the debt elected under the FVO had been issued within the recent past periods, and no adverse changes have been observed in their credit characteristics. New transactions elected for fair value option ) Maturities and terminations Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option Change in accrued interest/unaccreted balance ) Balance, end of the period ) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Bonds Discount Notes (b) Balance, beginning of the period ) ) New transactions elected for fair value option ) ) Maturities and terminations Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option Change in accrued interest/unaccreted balance Balance, end of the period ) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 Bonds Discount Notes Balance, beginning of the period ) ) New transactions elected for fair value option ) ) Maturities and terminations Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option ) Change in accrued interest/unaccreted balance ) Balance, end of the period ) ) 

 (a) advances elected under the FVO was outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. (b) discount notes elected under the FVO was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 165 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements) Consolidated obligation discount notes (b) ) 

December 31, 2021 Net Gains (Losses) Total Change in Fair Interest Due to Changes in Value Included in Current Expense Fair Value Period Earnings Consolidated obligation bonds ) Consolidated obligation discount notes ) ) ) 

December 31, 2020 Net Gains (Losses) Total Change in Fair Interest Due to Changes in Value Included in Current Expense Fair Value Period Earnings Consolidated obligation bonds ) ) Consolidated obligation discount notes ) ) ) ) ) 

 (a) advances elected under the FVO was outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. (b) discount notes elected under the FVO was outstanding at December 31, 2022. The following tables compare the aggregate fair value and aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding of financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected (a) (in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (b) ) 

December 31, 2020 Fair Value Over/(Under) Aggregate Unpaid Aggregate Fair Aggregate Unpaid Principal Balance Value Principal Balance Consolidated obligation bonds (b) Consolidated obligation discount notes (c) 

166 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 advances elected under the FVO were outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. From time to time, the FHLBNY has elected the FVO for advances on an instrument-by-instrument basis with terms that were primarily short-and intermediate-term. (b) CO bonds The FHLBNY has elected the FVO on an instrument-by-instrument basis for CO bonds, primarily fixed-rate, intermediate- and short-term debt; management elects the FVO for such CO bonds when management is not able to assert with confidence that the debt would qualify for hedge accounting as such short-term debt may not remain highly effective hedges through the maturity of the bonds. Management may also elect the FVO of certain other CO bonds to achieve asset liability objectives. (c) Discount notes - discount notes elected under the FVO were outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. From time to time, discount notes were elected under the FVO because management was not able to assert with confidence that the debt would qualify for hedge accounting as the short-term discount note debt may not remain highly effective hedges through maturity. or more of the FHLBanks be unable to repay their participation in the Consolidated obligations, each of the other FHLBanks could be called upon to repay all or part of such obligations, as determined or approved by the Finance Agency. Neither the FHLBNY nor any other FHLBank has ever had to assume or pay the Consolidated obligations of another FHLBank. The FHLBNY does not believe that it will be called upon to pay the Consolidated obligations of another FHLBank in the future. Under the provisions of accounting standards for guarantees, the FHLBNY would have been required to recognize the fair value of the FHLBNY s joint and several liability for all the Consolidated obligations, as discussed above. However, the FHLBNY considers the joint and several liabilities as similar to a related party guarantee, which meets the scope exception under the accounting standard for guarantees. Accordingly, the FHLBNY has not recognized the fair value of a liability for its joint and several obligations related to other FHLBanks Consolidated obligations, which in aggregate were par amounts of trillion as of December 31, 2022 and trillion as of December 31, 2021. Affordable Housing Program - The FHLBanks are expected to contribute million in aggregate annually to the AHP. If the aggregate assessment is less than million for all the FHLBanks, each FHLBank would be required to assure that the aggregate contributions of the FHLBanks equal million. The proration would be made on the basis of the FHLBank s income in relation to the income of all FHLBanks for the previous year. There have been shortfalls in any periods in this report. Consolidated obligation discount notes at par Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (a) Premises (lease obligations) (b) Remote backup site Other liabilities (c) Total contractual obligations Other commitments Standby letters of credit (d) Consolidated obligation bonds/discount notes traded not settled Commitments to fund additional advances Commitments to fund pension Open delivery commitments (MAP) Total other commitments Total obligations and commitments 

 (a) Callable bonds contain an exercise date or a series of exercise dates that may result in a shorter redemption period. Redemption dates of mandatorily redeemable capital stock are assumed to correspond to maturity dates of member advances. Excess capital stock is redeemed at 
 167 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 The Bank did not record credit losses on off-balance sheet arrangements for any periods in this report. Operating Lease Commitments In compliance with the guidance under ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), we recognize in our Statements of Condition all leases with lease terms greater than twelve months as a lease liability with a corresponding right-of-use (ROU) asset. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the FHLBNY was obligated under a number of noncancelable leases, predominantly operating leases for premises. These leases generally have terms of or less that contain escalation clauses that will increase rental payments. Operating leases also include backup datacenters and certain office equipment. Operating lease liabilities and ROU are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the FHLBNY s borrowing rate for its own debt (Consolidated obligation bonds) of a similar term. ROU includes any lease prepayments made, plus any initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Premise rental expense is included in occupancy expense, and datacenter and other lease expenses are included in other operating expense in the Statements of Income. ROU and lease liabilities are reported in the Statements of Condition. Lease Liabilities 

Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Lease Expense Operating cash flows - Cash Paid December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Discount Rate Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Years Years 
 168 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Imputed interest ) ) Total operating lease liabilities 

 (a) We have elected to exclude immaterial amounts of short-term operating lease liabilities in the Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. debt was assumed from another FHLBank in 2022. In February 2021, the FHLBNY assumed million of debt (par amounts) from another FHLBank. Debt transfers debt was transferred to another FHLBank in 2022 and 2021. Advances Sold or Transferred advances were transferred or sold to the FHLBNY or from the FHLBNY to another FHLBank in any periods in this report. When an advance is transferred or assumed, the transactions would be executed in the ordinary course of the FHLBNY s business and at negotiated market pricing. MPF Program In the MPF program, the FHLBNY may participate to the FHLBank of Chicago portions of its purchases of mortgage loans from its members. Transactions are participated at market rates. Since 2004, the FHLBNY has not shared its purchases with the FHLBank of Chicago. From the inception of the program through 2004, the cumulative share of MPF Chicago s participation in the FHLBNY s MPF loans that has remained outstanding was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Fees paid to the FHLBank of Chicago for providing MPF program services were approximately million, million, and million for the twelve months ended in December 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 169 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 mortgage-backed securities were acquired from other FHLBanks during the periods in this report. Intermediation From time to time, the FHLBNY acts as an intermediary to purchase derivatives to accommodate its smaller members. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, outstanding notional amounts were million and million, representing derivative contracts in which the FHLBNY acted as an intermediary to execute derivative contracts with members. Separately, the contracts were offset with contracts purchased from unrelated derivatives dealers. Net fair value exposures of these transactions were not significant. The intermediated derivative transactions with members and derivative counterparties were collateralized. Loans to Other Federal Home Loan Banks In the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, overnight loans extended to other FHLBanks averaged million and million, respectively. Generally, loans made to other FHLBanks are uncollateralized. Interest income from such loans was immaterial in the periods in this report. Borrowings from Other Federal Home Loan Banks The FHLBNY borrows from other FHLBanks, generally for a period of . In the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the FHLBNY borrowed a total of billion in overnight loans from other FHLBanks. There were borrowings from other FHLBanks in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The borrowings averaged million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Interest expense was immaterial. Sub-lease of Office Space to Another Federal Home Loan Bank The FHLBNY is a lessor of shared office space to another FHLBank for a term through August 2028 at an estimated million in annual lease receipts. Cash and Due from Banks At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was compensating cash balances held at Citibank. Citibank is a member and stockholder of the FHLBNY. For more information, see Note 3. Cash and Due from Banks. 
 170 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Accrued interest receivable Liabilities and capital Deposits Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program (a) Other liabilities (b) Capital 

 (a) Represents funds not yet allocated or disbursed to AHP programs. (b) Includes member pass-through reserves at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Related Party: Income and Expense Transactions 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Related Related Related Interest income Advances Interest-bearing deposits Loans to other FHLBanks Interest expense Deposits Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Cash collateral held and other borrowings Service fees and other 
 171 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 or more large members were to withdraw from membership or decrease business with the FHLBNY. Members might withdraw or reduce their business as a result of consolidating with an institution that was a member of another FHLBank, or for other reasons. The FHLBNY has considered the impact of losing one or more large members. In general, a withdrawing member would be required to repay all indebtedness prior to the redemption of its capital stock. Under current conditions, the FHLBNY does not expect the loss of a large member to impair its operations, since the FHLBank Act, as amended, does not allow the FHLBNY to redeem the capital of an existing member if the redemption would cause the FHLBNY to fall below its capital requirements. Consequently, the loss of a large member should not result in an inadequate capital position for the FHLBNY. However, such an event could reduce the amount of capital that the FHLBNY has available for continued growth. This could have various ramifications for the FHLBNY, including a possible reduction in net income and dividends, and a lower return on capital stock for remaining members. The top advance holders and associated interest income for the periods then ended are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): Flagstar Bank, N.A. (b)(c) Hicksville NY MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company New York NY Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company New York NY Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Signature Bank New York NY Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company New York NY Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America New York NY New York Life Insurance Company New York NY Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company Buffalo NY Prudential Insurance Company of America Newark NJ ESL Federal Credit Union Rochester NY Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) An officer of this member bank joined the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY as a Member Director on January 1, 2022. (c) A non-Member institution Flagstar Bank, FSB merged into FHLBNY member New York Community Bank, on December 1, 2022. Surviving entity renamed Flagstar Bank, N.A. as a member of the FHLBNY. 
 172 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company New York NY Subtotal MetLife, Inc. New York Community Bank Hicksville NY Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company New York NY Citibank, N.A. New York NY Investors Bank (b) Short Hills NJ Signature Bank New York NY New York Life Insurance Company New York NY ESL Federal Credit Union Rochester NY Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America New York NY Valley National Bank (b) Wayne NJ Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) At December 31, 2021, an officer of this member bank also served on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY. 

December 31, 2020 Percentage of Par Total Par Value Twelve Months City State Advances of Advances Interest Income Percentage (a) MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company New York NY Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company New York NY Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Citibank, N.A. New York NY New York Community Bank (b) Westbury NY Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company (c) New York NY HSBC Bank USA, National Association New York NY New York Life Insurance Company New York NY Signature Bank New York NY Investors Bank (b) Short Hills NJ Valley National Bank (b) Wayne NJ Prudential Insurance Company of America Newark NJ Total 

 (a) Interest income percentage is the member s interest income from advances as a percentage of the top 10 members. (b) At December 31, 2020, an officer of this member bank also served on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY. (c) AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company changed name to Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company in the second quarter of 2020. 
 173 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 Citibank, N.A. 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10043 MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America 730 Third Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 Signature Bank 565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10104 

Number Percent December 31, 2022 of Shares of Total Name of Beneficial Owner Principal Executive Office Address Owned Capital Stock Citibank, N.A. 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10043 Flagstar Bank, N.A. 102 Duffy Avenue, Hicksville, NY, 11801 MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 Subtotal MetLife, Inc. Signature Bank 565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10104 Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America 730 Third Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 
 174 

Table of Contents Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Notes to Financial Statements 
 billion in advances with the FHLBNY. On February 14, 2023, Signature Bank held billion in advances, the low point for the first quarter of 2023. As of March 10, 2023, the last business day before the receivership, Signature Bank held billion in advances. Also, as of each date noted above, Signature Bank had billion in undrawn letters of credit. Signature Bank s repayment obligations to the Bank were transferred to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., and remain fully collateralized. The Bank does not anticipate that we will experience a credit loss as a result of the foregoing. Federal Reserve Announcement of BTFP . On March 12, 2023, the Federal Reserve announced the creation of the new Bank Term Funding Program BTFP ), which offers loans for a term of up to one year to eligible borrowers, secured by eligible collateral owned as of March 12, 2023. Eligible borrowers include any federally insured depository institution or U.S. branch or agency of a foreign bank that is eligible for primary credit with the Federal Reserve. Eligible collateral is any collateral eligible for purchase by the Federal Reserve in open market operations, which includes U.S. Treasuries, agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, among other assets. Eligible collateral will be valued at par and the loans will be made at a fixed rate equal to the one-year overnight index swap rate plus 10 basis points. Loans can be requested under the program until at least March 11, 2024. The BTFP is backstopped by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which will provide up to 25 billion in credit protection to the Federal Reserve in connection with the program. Given the favorable terms of secured loans under the BTFP, the Bank s depository institution members may determine to request loans under the BTFP rather than requesting Bank advances, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on Bank advances balances. 
 175 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: An evaluation of the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act )) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Bank s President and Chief Executive Officer, Jos R. Gonz lez, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin M. Neylan, at December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, they concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports it files or submits under the Act is (i) accumulated and communicated to the Bank s management (including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting: There were no changes in the Bank s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Act) during the Bank s fourth quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bank s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on this Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . Not applicable. 
 176 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 2022 and 2023 Board of Directors The FHLBank Act, as amended by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 HERA ), provides that a FHLBank s board of directors is to comprise thirteen Directors, or such other number as the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency Finance Agency or FHFA determines appropriate. For both 2022 and 2023, the FHFA Director designated nineteen directorships for us, eleven of which were Member Directorships and eight of which were Independent Directorships. One New Jersey Member Director seat remained vacant from April 7, 2022 through and until December 31, 2022 due to the departure of a New Jersey Member Director in the final year of their term from the Board due to a corporate merger. All individuals serving as Bank Directors must be United States citizens. A majority of the directors serving on the Board must be Member Directors and at least two-fifths must be Independent Directors. A Member Directorship may be held only by an officer or director of a member institution that is located within our district and that meets all minimum regulatory capital requirements. There are no other qualification requirements for Member Directors apart from the foregoing. Member Directors are, generally speaking, elected by our stockholders in, respectively, New York, New Jersey, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Our Board of Directors is ordinarily not permitted to nominate or elect Member Directors; however, the Board may appoint a director to fill a vacant Member Directorship in the event that no nominations are received from members in the course of the Member Director election process. In the event that only one nomination is received from members for an open Member Directorship, that nominee will automatically be declared elected by the Bank. (The Board may also take action to fill Member Directorship vacancies that arise for other reasons.) Each member institution that is required to hold stock as of the record date, which is December 31 of the year prior to the year in which the election is held, may nominate and/or vote for representatives from member institutions in its respective state to fill open Member Directorships. The Finance Agency s election regulation provides that none of our directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents, other than in a personal capacity, may support the nomination or election of a particular individual for a Member Directorship. Because of the process described above pertaining to how Member Directors are nominated and elected, we do not know what particular factors our member institutions may consider in nominating particular candidates for Member Directorships or in voting to elect Member Directors. However, if the Board takes action to fill a vacant Member Directorship, we can know what was considered in electing such Director. In general, such considerations may include satisfaction of the regulatory qualification requirements for the Directorship, the nature of the person s experience in the financial industry and at a member institution, knowledge of the person by various members of the Board, and previous service on the Board, if any. In contrast to the requirements pertaining to Member Directorships, an Independent Directorship may, per FHFA regulations, be held, generally speaking, only by an individual who is a bona fide resident of our district, who is not a director, officer, or employee of a member institution or of any person that receives advances from us, and who is not an officer of any FHLBank. At least two Independent Directors must be public interest directors. Public interest directors, as defined by Finance Agency regulations, are Independent Directors who have at least four years of experience representing consumer or community interests in banking services, credit needs, housing or consumer financial protection. Pursuant to Finance Agency regulations, each Independent Director must either satisfy the aforementioned requirements to be a public interest director, or have knowledge or experience in one or more of the following areas: auditing and accounting, derivatives, financial management, organizational management, project development, risk management practices, and the law. 
 177 

Table of Contents 
 Any individual may submit an Independent Director application form and request to be considered by us for inclusion on the Independent Director nominee slate. Our Board of Directors is then required by Finance Agency regulations to consult with our Affordable Housing Advisory Council Advisory Council in establishing the nominee slate. (The Advisory Council is an advisory body consisting of fifteen persons residing in our district appointed by our Board, the members of which are drawn from community and not-for-profit organizations that are actively involved in providing or promoting low and moderate income housing or community lending. The Advisory Council provides advice on ways in which we can better carry out our housing finance and community lending mission.) After the nominee slate is approved by the Board, the slate is then presented to our membership for a district-wide vote. The election regulation permits our directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents, and Advisory Council to support the candidacy of the board of director s nominees for Independent Directorships. (As is the case with Member Directorships, the Board may also take action to fill a vacancy of an Independent Directorship.) The Bank encourages diversity on its Board of Directors and encourages minorities and women to consider service as Bank Directors. Voting rights and processes with regard to the election of Member and Independent Directors are set forth in the FHLBank Act and FHFA regulations. For the election of both Member Directors and Independent Directors, each eligible member institution is entitled to cast one vote for each share of capital stock that it was required to hold as of the record date (which is December 31st). However, the number of votes that each institution may cast for each Directorship cannot exceed the average number of shares of capital stock that were required to be held by all member institutions located in the voting member s state on the record date. The Board does not solicit proxies, nor are member institutions permitted to solicit or use proxies in order to cast their votes in an election. The following table sets forth information regarding each of the directors who served on our Board during the period from January 1, 2022 through the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Footnotes are used to specifically identify (i) one incumbent Independent Director whose term expired at the end of 2022 and who could not run again due to term limits; (ii) one new Independent Director who was elected by the Bank s membership to begin service on the Board commencing on January 1, 2023; (iii) one incumbent Independent Director whose term expired at the end of 2022 and who was re-elected by the Bank s membership to serve again on the Board commencing on January 1, 2023; (iv) one new Jersey Member Director who was deemed automatically elected to begin service on the Board commencing on January 1, 2023; (v) one incumbent New Jersey Member Director who was deemed automatically re-elected to serve again on the Board commencing on January 1, 2023; (vi) one incumbent New Jersey Member Director whose term was set to expire at the end of 2022 but whose Board service ended early due to a corporate merger; (vii) one incumbent New York Member Director who was re-elected by the Bank s New York membership to begin service on the Board commencing on January 1, 2023; and (viii) two Independent Directors who also serve as Public Interest Directors. Following the table is biographical information for each Director. 
 178 

Table of Contents 
 No Director has any family relationship with any other FHLBNY Directors or executive officers. In addition, no Director or executive officer has an involvement in any legal proceeding required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Start of Expiration Bank Most of Most Represents Age as of Director Recent Recent Bank Director Name 3/17/23 Since Term Term Members in Director Type John R. Buran (Chair) 73 12/2010 1/1/20 12/31/23 NY Member Larry E. Thompson (Vice Chair) 72 1/2014 1/1/22 12/31/25 Districtwide Independent Melba I. Acosta (a) 56 1/2023 1/1/23 12/31/26 Districtwide Independent Danelle M. Barrett 55 1/2021 1/1/21 12/31/24 Districtwide Independent Thomas R. Cangemi 54 1/2022 1/1/22 12/31/25 NY Member Kevin Cummings (b) 68 1/2014 1/1/19 12/31/22 NJ Member Thomas L. Hoy 74 1/2012 1/1/20 12/31/23 NY Member David R. Huber (c) 59 1/2019 1/1/23 12/31/26 Districtwide Independent Thomas J. Kemly 64 1/2021 1/1/21 12/31/24 NJ Member Charles E. Kilbourne, III 50 1/2019 1/1/21 12/31/24 Districtwide Independent Kenneth J. Mahon 72 1/2017 1/1/21 12/31/24 NY Member Christopher P. Martin (d) 66 1/2015 1/1/23 12/31/26 NJ Member Richard S. Mroz (e) 61 3/2002 1/1/19 12/31/22 Districtwide Independent David J. Nasca (f) 65 1/2015 1/1/23 12/31/26 NY Member Gerald L. Reeves 68 1/2022 1/1/22 12/31/25 NJ Member Ira Robbins (d) 48 1/2023 1/1/23 12/31/26 NJ Member Stephen S. Romaine 58 1/2019 1/1/21 12/31/24 NY Member DeForest B. Soaries, Jr. 71 1/2009 1/1/20 12/31/23 Districtwide Independent Josie J. Thomas 64 1/2022 1/1/22 12/31/25 Districtwide Independent Carlos J. V zquez 64 11/2013 1/1/22 12/31/25 PR USVI Member ngela Weyne 79 9/2017 1/1/20 12/31/23 Districtwide Independent 

 (a) Director Acosta was elected by the Bank s districtwide membership on November 17, 2022 to serve as an Independent Director for a four year term commencing on January 1, 2023. (b) Director Cummings term as a New Jersey Member Director was set to expire on December 31, 2022; however, due to a corporate merger, his Board service ended effective April 7, 2022. (c) Director Huber served on the Board as an Independent Director throughout 2022, and his term expired on December 31, 2022. On November 17, 2022, he was re-elected by the Bank s districtwide membership to serve as an Independent Director for a new four year term commencing on January 1, 2023. (d) Directors Martin and Robbins, being the only nominated candidates for two New Jersey Member Director seats, and having accepted their nominations, were, on August 31, 2022, deemed automatically re-elected and elected, respectively, to serve as New Jersey Member Directors for four year terms each commencing on January 1, 2023. (e) Director Mroz served on the Board as an Independent Director throughout 2022, and his term expired on December 31, 2022. He was not eligible to run again for a seat on the Board due to term limits. (f) Director Nasca was re-elected by the Bank s New York membership on November 17, 2022 to serve as a New York Member Director for a four year term commencing on January 1, 2023. 
 Independent Directors so indicated also serve as Public Interest Directors. Director Kilbourne has served as a Public Interest Director throughout the entire course of his service covered by this table and Director Soaries service as a Public Interest Director commenced effective October 3, 2018. 
 179 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Buran (Chair) is Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of both Flushing Financial Corporation, the holding company for FHLBNY member Flushing Bank (formerly Flushing Savings Bank), and of Flushing Bank. He joined the holding company and the bank in 2001 as Chief Operating Officer and he became a Director of these entities in 2003. In 2005, he was named President and Chief Executive Officer of both entities. Mr. Buran s career in the banking industry began with Citibank in 1977. There, he held a variety of management positions including Business Manager of its retail distribution in Westchester, Long Island and Manhattan and Vice President in charge of its Investment Sales Division. Mr. Buran left Citibank to become Senior Vice President, Division Head for Retail Services of NatWest Bank and later Executive Vice President of Fleet Bank s (now Bank of America) retail branch system in New York City, Long Island, Westchester and Southern Connecticut. He also spent time as a consultant and Assistant to the President of Carver Bank. Mr. Buran is past Chairman and current Board member of the New York Bankers Association. From 2011 to 2017 he served on the Community Depository Institutions Advisory Council of The Federal Reserve Bank of New York. John is also a former member of the Nassau County Interim Finance Authority where he served for eight years. Mr. Buran has devoted his time to a variety of charitable and not-for-profit organizations. He has been a Board member of the Long Island Association, both the Nassau and Suffolk County Boy Scouts, EAC, Long Island University, the Long Island Philharmonic and Channel 21. He was the fundraising Chairman for the Suffolk County Vietnam Veteran s War Memorial in Farmingville, New York and has been recipient of the Boy Scouts Chief Scout Citizen Award. His work in the community has been recognized by Family and Children s Association, and Gurwin Jewish Geriatric Center. He was also a recipient of the Long Island Association s SBA Small Business Advocate Award. Mr. Buran was honored twice with St. Joseph s College s Distinguished Service Award. Mr. Buran also serves on the Advisory Board and is a former Board President of Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City. He is a Board member of The Korean American Youth Foundation. Mr. Buran also serves on the Board of the Long Island Conservatory. He was recently presented with an honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from St. Francis College of Brooklyn and was the recipient of the Catholic Charities Gold Medal Award in 2019. He holds a B.S. in Management and an M.B.A., both from New York University. 
 180 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Thompson Vice Chair was Vice Chairman of The Depository Trust Clearing Corporation (DTCC) through the end of 2018, and previously served as the Chief Legal Officer/General Counsel of the firm since 2005. He has more than 30 years of experience as a senior executive in corporate law, risk management and regulatory affairs. In his role as DTCC Vice Chairman, Mr. Thompson served as a senior advisor to DTCC and was responsible for all legal and regulatory activities of the company and its subsidiaries. He regularly interfaced with government and regulatory agencies on issues impacting the company. Mr. Thompson was Chairman of the Board of DTCC Deriv/SERV LLC and former Chairman of the DTCC Operating Committee. He was a member of the DTCC Management Committee, which is comprised of the company s executive leadership. In addition, Mr. Thompson was a member of the DTCC Management Risk Committee, where he helped oversee and assess a broad range of issues related to market, capital and operational risks facing the corporation. Mr. Thompson previously served as Chair of a DTCC Board subcommittee charged with reviewing the potential risk impacts of high frequency trading and algorithmic trading as a result of the Knight Capital market event of 2012. Mr. Thompson is the former Co-Chair of the DTCC Internal Risk Management Committee and former Chairman of The Depository Trust Company (DTC) Internal Risk Management Committee. Mr. Thompson began his legal career with DTC as Associate Counsel in 1981 and was elected Vice President and Deputy General Counsel in 1991, Senior Vice President in 1993, General Counsel of DTC in 1999 and Managing Director and First Deputy General Counsel of DTCC in 2004. Previously, he was a partner in the New York law firm of Lake, Bogan, Lenoir, Jones Thompson. Mr. Thompson began his legal career at Davis Polk Wardwell. Mr. Thompson previously served on the Board of Directors of New York Portfolio Clearing (NYPC), a former joint venture derivatives clearinghouse owned by NYSE Euronext and DTCC. He is currently the chairman of the Board of Directors of LedgerX LLC, a digital currency futures and options exchange and clearinghouse., He also serves on the Board of Professional Advisors of the firm Risk Toolbox, Inc. In addition, he also served as former Chairman of the Securities Clearing Group and former Co-Chairman of the Unified Clearing Group. His memberships include the New York State Bar Association; the New York County Lawyers Association; Association of the Bar of the City of New York; Business Executives for National Security; and the Global Association of Risk Professionals. He is a former director of the Legal Aid Society of New York and a former director of The Studio Museum of Harlem. Mr. Thompson received his B.A. from Yale University and his J.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. Ms. Acosta is, since 2017, a Counsel in the law firm of McConnell Valdes, LLC, where her main areas of practice include corporate law, banking and financial institutions, commercial financing, M As, reorgs, governance, public financing, and debt restructuring. She regularly advises national and local banks, broker-dealers, mortgage institutions and other financial institutions on a wide range of complex corporate and financial transactions and regulatory matters. Ms. Acosta s public experience includes serving as President of the Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico (GDB), as Secretary of the Department of the Treasury and Chief Public Finance Officer for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, from 2013 to 2016. During her tenure, she spearheaded the efforts to restructure approximately 68 billion public debt of the Commonwealth. She provided testimony to Congress on several occasions regarding Puerto Rico s fiscal situation, this as part of the efforts for the approval of the federal law known as PROMESA that allowed Puerto Rico to restructure its public debt. She was also Chair of various Boards and committees, including the GDB and its subsidiaries, Economic Development Bank, the Corporation for the Revitalization of the PR Electric Power Authority, the Puerto Rico Teacher s Retirement System and the 2014 Tax Reform Committee. From 2001 to 2004 she served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget and Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Commonwealth. As CIO, she spearheaded the development of the first e-government transactions. She was also the Government Authorized Representative for FEMA. Prior to that, she served as Chief of Staff to the Mayor of the city of San Juan, Puerto Rico, overseeing the city s operations, including finances, public works, housing, social services and economic development, among others. Ms. Acosta, who is a certified public accountant, attorney and notary public, has held executive roles in both banking, finance and operations (including EVP, CFO, CAO/COO and Corporate Risk Manager) of a holding company of commercial banking entities, where she dealt with banking and securities regulatory issues, including among others, anti-money laundering, privacy, information security, regulatory examinations, asset quality, risk management and complex accounting issues, such as restatement of financials. As such, she was member of ALCO, Investment, Risk Management and Executive Committees. She started her career as a tax consultant with Price Waterhouse. For over 15 years she has been a member of the Board of Trustees of the Museum of Art of Puerto Rico, having served as Chair and Treasurer. She is member of the Board of Directors of the Fundaci n Luis Mu oz Mar n, of the Board of Hospital La Concepcion, a past member of the Board of United Ways of Puerto Rico, where she also served as President of the Audit Committee and an Elected Numerary of the Academia Puertorrique a de Jurisprudencia y Legislaci n. Ms. Acosta holds a Bachelor of Business Administration, with an accounting major, and a Juris Doctor degree, both magna cum laude, from the University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras. She also holds a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard University s Graduate School of Business, Boston, Massachusetts. Ms. Acosta s experience in law, as well as in auditing accounting, financial management, organizational management, project management and risk management, as indicated by her background described above, support her qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. 
 181 

Table of Contents 
 Rear Admiral Barrett, USN (Ret.) was born in Buffalo, New York and is a 1989 graduate of Boston University with a Bachelor of Arts in History where she received her commission as an officer from the U. S. Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps in a ceremony aboard the USS Constitution. She holds Masters of Arts in Management from Webster University, National Security Strategic Studies from the U.S. Naval War College, and Human Resources Development from Webster University. She also earned a Master of Science in Information Management from Syracuse University. As an admiral, Danelle served as Director of Current Operations at U.S. Cyber Command, and assumed duties in 2017 as the Navy Cyber Security Division Director and Deputy Chief Information Officer on the Chief of Naval Operations staff. In her last position in the U.S. Navy, she led the Navy s strategic development and execution of digital and cyber security efforts, enterprise information technology improvements and cloud policy and governance for 700,000 personnel across a global network. An innovator, she implemented visionary digital transformation to modernize with unprecedented speed, significantly improving Navy Information Warfare capabilities. Ms. Barrett s other tours of duty include assignments as Commanding Officer, Naval Computer and Telecommunications Area Master Station Atlantic where she directly led the largest telecommunications station in the Navy with responsibility for 2,700 people in 15 subordinate organizations worldwide; Chief of Staff, Navy Information Forces Command, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command/U.S. 5th Fleet and 2nd Fleet, Carrier Strike Group 2 and Carrier Strike Group 12 which included deployments in support of Operations Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Unified Response in Haiti, MultiNational Forces Iraq; Naval Computer and Telecommunications Stations in Jacksonville and Puerto Rico and Standing Joint Force Headquarters United States Pacific Command. She currently executes a portfolio of work that includes consulting, public speaking, and writing. She is an independent director on the boards of the Protego Trust Company and ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp., and is on several advisory boards for other organizations. Her personal awards include Defense Superior Service Medal and other military decorations, Federal 100 winner 2010; Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association Women in Leadership Award 2014; Women in Technology Leadership Award 2017 and the Executive Women s Forum Women of Influence Award 2019. Ms. Barrett earned the National Defense University Chief Information Officer and Information Security certifications and has published 35 articles. She is the author of the recent book Rock The Boat: Embrace Change, Encourage Innovation and Be a Successful Leader . Rear Admiral Barrett s organizational management, project development and risk management experience, as well as her experience in cybersecurity and digital transformation, as indicated by her background described above, support her qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. Mr. Cangemi serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of New York Community Bancorp, Inc. NYCB and its subsidiary and FHLBNY member Flagstar Bank, N.A. (formerly known prior to a corporate merger that became effective on December 1, 2022 as New York Community Bank). He was appointed President and CEO as well as Director of NYCB and New York Community Bank effective December 31, 2020, and served as Chairman of NYCB and New York Community Bank from March 26, 2021 to November 30, 2022. Prior to this, Mr. Cangemi served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NYCB and New York Community Bank since April 5, 2005. He joined NYCB and New York Community Bank on July 31, 2001 as Executive Vice President and Director of the Capital Markets Group, and was named Senior Executive Vice President of NYCB and New York Community Bank on October 31, 2003. Prior to joining NYCB and New York Community Bank, Mr. Cangemi was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of both Richmond County Financial Corp. and Richmond County Savings Bank. Before joining Richmond County in 1997, Mr. Cangemi served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Secretary of Continental Bank, a commercial bank based in Garden City, New York and, previously, as Director of Corporate SEC Reporting for an electronics corporation in Boca Raton, Florida. From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Cangemi was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sunrise Bancorp, a publicly traded thrift headquartered on Long Island. Previously, Mr. Cangemi was a member of the SEC Professional Practice Group of KPMG Peat Marwick serving financial institutions. Mr. Cangemi serves as Treasurer and a member of the Board of Directors of the Richmond County Savings Foundation and a member of the Board of Directors of the New York Community Bank Foundation. In addition, Mr. Cangemi is a member of the Board of Trustees of The Whaling Museum Education Center of Cold Spring Harbor. Previously, Mr. Cangemi was a member of the Board of Directors of Peter B. Cannell Co., Inc., a New York City-based investment management firm, a Board member and a member of the Development Committee of the Long Island Children s Museum, on the Board of Directors of Friends of the Arts, a member of the Council of Overseers of the Tilles Center for the Performing Arts; and a member of the Board of Trustees of the East Woods School. Mr. Cangemi is a former recipient of the Crain s New York Business 40 Under 40 list of the top executives under the age of 40. Mr. Cangemi holds a B.B.A. from the School of Professional Accountancy at Dowling College, and is a certified public accountant and a member of the AICPA. 
 182 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Cummings was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Investors Bancorp, Inc. and former FHLBNY member Investors Bank effective May 22, 2018. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of these companies since January 1, 2008 and was appointed to serve on the boards of these companies on the same date. Prior to 2008, he had served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Investors Bank since July 2003. Mr. Cummings service on our Board ended as of April 7, 2022 due to the acquisition of Investors Bancorp, Inc. by Citizens Financial Group, Inc. and the merger of Investors Bank into Citizens Bank, National Association. Prior to joining Investors Bank, Mr. Cummings had a 26-year career with the independent accounting firm of KPMG LLP, where he had been partner for 14 years. Immediately prior to joining Investors Bank, he was an audit partner in KPMG s Financial Services practice in their New York City office and lead partner on a major commercial banking client. Mr. Cummings also worked in the New Jersey community bank practice for over 20 years. Mr. Cummings has a Bachelor s degree in Economics from Middlebury College and a Master s degree in Business Administration from Rutgers University. Mr. Cummings has served as a Commissioner on the Summit Board of Recreation. He is a Trustee of The Scholarship Fund for Inner-City Children and the former Chairman of the Board of the New Jersey Bankers Association. He is also a board member of The Community Foundation of New Jersey and St. Benedicts Prep in Newark. Mr. Cummings is a certified public accountant. Mr. Hoy has served as Chairman of FHLBNY member Glens Falls National Bank and Trust Company Glens Falls since April 28, 2004. Mr. Hoy joined Glens Falls in 1974 as a Management Trainee and served as President of Glens Falls from January 1, 1996 through December 31, 2012. He also served as CEO of Glens Falls from 1997 through December 31, 2012. Mr. Hoy also has served as a director of FHLBNY member Saratoga National Bank and Trust Company Saratoga since April 27, 2022. He has also served as Chairman of Arrow Financial Corporation Arrow ), the holding company for Glens Falls and Saratoga, since April 28, 2004. He became President of Arrow in 1996 and CEO in 1997 and served as President of Arrow through June 30, 2012 and CEO of the company through December 31, 2012. He has served as a director of North Country Mutual Funds since 2015. Mr. Hoy is a graduate of Cornell University and has been active in various banking organizations, including serving as past President of the Independent Bankers Association of New York, past Chairman of the New York Bankers Association, and past member of the American Bankers Association Board of Directors. Mr. Hoy served four years on active duty in the Navy as a Surface Warfare Officer on various destroyers, and retired after twenty years as a Commander in the U.S. Naval Reserve. He has been extremely active in his community, serving on numerous Boards and leading several community fundraising efforts. He has been recognized for his community service with the J. Walter Juckett Award from the Adirondack Regional Chambers of Commerce, the Twin Rivers Council s Good Scout Award, the C.R. Wood Theater s Charles R. Wood Award, the Warren County Bar Association Liberty Bell Award, and the Henry Crandall Award from the Crandall Public Library. Mr. Huber is the President of Huber Advisory Services, which provides consulting services to clients in the healthcare and insurance industries. He served through the end of 2018 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey (Horizon), which is New Jersey s largest health insurer. He had been with Horizon since 2002 and served as Vice President of Finance before being promoted to CFO in 2012. Mr. Huber was formerly an audit partner in Arthur Andersen s Financial Services practice in Metro New York, where he served clients in the insurance and banking industries. Mr. Huber has a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Lehigh University and is a CPA. Mr. Huber serves on the Board of Trustees of the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra. He served on the board of the New Jersey Economic Development Authority and was Chair of the Loan Committee and the Audit Committee. Mr. Huber s auditing and accounting and financial management experience supports his qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. 
 183 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Kemly was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of FHLBNY member Columbia Bank, effective December 31, 2011. Prior to his appointment, he held various positions at the bank including Controller, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Kemly joined Columbia Bank s Board of Directors in 2006 and the Columbia Bank Foundation s Foundation Board of Directors upon inception in 2004; he was named Chairman of the Foundation in 2012. Mr. Kemly has also served since 2006 as a director, and since 2012 as the president, of Columbia Financial, Inc., Columbia Bank s mid-tier stock holding company. Columbia Financial, Inc. is in turn a majority-owned subsidiary of Columbia Bank MHC; Mr. Kemly has served as a director of this entity since 2006. Mr. Kemly was also named to the Board of FHLBNY member Freehold Bank in 2021. With over 40 years of experience, Mr. Kemly has served as an active member of the banking industry. He has held several leadership positions including Chairman and Board Member of the New Jersey Bankers Association, President of Northern New Jersey Community Bankers, Board Member for the Commerce and Industry Association of New Jersey, Board Member of the Bankers Cooperative Group, Board Member of the New Jersey Bankers Charitable Foundation, President of the Financial Managers Society for the New York and New Jersey Chapter, and was a member of the OCC Mutual Savings Association Advisory Committee. As an active member of the local community, Mr. Kemly has expanded Columbia Bank s volunteering initiative Team Columbia , which encourages employees to volunteer their time and give back to those in need. In conjunction with Columbia Bank s IPO in 2018, he grew the Columbia Bank Foundation to one of the largest private giving Foundations in the state of New Jersey. Mr. Kemly has been formally recognized for his continued support by organizations including New Bridge Services, the Boys and Girls Club of Paterson, and the Passaic Community College Foundation. He previously served on the Board of Directors for New Bridge Services. Mr. Kemly holds Bachelor s degrees in Business Administration and Psychology from Trenton State College and an MBA in Finance from Fordham University. Mr. Kilbourne is a Managing Director of the Financial Services Volunteer Corps (FSVC), a not-for-profit, private-public partnership that helps to build sound financial systems in transition and emerging market countries. As a member of FSVC s executive management team, he has extensive experience working to strengthen central banking capabilities, and to develop commercial banking systems and securities markets. Mr. Kilbourne is an officer of FSVC serving as Secretary of the Corporation. Mr. Kilbourne previously served as Senior Advisor to the Commissioner of New York State Homes and Community Renewal, and later as Vice President of the Financial Services Forum, a public-policy organization composed of CEOs from the largest, most diversified financial services institutions based in the United States. Mr. Kilbourne is a Trustee of the Wright Family Foundation in Schenectady, New York, and serves on the Board of Directors of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Schenectady. He is the President of the Board of Directors of Better Community Neighborhoods, Inc. based in Schenectady. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Mr. Kilbourne holds a Bachelor s degree in Political Science from Tufts University, and a Master s degree in International Affairs from Georgetown University. Mr. Kilbourne s project development and financial management experience, as indicated by his background described above, supports his qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director and a public interest director. Mr. Mahon joined FHLBNY member Dime Community Bank the Bank in 1980. Mr. Mahon most recently served as the Bank s Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2014 to December 2016, prior to being elevated to the Bank s President and CEO in January 2017 (a title he held through the end of January, 2021). In February 2021 he became Executive Chairman of the Bank s Board. Mr. Mahon has served as a Director of the Bank since 1988. Mr. Mahon was also the CEO of the Bank s holding company, Dime Community Bancshares (the Company from January 1, 2017 through the end of January, 2021. Mr. Mahon became Executive Chairman of the Company s Board on February 1, 2021. He has served as a director of the Company since 2002. He was formerly a board member of the Committee for Hispanic Children and Families CHCF ), and a former director of Southside United HDFC Los Sures ), a community support organization in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and of Brooklyn Legal Services Corporation A, a non-profit which provides legal services for low income families in Brooklyn. Mr. Mahon is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors. 
 184 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Martin is, as of January 1, 2022, Executive Chairman of Provident Financial Services, Inc. and of its subsidiary and FHLBNY member Provident Bank, New Jersey s oldest state-chartered bank. He was first elected as Chairman in 2010, served as Chief Executive Officer from 2009 until December 31, 2021, and served as President from 2004 through mid-2020. He has been in the banking industry for over 35 years. Mr. Martin previously served as president and chief executive officer of First Sentinel Bancorp, Inc., which was acquired by Provident Financial Services, Inc. in July 2004. Prior to his banking career, Mr. Martin worked for Johnson Johnson in inventory control and as a financial analyst. Mr. Martin previously served on the board of directors of the New Jersey Bankers Association. In addition, he served on the Federal Reserve Community Depository Institutions Advisory Council. He is a member of the Government Relations Council of the American Bankers Association. He also dedicates much of his spare time helping to improve the community. Mr. Martin is a vice president of The 200 Club of Middlesex County, which provides financial assistance and scholarships to families of law enforcement, fire and public safety officials. He serves on the board of trustees and the executive and investment committees of Elon University, and is a past president of the alumni board. Mr. Martin volunteers at local food pantries and Habitat for Humanity build sites. He also spends time teaching financial literacy to high school students at inner city schools. Mr. Martin is president of The Provident Bank Foundation, which, since its founding in 2003, has provided more than 30 million in grants for programs focusing on community enrichment, education, and health, youth and families in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Mr. Martin has been honored for his philanthropic endeavors as a recipient of the New Jersey State Governor s Jefferson Awards for Public Service, has been honored by the National MS Society, the American Jewish Committee, The Scholarship Fund for Inner-City Children, Habitat for Humanity, Boys and Girls Club of America, and Project Live. Mr. Martin received a bachelor s degree in accounting and business from Elon University and holds a MBA from Monmouth University. 
 185 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Mroz has a long career in law, government, and public service. His experiences are as a regulator, lawyer, lobbyist and consultant. He is Managing Director, and Founding Member, of Resolute Strategies, LLC, a regulatory and public affairs consulting business based in New Jersey and also is Senior Director with Archer Public Affair in Trenton, NJ and Washington, DC. He provides regulatory and strategic advice to clients on issues including energy markets, energy industry technologies, cybersecurity, water wastewater policy, and infrastructure development and financing. He continues to provide public service as a member of the U.S. Department of Energy Electric Advisory Committee, which provides advice to the Department regarding modernizing the nation s electricity delivery infrastructure. Mr. Mroz is also Senior Advisor to Protect Our Power, a national non-profit advocacy organization seeking to advance protective measures, best practices and investments for cybersecurity, an issue on which he regularly is called up to comment at educational forums and in media interviews. He is the immediate past President of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU), serving as chairman and chief administrative officer of the agency and functioning as the chief energy officer for New Jersey. He was President of the NJBPU from October 2014 until January 2018, and remained as a Commissioner until April 2018. Prior to becoming President of the NJBPU, he worked in private practice as a lawyer and lobbyist as Managing Director of Archer Public Affairs and was Of Counsel to Archer Greiner P.C., in Haddonfield, New Jersey. Previous New Jersey-related government service includes serving as the full time Solicitor for Camden County, New Jersey and as a Commissioner of the Delaware River Bay Authority and, notably, as Chief Counsel to Governor Christine Todd Whitman after serving in various capacities in her Administration. He is a graduate of the University of Delaware, and holds a J.D. from the Villanova School of Law. The legal and regulatory experience of Mr. Mroz, as indicated by his background described above, supported his qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. His service on our Board ended due to term limits on December 31, 2022. Mr. Nasca has, since 2006, served a Director and President and Chief Executive Officer of Evans Bancorp, Inc. and FHLBNY member Evans Bank, N.A., a 2.2 billion nationally chartered community focused commercial bank. Prior to joining Evans, Mr. Nasca spent 11 years at First Niagara Financial Group with increasing executive responsibilities including; Senior Vice President and Treasurer; President and CEO of its commercial banking subsidiary, Cayuga Bank, shortly after it was acquired by First Niagara, as well as Regional President in Central New York; and Executive Vice President of Strategic Initiatives, where he was integrally involved in the development of strategic plans, implementation of First Niagara s merger and acquisition efforts, and management of its enterprise-wide risk management program. In addition, Mr. Nasca s experience includes executive positions with Chemical Bank, Goldome FSB, and Goldome Realty Corp. He earned his MBA in Finance from the State University of New York at Buffalo and a BS in Management/Marketing from Canisius College. Mr. Nasca is a member and past President of the Board of the Independent Bankers Association of New York State, a member of the New York Bankers Association and past Chair of the New York Bankers Association Service Corporation, and a former member of the Board of Directors of the New York Business Development Corporation. He is also involved in his community on several boards, including serving as a member of the Canisius College Business Advisory Council of its Richard J. Wehle School of Business; serving as a Governing Board Member of Lifetime Healthcare, Inc. and of its subsidiaries Excellus Health Plan, Inc. (a member of the FHLBNY), MedAmerica, Inc., and Univera Healthcare; and serving as a board member of the Buffalo Urban Development Corporation, The Buffalo Niagara Partnership, and Brothers of Mercy, Inc., a Continuing Care Community. Mr. Reeves has been a Director of FHLBNY member Sturdy Savings Bank since January 2008. He retired as President and CEO of the institution on January 9, 2023, after serving in these positions since 2008. Prior to his appointment to the position of President and CEO, he held various positions since joining the bank in 1991, including Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, Senior Loan Officer, Director of Commercial Lending and Senior Vice President. He has worked in the banking industry for 42 years in Southern New Jersey. Prior to joining Sturdy Savings Bank, he served as a regional vice president of Commercial Lending for Chemical Bank. He has served the NJBankers Association in many capacities including as a Commercial Lending Committee Chairperson, a Member of the Board of Directors, and a Member of the Executive Committee, as well as serving two-one year terms as the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Reeves served one term as a member of the CDIAC Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. His community service includes 27 years on the Board of Education of the West Cape May Elementary School district, 42 years as a member of the Kiwanis Club of Cape May, 12 years as a member of the Cape Regional Hospital Foundation Board and 25 years as a member of the Cape May County Fishing Loan Council. He is a graduate of the University of Delaware, with a Bachelor of Science degree in Financial Management, and he earned an MBA from Monmouth University. 
 186 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Robbins is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FHLBNY member Valley National Bank (NASDAQ: VLY). He joined Valley in 1996 as part of the Bank s Management Associate Program and has grown along with the company in a number of leadership positions before being appointed to Chairman and CEO in 2018. As CEO, he has led Valley into the future while keeping true to the company s roots as a local bank. Ira s vision for success is building a purpose-driven organization which includes embracing innovation, being customer-centric, promoting social responsibility, and empowering Valley s associates. Ira earned his bachelor s degree from Susquehanna University, his MBA from Pace University and is a graduate of Stonier Graduate School of Banking. He is a Certified Public Accountant in New Jersey and a member of both the New Jersey Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Public Accountants. He serves on the board of the Jewish Vocational Service of MetroWest NJ (JVS), is on the Morris Habitat for Humanity Leadership Council and takes great pride in community outreach as an active supporter of several other philanthropic organizations in his community. Ira also serves on the board of the American Bankers Association, the New Jersey Bankers Association and the New York Bankers Association. Mr. Romaine , effective January 1, 2022, serves as Chief Executive Officer and a director of FHLBNY member Tompkins Community Bank TCB (formerly Tompkins Trust Company); he formerly served as Chairman of TCB from May 2014 through December 2021. He has also served as a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer of TCB s holding company, Tompkins Financial Corporation, since January 1, 2007. Mr. Romaine also served as a director on the boards of former FHLBNY members Tompkins Mahopac Bank from January 2003 and Tompkins Bank of Castile from January 2007 until these entities merged into TCB effective January 1, 2022. Mr. Romaine currently serves on the Board of the New York Bankers Association, and served as its Chairman from March 2016 through March 2017. His civic involvement includes recent service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Legacy Foundation of Tompkins County. Dr. Soaries is the President and CEO of Corporate Community Connections, Inc., a company that assists corporations expand and improve their Corporate Social Responsibility efforts. He served as the Senior Pastor of First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens FBCLG in Somerset, New Jersey from November 1990 to July 2021. His pastoral ministry focused on spiritual growth, educational excellence, economic empowerment, and faith-based community development. As a pioneer of faith-based community development, Dr. Soaries impact on FBCLG and the community was tremendous. In 1992, he founded the Central Jersey Community Development Corporation CJCDC ), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that specializes in helping vulnerable neighborhoods. In 1996, the CJCDC launched Harvest of Hope Family Services Network, Inc. This organization developed permanent solutions for hundreds of foster children and parents. From 1999 to 2002, Dr. Soaries served as New Jersey s Secretary of State, making him the first African-American male to serve in that office. He also served as the former chairperson of the United States Election Assistance Commission, which was established by Congress to implement the Help America Vote Act of 2002. In 2005, Dr. Soaries launched the dfree Financial Freedom Movement. The dfree strategy teaches people how to become financially self-sufficient. In 2011, Dr. Soaries wrote his first book: dfree : Breaking Free from Financial Slavery (Zondervan), which offers a 12-step curriculum for financial wellness. Dr. Soaries currently serves as an Independent Director at Independence Realty Trust and Ocwen Financial Corporation. In July 2020, he became a Director of Uncommon Giving, a company formed to help increase charitable giving by connecting people and nonprofits. Dr. Soaries earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Fordham University, a Master of Divinity Degree from Princeton Theological Seminary, and a Doctor of Ministry Degree from United Theological Seminary. Dr. Soaries resides in Monmouth Junction, New Jersey with his wife, Donna, and twin sons. Dr. Soaries project development experience, as indicated by his background described above, supports his qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director and a public interest director. 
 187 

Table of Contents 
 Ms. Thomas was Executive Vice President, Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer at CBS Corporation (later CBS) beginning in 2014 through February 2020 and served on CBS s senior leadership team for more than 20 years. She was also an advisor to senior management at ViacomCBS Inc. prior to her retirement in August 2020. As the architect of CBS s enterprise diversity function, Ms. Thomas identified new markets to expand brand outreach, loyalty and viewership with new revenue opportunities. She also developed innovative programs, from the CBS Diversity Institute to internal and external outreach, as well as a cost-effective supplier diversity initiative and engagement with CBS s Government Affairs office. Ms. Thomas managed budgets across functions and worked closely with business units with a focus on efficiencies across the enterprise. As a member of the CBS Executive Sustainability Council, Ms. Thomas reviewed business unit operations to formalize processes, data collection and analytics for ESG opportunities. Previously, Ms. Thomas served as head of Business Affairs for CBS News where, as an attorney, she was the principal negotiator of content expansion and talent contracts. Ms. Thomas also transformed the CBS News archives into a profit center. Ms. Thomas is a graduate of Harvard University with honors and received a J.D. degree from the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law. Ms. Thomas has been a member of the New York State Bar since 1984 and began her legal career specializing in litigation and intellectual property law before joining CBS as Broadcast Counsel in 1986. Her leadership at nonprofit organizations is wide ranging and included positions as Treasurer and National Board Executive Committee member of the Alliance for Women in Media, with audit, risk assessment and governance responsibilities, where she currently serves on its Foundation board. She was Chair of the Grants, Education and Policy Committee of Komen NYC Race for the Cure and Chair of the NAACP Spingarn Award committee in 2010 and again in 2018. She was also Board Chair of the Institute for Advanced Journalism Studies at North Carolina A T, and served on the Board of Visitors of Howard University s School of Communications from 2005 to 2022. Ms. Thomas has received numerous awards and honors including the Congressionally recognized Ellis Island Medal of Honor, a 20th Anniversary Multichannel News Wonder Woman Award, and recognized by the Financial Times in its 2021 Agenda Diversity 100 as well as multiple recognitions by Black Enterprise magazine. She was also inducted into the Disability Mentoring Hall of Fame. Ms. Thomas legal and regulatory and organizational management experience, and her experience with diversity, supports her qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. Mr. V zquez has since April 2004 served as Senior Executive Vice President of Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (BPPR), Puerto Rico s largest bank and a member of the FHLBNY. He served as director of BPPR from October 2011 to July 2021. From September 2010 until September 2014, he was President of Popular Bank (PB), a New-York chartered bank and member of the FHLBNY; since October 2010 he has served as a director of PB. In 2013, Mr. V zquez was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Popular, Inc., the bank holding company of BPPR and PB. Popular, Inc. is a NASDAQ listed and SEC registered company (ticker: BPOP) which is presently the 40st largest financial holding company in the United States with assets over 67 billion and is principally supervised by the Federal Reserve Bank of NY. Mr. V zquez is a member of Popular, Inc. s Senior Management Team, heads Popular s Asset Liability Management Committee and serves as a member of Popular s Credit Strategy Committee. He is also a member of the board of directors of certain subsidiaries of Popular, Inc., including Popular Securities Inc. and Popular Auto LLC, and is Vice Chairman of the Banco Popular Foundation. Mr. V zquez joined Popular, Inc. as Executive Vice President in March 1997 to establish and head Popular s Risk Management Group, which included the Credit Risk Management, Audit, Corporate Compliance, Operational Risk Management, and the Risk Management MIS Divisions. From 2004 through 2010 he headed Popular, Inc. s Consumer Lending Group for Puerto Rico, responsible for personal loans, credit cards, overdraft lines-of-credit, the mortgage origination and servicing business via Popular Mortgage; as well as the auto, marine and equipment financing business via Popular Auto. Before joining Popular, Inc., Mr. V zquez spent fifteen years in a variety of corporate finance, capital markets and banking positions with JP Morgan Co. Inc. In the two years prior to his joining Popular, Inc., he was Senior Banker and Region Manager for JP Morgan s business in Colombia, Venezuela, Central America and the Caribbean. Mr. V zquez also serves on the national Advisory Board of Directors of Operation Hope, a national non-for-profit focusing on financial literacy. Finally, he is a member of the Advisory Committee to the Dean of the School of Engineering at his alma matter, the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Previously, Mr. V zquez served as a member of the board of directors for the Puerto Rico Community Foundation, the largest community foundation in the Caribbean; where he headed the Audit and Investment Committees. He was a director of Teatro de la Opera, a non-for-profit entity dedicated to the promotion of opera. He also contributed to various educational institutions in Puerto Rico, serving as a member of the board of trustees of the Saint John s School and a member of the Development Committee for Colegio San Ignacio de Loyola. Mr. V zquez holds a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering, with an economics minor, from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, New York; from which he graduated on the Dean s List and as a member and officer of Chi Epsilon, the National Civil Engineering Honor Society. He also holds a Masters in Business Administration from Harvard University s Graduate School of Business, Boston, Massachusetts. 
 188 

Table of Contents 
 Ms. Weyne was the Commissioner of lnsurance for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico from January 2013 through December 2016, appointed by former Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla. While Commissioner, Ms. Weyne served as Vice President of the board of the Puerto Rico State Insurance Fund Corporation and of the Puerto Rico Health Insurance Administration, and she presided over the board of the Puerto Rico Automobile Accident Compensation Administration. She was also a member of various committees of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and also a member of the Association of Latin American Insurance Superintendents Association. Ms. Weyne s accomplishments during her 40 years of experience in the insurance sector, which started as an actuary in the Office of the Commissioner of Insurance, have included presiding a premium finance company, a claims adjusting firm, a managing general agent of which she later became owner, and presidencies of both life and disability and property and casualty companies and the presidency of the largest bank owned insurance agency in Puerto Rico. She was also president of the first reinsurance company incorporated in Puerto Rico and served as president of two health maintenance organizations. Ms. Weyne received her bachelor s degree in mathematics from the University of Puerto Rico, where she also taught mathematics. Among the entities where she has served as a board member are the Puerto Rico Chamber of Commerce, the Puerto Rico Association of Insurance Companies, the Universidad Central del Caribe, the Trust of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico, the Puerto Rico Chapter of the World Presidents Organization as well as the Tourism Scholarship Foundation and the School of Architecture of the University of Puerto Rico, and the MMM Foundation, where she served as the Board Chair in 2022). She has also received numerous awards and recognitions such as the Top Management Award from the Sales and Marketing Association of Puerto Rico, Outstanding Woman in Business Award from the Puerto Rico Chamber of Commerce, Outstanding Woman Award from the Girl Scouts of America, and Successful Woman of the Year Award from El Nuevo Dia Newspaper. She was also named National Judge for the Ernst Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award program. Presently, Ms. Weyne is a consultant and serves as a member of the advisory board of Rafael J. Nido, Inc. Ms. Weyne s organizational and financial management experience, as indicated by her background described above, supports her qualifications to serve on our Board as an Independent Director. 
 189 

Table of Contents 
 Information about our Executive Officers The following sets forth the executive officers of the FHLBNY who served during 2022 and as of the date of this annual report. We have determined that our executive officers are those officers who are members of our internal Management Committee. All officers are at will employees and do not serve for a fixed term. 

Management Age as of Employee of Committee Executive Officer Position held as of 3/17/23 3/17/2023 Bank Since Member Since Jos R. Gonz lez President Chief Executive Officer 68 10/15/13 10/15/13 Stephen C. Angelo Senior Vice President, Chief Audit Officer 55 09/22/08 07/12/16 Edwin Artuz Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Director of Diversity and Inclusion 61 03/01/89 01/01/13 Melody J. Feinberg Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer 60 10/17/11 01/01/15 Adam Goldstein Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer 49 07/14/97 03/20/08 Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 65 04/30/01 03/31/04 Michael L. Radziemski Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer 61 07/15/19 01/01/20 Philip A. Scott Senior Vice President, Chief Capital Markets Officer Acting Treasurer 64 08/28/06 09/03/14 Michael A. Volpe Senior Vice President, Chief Bank Operations Officer Interim Community Investment Officer 55 12/22/86 10/01/19 Jonathan R. West Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer 66 05/01/15 05/01/15 Left employment 7/25/98; rehired 10/23/06. Mr. Gonz lez was appointed President and CEO of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York on April 2, 2014. Mr. Gonz lez joined the FHLBNY on October 15, 2013, as Executive Vice President. Mr. Gonz lez served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY from 2008 through 2013, and as an elected industry director from 2004 through 2013. Prior to joining the FHLBNY, he served as Senior Executive Vice President, Banking Corporate Development for OFG Bancorp (formerly Oriental Financial Group, Inc.). Mr. Gonz lez has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions since July of 2014 and has served as Vice Chair since January of 2022. He has also been a member of the Board of Directors of the Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks since April of 2014 and has served as Vice Chair since May of 2021. Further, Mr. Gonz lez has been a member of the Resolution Funding Corporation Directorate since September of 2022. From August of 2016 to August of 2020, Mr. Gonz lez served as a member of the Oversight Board created by the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act PROMESA of 2016. Mr. Gonz lez was a member of the Board of Directors of Santander BanCorp Santander ), a bank holding company, from 2000 to 2010. From 2002 to 2008, he was Vice Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Santander. After joining Santander in 1996 as President and CEO of its securities broker dealer, Mr. Gonz lez was named Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the holding company in 2001. Mr. Gonz lez began his career in banking in the early 1980s as Vice President, Investment Banking, for Credit Suisse First Boston CSFB and, from 1989 through 1995, served as President and CEO of CSFB s Puerto Rico operations. He served as President and CEO of the Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico, a government instrumentality that acts as the Commonwealth s fiscal agent, from 1986 to 1989. He is a past President of both the Puerto Rico Bankers Association and the Securities Industry Association of Puerto Rico. Mr. Gonz lez holds a B.A. in Economics from Yale University and M.B.A. and Juris Doctor degrees from Harvard University. Mr. Angelo joined the Bank as Chief Audit Officer in September 2008. In this role, he manages the activities of the Internal Audit Department, which provides independent, objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve the Bank s operations. He is also responsible for providing support to the Audit Committee of the Bank s Board of Directors, in connection with matters related to internal controls. Mr. Angelo was appointed to the Management Committee in July 2016. Mr. Angelo holds an M.B.A. in Finance and a B.S. in Accounting, both from New York University s Stern School of Business. He is a Certified Public Accountant CPA and is a member of the American Institute of CPAs and the New York State Society of CPAs as well as the Institute of Internal Auditors. Mr. Angelo began his career as an associate auditor with Coopers Lybrand, and then held positions of increasing responsibilities in internal audit roles at Bankers Trust Company and Bear, Stearns Co. 
 190 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Artuz has served as Chief Administrative Officer and Director of Diversity Inclusion since January 1, 2022. Mr. Artuz previously served as the Head of Corporate Services and Director of Diversity Inclusion beginning on July 1, 2014. Mr. Artuz directs the management of the Bank s Office of Minority and Women Inclusion in the areas of Human Resources, Procurement and education and outreach to ensure that regulatory requirements are met and exceeded. Mr. Artuz also provides overall leadership, strategic direction, and oversight for all of the Bank s human resources activities and operations. These activities and operations include the areas of employment, compensation, benefits, employee relations, employee and organizational training and development, performance management, succession planning, employee communications, and external and internal Human Resources information systems services. Mr. Artuz has the significant responsibility of providing support to the Compensation Human Resources Committee of the Bank s Board of Directors in connection with matters related to executive compensation and benefits. Mr. Artuz also provides strategic direction and leadership to the organization s Corporate Real Estate departments to ensure efficient and effective management of the firm s physical resources. Mr. Artuz holds a graduate degree from New York University in Human Resources Management and an undergraduate degree in History from the College of Staten Island. Prior to joining the Bank in 1989, Mr. Artuz held positions at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom; Dillon, Read Co.; and the Dime Savings Bank of New York. Ms. Feinberg has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer since March 1, 2017. In her current role, Ms. Feinberg oversees the Bank s Enterprise-wide Risk Management practice and serves as the Bank s Compliance Officer. This role encompasses Financial Risk Management and Credit Risk Analytics; Credit and Collateral Risk; Model Risk; Operational Risk; Technology Risk, including cybersecurity risk; Climate Risk and Compliance. She is a member of the Bank s Management Committee and serves on many of the FHLBNY s internal committees, including chairing the Enterprise Risk Committee. She also serves as the primary contact for the Bank s regulator, the Federal Housing Financing Agency. In 2021, Ms. Feinberg launched Leading Ladies, an ongoing program to support, empower, value and recognize the women of the FHLBNY. Ms. Feinberg joined the Bank in October 2011 as the Director of Finance. In that capacity, she was responsible for all aspects of the Bank s finance functions, including advisory on business initiatives, funding and investment decisions, capital planning, tax and regulatory issues, etc. Ms. Feinberg began her career as a CPA with Ernst Young, and then held positions of increasing responsibilities in accounting and finance roles at three investment banks, namely, JP Morgan Chase, HSBC and Goldman Sachs over the course of 18 years. She earned an M.B.A. in Finance from Drexel University and a B.S. in Accounting from The College of New Jersey, both Magna Cum Laude. She is a graduate of the RMA Wharton Advanced Risk Management Program and holds a PRMIA Market, Liquidity, and Asset Liability Management Certification. She is a member of the NYSCPA and AICPA. She is a past presenter to senior executives at the RMA Wharton Advanced Risk Management Program. Since 2014, she has served as a Finance Committee Board Member of 180 Turning Lives Around, an organization that empowers survivors and families affected by domestic violence and sexual assault. Mr. Goldstein was named Chief Business Officer in December of 2015. In this role, he leads the Sales, Marketing, Membership and Research activities for all business lines. In addition, he manages the FHLBNY s Mortgage Asset Programs and Member Service Desk. Mr. Goldstein previously served as the Head of Sales, Business Development and Marketing. Mr. Goldstein joined us in June 1997 and has held a number of key positions in other areas. He has been a member of the FHLBNY s Management Committee since 2008. He serves on many of the FHLB System Committees and is the Chairman of the GSIB Task Force and the In-District Regulatory Outreach Task Force. He also serves on many of the FHLBNY s internal Committees and created the Products, Services and Membership Committee and created the FHLBNY s Leadership Framework. He is a co-sponsor leading the FHLBNY s Strategic Planning process, where he assists with the development and execution of the strategic plan and new initiatives. He speaks at a variety of trade conventions and conferences, engages bond investors and provides training for regulatory agencies as the Bank s member regulatory and trade organization leader. Mr. Goldstein is a member of the American FinTech Council and a member of their Community Advisory Board. In addition to an undergraduate degree from the State University of New York at Oneonta and an M.B.A. in Financial Marketing from SUNY Binghamton University, Mr. Goldstein has received post-graduate program certifications in Management Excellence from the Harvard University School of Business, in Business Excellence from Columbia University, in Management Development from Cornell University, in Management Practices from New York University and in Finance from The New York Institute of Finance. He is also a trustee on the Board of the Kennedy Child Study Center and Chairman of their Finance Committee and former Chairman of their Audit Committee. Mr. Neylan became Chief Financial Officer on March 30, 2012. Mr. Neylan is responsible for overseeing the Bank s Accounting, Management Reporting and Strategic Planning functions. He has held several positions with strategic planning, finance and administrative responsibilities since joining us in April 2001. Immediately prior to becoming the CFO, Mr. Neylan was the Head of Strategy and Finance, and served as the Head of Strategy and Business Development from January 2009 through December 2011. Mr. Neylan had approximately twenty years of experience in the financial services industry prior to joining the Bank, and was 
 191 

Table of Contents 
 previously a partner in the financial services consulting group of one of the Big Four accounting firms. He holds a M.S. in corporate strategy from the MIT Sloan School of Management and a B.S. in management from St. John s University (NY). Ms. Palladino retired on March 31, 2022, at which time she was Senior Vice President and Head of Affordable Housing and Community Investment, with responsibility for the oversight of the Bank s affordable housing and community lending programs and initiatives. Ms. Palladino previously served as Vice President and Director of Collateral and Affordable Housing Services from July 2016 through September 2019. Prior to that, she served as Vice President holding the functional titles of Director of Collateral Analytical Services (February 2012 June 2016) and Director of Loan Review Analysis (June 2010 January 2012). Ms. Palladino joined the Bank in June of 2010. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Palladino held various management positions at GMAC Mortgage Corporation and Home Savings of America. She holds an M.B.A. in Finance from Long Island University and a B.A. in Communications from William Smith College. Mr. Radziemski was named Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer on January 1, 2020. In this role, he directs and oversees several functions including Information Technology, Information Security, Business Continuity Planning, Vendor Management, and Records Management. Mr. Radziemski joined the FHLBNY in July 2019 as Deputy Chief Information Officer. Prior to joining the FHLBNY, he spent over 30 years working in information technology in the financial services industry, including senior technology leadership roles at Bankers Trust, MetLife, CitiGroup, and Lord, Abbett Co., LLC (Lord Abbett). His last full-time role before joining the FHLBNY was as Chief Information Officer at Lord Abbett, from March 2003 until July 2016. After Lord Abbett, he did management consulting work as a Partner for Fortium Partners from July of 2017 until joining the FHLBNY. He received a B.Sc. in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering from Cornell University, and a M.S. in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University. Mr. Scott was named Chief Capital Markets Officer in September 2014, after serving as Director of Trading in the Capital Markets department. Mr. Scott has also been serving as Acting Treasurer since July 2022. He is responsible for all facets of balance sheet management including the Bank s investments portfolio, advances position, liquidity and debt issuance. He has served as the FHLBank representative to the Federal Reserve-sponsored committee on Libor replacement, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, also known as ARRC , since 2017. Mr. Scott joined the Bank s Capital Markets department in August of 2006, following 23 years of experience in the markets and on Wall Street where he was a trader and desk manager for interest rate products at Citibank, Deutsche Bank, and Credit Lyonnais. He received a Bachelor s Degree in Economics from Tufts University and holds a Master s degree in Finance and Economics from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Volpe was named Senior Vice President and Chief Bank Operations Officer in April 2022. In this role, he directs and oversees several functions, including Community Investment, and Bank Operations comprised of Credit and Collateral Operations, Correspondent Services, Custody and Pledging Services, Business Process and Project Support, and Electronic Payments. Additionally in 2022, he was named Interim Community Investment Officer effective December 1, 2022. Mr. Volpe previously served as Senior Vice President and Head of Bank Operations from October 2019 through March 2022. Prior to that, he served as First Vice President and Director of Bank Operations from January 2019 through September 2019 and was named Vice President beginning in October 2006, holding several functional titles during that time, including Director of Bank Operations (December 2018); Director of Member Services Operations (April 2015 November 2018); Director of Collateral and Correspondent Services (February 2012 April 2015); and Director of Collateral Operations (October 2006 January 2012). He joined the FHLBNY in January 1989 and later took an eight year hiatus, from 1998 to 2006, where he held various positions at The Bank of New York. He received a B.S. in Finance and M.B.A. in International Finance from St. John s University (NY), and is also a graduate of the ABA Stonier Graduate School of Banking. Mr. West assumed the role of Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer for the Bank on May 1, 2015. Mr. West left the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (FHLBI) on December 31, 2014 having served as its Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer - Business Operations since July 30, 2010. He was appointed by the FHLBI s Board to serve as Acting Co-President - CEO from April through July 2013. From 1994 to 2010, Mr. West served as Senior Vice President - Administration, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Ethics Officer, having started with the FHLBI in July 1985 as Associate Legal Counsel. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. West was an Associate with the Indianapolis, Indiana law firm of White Raub and practiced in the areas of insurance and corporate law. Mr. West is a Phi Beta Kappa, B.A. with Distinction graduate in political science and psychology from Indiana University s College of Arts and Sciences, and earned an M.B.A from Indiana University Kelley School of Business and a J.D. from Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis. Mr. West is licensed to practice law in the state of Indiana and is registered to serve as In-House Counsel in the state of New York. Mr. West serves on the New York Insurance Association s Legal Committee. 
 192 

Table of Contents 
 Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance In accordance with correspondence from the Office of Chief Counsel of the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission dated August 26, 2005, Directors, officers and 10 stockholders of the Bank are exempted from Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with respect to transactions in or ownership of Bank capital stock. Audit Committee The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing the services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and internal audit department, evaluating our accounting policies and its system of internal controls and reviewing significant financial transactions. For the period from January 1, 2022 through the date of the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K, the members of the Audit Committee included: David R. Huber (Chair), Kevin Cummings (2022 Vice Chair - through March 2022), Thomas L. Hoy, Thomas J. Kemly, Charles E. Kilbourne, III, Christopher P. Martin, Gerald L. Reeves, and Larry E. Thompson. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our Board of Directors has determined that David R. Huber of the FHLBNY s Audit Committee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under Item 407 (d) of Regulation S-K. Code of Ethics It is the duty of the Board of Directors to oversee the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management in the competent and ethical operation of the FHLBNY on a day-to-day basis and to assure that the long-term interests of the shareholders are being served. To satisfy this duty, the directors take a proactive, focused approach to their position, and set standards to ensure that we are committed to business success through maintenance of the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. In this regard, the Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code) that applies to all employees as well as the Board. The Code is posted on the Corporate Governance Section of the FHLBNY s website at https://www.fhlbny.com. We intend to disclose changes to or waivers from the Code by filing a Form 8-K and/or by posting such information on our website. 
 193 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Compensation Discussion and Analysis I. Introduction This section describes and analyzes the Bank s 2022 compensation program for our named executive officers NEOs ). Our NEOs include our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and our other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers on December 31, 2022. The Bank s named executive officers during 2022 are identified as: 1) Jos R. Gonz lez (President and Chief Executive Officer); 2) Kevin M. Neylan (Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer); 3) Melody J. Feinberg (Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer); 4) Michael Radziemski (Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer); and 5) Philip A. Scott (Senior Vice President and Chief Capital Markets Officer Acting Treasurer). a) Compensation Human Resources Committee Oversight of Compensation The Bank s compensation philosophy and objectives are to attract, motivate, and retain high caliber of diverse financial services executives capable of achieving strategic business initiatives, enhancing business performance and increasing shareholder value. In this regard, it is the role of the Compensation Human Resources Committee C HR Committee of the Board of Directors Board to: 1. Review and recommend to the Board changes regarding our compensation and benefits programs for employees and retirees; 2. Review and approve individual performance ratings and related merit increases for our Chief Executive Officer and for the other Management Committee members (which Committee includes all the NEOs) of the Bank; 3. Review salary adjustments and benefits for our Chief Executive Officer and for the other Management Committee members; 4. Review and approve annually the Bank s Incentive Compensation Plan Incentive Plan ), year-end Incentive Plan results and Incentive Plan award payouts for Management Committee members; 5. Advise the Board on compensation, benefits and human resources matters affecting Bank employees; 6. Review and discuss with Bank management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A to be included in our Form 10-K and determine whether to recommend to the Board that the CD A be included in the Form 10-K; and 7. Review and monitor compensation arrangements for our executives so that we continue to retain, attract, motivate and align quality management consistent with the investment rationale and performance objectives contained in our annual business plan and budget, subject to the direction of the Board. The Board has delegated to the C HR Committee the authority to approve fees and other retention terms for: i) any compensation and benefits consultant to be used to assist in the evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation; and ii) any other advisors that it shall deem necessary to assist in fulfilling its duties. The Charter of the C HR Committee is available in the Corporate Governance section of our web site located at www.fhlbny.com. The role of Bank management (including Executive Officers) with respect to compensation is limited to administering Board-approved programs and providing proposals for the consideration of the C HR Committee. No member of management serves on the Board or any Board committee. Regulatory Oversight of Executive Compensation The Federal Housing Finance Agency Finance Agency has oversight authority over FHLBank executive officer compensation. Section 1113 of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 requires that the Director of the Finance Agency prohibit a FHLBank from paying compensation to its executive officers that is not reasonable and comparable to that paid for employment in similar businesses involving similar duties and responsibilities. Pursuant to the foregoing, the Finance Agency requires the FHLBanks 
 194 

Table of Contents 
 to provide information to the Finance Agency for review and non-objection concerning all compensation actions relating to the respective FHLBanks executive officers. This information, including studies of comparable compensation, must be provided to the Finance Agency at least 30 days in advance of any planned FHLBank action with respect to the payment of compensation to executive officers. In addition, the FHLBanks are required to provide at least 60 days advance notice to the Finance Agency of any arrangement that provides for incentive awards to executive officers. Under the supervision of our Board of Directors, we provide this information to the Finance Agency as required. In addition to these rules, the Finance Agency previously issued Advisory Bulletin 2009-AB-02 regarding principles for FHLBank executive compensation as to which the FHLBanks and the Office of Finance are expected to adhere in setting executive compensation policies and practices. These principles consist of the following: Executive compensation must be reasonable and comparable to that offered to executives in similar positions at other comparable financial institutions; Executive incentive compensation should be consistent with sound risk management and preservation of the par value of the FHLBank s capital stock; A significant percentage of an executive s incentive-based compensation should be tied to longer-term performance and outcome indicators; A significant percentage of an executive s incentive-based compensation should be deferred and made contingent upon performance over several years; and The FHLBank s Board of Directors should promote accountability and transparency in the process of setting compensation. In evaluating a FHLBank s compensation, the FHFA Director will consider the extent to which an executive s compensation is consistent with these advisory bulletin principles. Our Board is of the view that we have incorporated these principles into our development, implementation, and review of compensation policies and practices for executive officers, as described below. We are prohibited by regulations from offering equity-based compensation. Our total compensation program takes into account the existence of these other types of compensation by offering a defined benefit and defined contribution plan to help effectively compete for and retain talent. The Bank is exempt from SEC proxy rules and as such does not provide shareholder advisory say on pay votes regarding executive compensation. However, sixty percent of the Board is comprised of Member Directors, elected by these shareholders to represent their interests. b) About the Bank s Mission The mission of the Bank is to provide members with reliable liquidity in support of housing and local community development. We meet our mission by providing our members with access to economical wholesale credit and technical assistance through our credit products, mortgage finance programs, housing and community lending programs and correspondent services to increase the availability of home financing to families of all income levels. We operate in a very competitive market for talent. Without the capability to attract, motivate and retain talented diverse employees, the ability to fulfill our mission would be in jeopardy. All employees, and particularly senior and middle management, are frequently required to perform multiple tasks requiring a variety of skills. Our employees not only have the appropriate talent and experience to execute our mission, but they also possess skill sets that are difficult to find in the marketplace. c) Our Compensation Policy The Board-approved Compensation Policy acknowledges and takes into account our compensation philosophy, business environment and factors to remain competitive in the labor market. In September 2018, the Board approved an updated Compensation Policy as a result of the 2018 Total Rewards Study discussed in Section II below, which was in effect for all compensation decisions effective January 2022 through December 2022 include the following: 
 195 

Table of Contents 
 The Bank will focus on Regional/Commercial Banks 20B+ in assets within the Metro New York Market (where available) as the Primary Peer Group for benchmarking at the 50 th percentile of the market total compensation (base pay + short term incentive compensation) for establishing competitive pay levels. Bank Management Committee members and all Bank Officers will be matched against level-for-level jobs and the publicly available proxy data. Other FHLBanks will be used as a Secondary Peer Group and benchmarking will be targeted at the 75 th percentile of total compensation for establishing competitive pay levels. Use publicly available data from Regional/Commercial Banks 20B- 65B in assets for the Bank Management Committee members (including NEOs) at the 50 th percentile of market total compensation (base pay + short term incentive compensation) for establishing competitive pay levels. For jobs within Risk Management and Capital Markets and other specialty areas not in ready supply within the Regional Banks, the Bank will use a customized peer group of Banks with 50B+ in assets including Bulge Bracket banks (i.e. large and global financial firms) at the 25 th and 50 th percentile to reflect realistic recruiting pressures in the Metro New York market. A commitment to conduct detailed cash compensation benchmarking for approximately one-third of officer positions each year. A commitment to evaluate the value of total compensation delivered to employees including base pay, incentive compensation, retirement and health and welfare benefits Total Rewards Study in determining market competitiveness every third year. Additional factors that we take into account to remain competitive in our labor market include, but are not limited to: Geographical area The New York metropolitan area is a highly-competitive market for talent in the financial disciplines; Cost of living The New York metropolitan area has a high cost of living that may require compensation premiums for some positions, particularly at more junior levels; and Availability of/demand for talent Recruiting critical positions with high market demand typically requires a recruiting premium to entice an individual to change firms. II. The Total Compensation Program In response to the challenging economic environment in which we operate, compensation and benefits consist of the following components: (a) cash compensation (i.e., base salary, and, for exempt employees, variable or at risk short-term incentive compensation opportunities available under the Bank s Incentive Compensation Plan IC Plan (b) retirement-related benefits (i.e., the Qualified Defined Benefit Plan DB Plan the Qualified Defined Contribution Plan DC Plan the Nonqualified Defined Benefit Component of the Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan DB BEP ), the Nonqualified Defined Contribution Component of the Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan DC BEP ), and the Nonqualified Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan NDICP )); and (c) health and life and disability insurance programs available to all employees. The objectives of the total compensation program are to help motivate employees to achieve consistent and superior results, taking into account prudent risk management, over a long period of time. We also provide a program that allows us to compete for and retain talent that otherwise might be lured away. 
 196 

Table of Contents 
 a) 2022 Compensation Benchmarking For the year 2022, McLagan used for compensation benchmarking analysis purposes the Bank s Compensation Policy (approved by the Board in September 2018) for all NEO compensation decisions in effect beginning January 2022 (details of which are provided above). The Bank received a non-objection letter from the Finance Agency with respect to the payment of merit increases (effective January 1, 2022) for the NEOs, which letter was based upon the results of compensation benchmarking analysis by Towers. A representative list of the peer group that was used in the compensation benchmarking analysis, excluding all healthcare and welfare benefits analysis, is set forth in the table below. b) Market Data Participants Commercial Banks used for 2022 market pay analysis: Ameris Bank First Citizens Bank - NC Siemens Financial Services Arvest Bank First National Bank of Omaha Sterling National Bank Associated Bank Frost Bank Synovus Financial Corporation BOK Financial Corporation Brown Brothers Harriman CIBC World Markets CIT Group Inc. Commerce Bank East West Bancorp, Inc. Hancock Whitney Bank Investors Bancorp. Inc. New York Community Bank OneMain Financial People s United Financial, Inc. Sallie Mae Texas Capital Bank UMB Financial Corporation Valley National Bancorp Webster Bank In addition, the FHLBanks were included in the 2022 compensation benchmarking analysis. c) Services Provided by Compensation and Benefits Consultant Compensation in the aggregate paid to compensation and benefits consultants Towers and McLagan Partners, Inc. McLagan in the year 2022 was 82,000. Regarding compensation consulting, payments made to Towers were in the amount of 47,000. McLagan also provided services for 2022 NEO compensation benchmarking services in the amount of 35,000. With respect to matters unrelated to compensation consulting, the Bank separately engaged Towers for insurance placement services in the amount of 110,000 in 2022. The Board reviewed Towers compensation and benchmarking data and recommendations during the course of 2022. While the C HR Committee has concluded that no conflict of interest was created by management s engagement of Towers or McLagan for the referenced additional services, any potential conflicts of interest were mitigated through multiple safeguards and constraints, including Board oversight of the Bank s compensation and benefits consultants; and comprehensive Finance Agency regulations and monitoring of our compensation, corporate governance, and safety and soundness. III. IC Plan a) Overview of the 2022 IC Plan The objective of the Bank s 2022 IC Plan is to motivate employees to take actions that support the Bank s strategies and lead to the attainment of the Bank s business plan and fulfillment of its mission. The 2022 IC Plan is also intended to help retain employees by affording them the opportunity to share in the Bank s performance results. The 2022 IC Plan seeks to accomplish these objectives by linking annual cash payout award opportunities to Bank performance. All salaried exempt and non-exempt employees hired on or before October 31, 2022 were eligible to participate in the 2022 IC Plan. Awards under the 2022 IC Plan were calculated based upon performance during 2022 and paid to participants on March 3, 2023. When employees are individually evaluated, they receive one of four performance ratings: Outstanding Exceeds Requirements Meets Requirements or Below Requirements . Incentive Compensation Plan awards are only paid to participants who have attained at least a Meets Requirements rating on their individual performance evaluations and do not have any unresolved disciplinary matters. 
 197 

Table of Contents 
 b) Bankwide Performance Goals Bankwide performance goals, which are approved by the Board of Directors, are established to address the Bank s business operations, mission and to help management focus on what it needs to succeed. Actual results of each goal are compared against the three benchmarks (threshold, target and maximum) that were established for the Incentive Plan year. The Incentive Compensation Plan participant receives a payout based on the benchmark level that is met for each goal. We believe that employees at higher ranks have a greater impact on the achievement of Bankwide goals than employees at lower ranks. Therefore, employees at higher ranks have a greater weighting of their Incentive Plan award opportunities. The actual results for each goal may fall between two benchmark levels. When this happens, the payout figures are interpolated for results that fall between the two applicable ranges either threshold and target, or target and maximum. For example, if the actual results fall between target and maximum, the Incentive Plan participant will receive the payout for achieving target plus an additional amount for the excess over target. This calculation is performed for each Bankwide goal. For each goal, there is no payout if the actual result does not reach the threshold, and the payout is capped at maximum. The 2022 Incentive Compensation Opportunity is summarized as follows: 

Rank Incentive Compensation Opportunity President Chief Executive Officer 50 (Threshold) 80 (Target) 100 (Maximum) Other NEOs 30 (Threshold) 50 (Target) 75 (Maximum) The 2022 Bankwide goals are organized into four broad categories and are presented in the charts below. These charts contain: A description of each of the goals and their respective weightings as a percentage of the Bankwide goals; An explanation of each Bankwide goal measure and how each goal meets its stated purpose; and Actual results of each goal along with the Bankwide goal benchmarks (threshold, target and maximum) that were established. 1. Financial/Return Goal 

Bankwide Goals (Measure and calculation of measure) How Goal Meets Stated Purpose Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Results Return Component- Dividend Capacity as forecasted in the 2022 business plan. Dividend Capacity is calculated as net income, divided by average capital stock. The Bank s goal is to reward management for financial results that are generally controllable by management. Therefore, we adjust net income to eliminate the impact of items such as unrealized fair value changes on derivatives and associated hedged instruments. In addition, the target is adjusted due to changes in market interest rates during the year. Earnings provide value for shareholders through the ability to add to retained earnings and to pay a dividend. 35 3.88 4.23 4.58 6.16 
 198 

Table of Contents 
 2. Risk Goal 

Bankwide Goals (Measure and calculation of measure) How Goal Meets Stated Purpose Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Results Risk Component -The 2022 Bank-wide Risk goal consists of three metrics, each with a unique complementary factor. Each metric will be evaluated on PASS/FAIL basis and must meet a Threshold (a specified minimum number of PASS rated metrics) to qualify for incentive compensation. Lowering the Bank s risk profile provides a level of assurance that unexpected losses will not impair members investment in the Bank and serves to preserve the par value of membership stock. 25 1 2 3 3 The three metrics are: 1) Capital Protection: This measure seeks to ensure members paid in capital stock are protected from potential and plausible losses. Measured as the MVE/CS ratio, this measure is defined as the quotient from dividing the Market Value of Equity (MVE) by the amount of Capital Stock (CS) outstanding and is measured monthly (last business day); A PASS rating will be earned if the measure is at or above 108 for 9 of 12 calendar months. 2) Operational Exceptions: The health of the Bank s operational control environment is represented by the aggregate number of risk events and the economic losses (i.e., an out-of-pocket loss without consideration of any insurance recoveries). A PASS rating is earned when the Bank experiences: 1. Less than 20 Risk Events for the year; and 2. Sustains an aggregate economic loss of less than 3 MM for the year. 3) Control Awareness and Sustainment Training: This measure seeks to encourage bank-wide participation in the Bank s risk-focused training programs. As all employees are considered risk managers, this goal helps to engage and educate all employees to increase their perspective on risk related topics. A PASS is earned when at least 95 of active Bank employees complete all training modules rolled out during the year via the Bank s Learning Management System within 30 calendar days of enrollment. 
 199 

Table of Contents 
 3. Mission and Membership Goal 

Bankwide Goals (Measure and calculation of measure) How Goal Meets Stated Purpose Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Results Community Investment, Business Development and Outreach Supports the promotion, understanding and use of the Bank s affordable housing and community lending programs. 20 35 45 55 74 New Members The number of members who, in 2022, either: 1) submit applications for the first time; 2) submit an application after having not participated in the past two years; or 3) submit more applications than what was submitted in 2021. Advances and Letters of Credit Productions Supports the provision of liquidity to members for housing and community development activities. 75.9B 84.3B 88.6B 100.3B Market Share Helps the Bank gauge its competitive position against a variety of wholesale funding alternative used by members. Strengthens the franchise as an advances bank . 37 41 45 45.10 Mortgage Asset Program Purchase mortgage loans from members through MAP, in addition to MPF for Q1, provides a well-performing asset, adheres to the Bank s mission, fulfills a member need in the marketplace, and allows the Bank to continue to provide liquidity in diverse ways. 293MM 419MM 482MM 78MM 
 200 

Table of Contents 
 4. Organizational Effectiveness Goal 

Bankwide Goals (Measure and calculation of measure) How Goal Meets Stated Purpose Weighting Threshold Target Maximum Results The Organizational Effectiveness Goal will focus on two key tenets that are related to the success of the Bank s approved Strategy: (1) Technology Strategy Achievement of 12 identified milestones and corresponding criteria across the total # of work efforts which have meaningful contribution to each work effort. 10 6 8 12 10 (2) Culture Enhancing Diversity Inclusion: Distributed Leadership (DL) Allow for four opportunities per year for managers to encourage decision making at all levels per the Distributed Leadership principles. 10 78 104 130 157 The weighted average of all group results for Bankwide goals, including Risk Management, (and excluding Internal Audit) was 86.1 above target. Payments are interpolated between the target and maximum amounts. c) Clawback Provision of the Incentive Compensation Plan A clawback provision in the Incentive Plan provides as follows: If, within 3 years after an incentive has been paid or calculated as owed to a Participant who is a member of the Bank s Management Committee, it is discovered that such amount was based on the achievement of financial or operational goals within this Plan that subsequently are deemed by the Bank to be inaccurate, misstated or misleading, the Board shall review such incentive amounts paid or owed. Inaccurate, misstated and/or misleading achievement of financial or operational goals shall include, but not be limited to, overstatements of revenue, income, capital, return measures and/or understatements of credit risk, market risk, operational risk or expenses. If the Board determines that an incentive amount paid or considered owed to the Participant (the Awarded Amount would have been a lower amount when calculated barring the inaccurate, misstated and/or misleading achievement of financial or operational goals (the Adjusted Amount ), the Board shall, except as provided below, seek to recover to the fullest extent possible the difference between the Awarded Amount and the Adjusted Amount (the Undue Incentive Amount ). The Board may decide to not seek recovery of the Undue Incentive Amount if the Board determines that to do so would be unreasonable or contrary to the interests of the Bank. In making such determination, the Board may take into account such considerations as it deems appropriate including, but not limited to: (a) whether the Undue Incentive Amount is immaterial in impact to the Bank; (b) whether the Participant engaged in any intentional or unlawful misconduct that contributed to the inaccurate, misstated and/or misleading information; (c) whether the change in the applicable achievement level was a result of circumstances beyond the control of management; (d) the likelihood of success to recover the claimed Undue Incentive Amount under governing law versus the cost and effort involved; and (e) whether seeking recovery could prejudice the interests of the Bank. The decision by the Board to seek recovery of an Undue Incentive Amount need not be uniform among Participants. Authority of the Board under this IC Plan may be delegated to the Committee but may not be delegated to the President. 
 201 

Table of Contents 
 If the Board determines to seek recovery of any or all of the Undue Incentive Amount (the Recovery Amount ), it will make a written demand from the Participant for the repayment of the Recovery Amount. Subject to the IC Plan provisions regarding the forfeiture of unpaid amounts, if the Participant does not within a reasonable period, after receiving the written demand, provide repayment of the Recovery Amount, and the Board determines that he or she is unlikely to do so, the Board may seek a court order against the Participant for repayment of the Recovery Amount. d) Required Deferral of IC Plan Awards A required deferral portion of the IC Plan DICP applies to members of the Bank s Management Committee including all NEOs. Such deferred compensation plan provides that the payments made to Management Committee members under the IC Plan are deferred and will be made as described below. The DICP provides that 50 of the Total Communicated Award (as defined below), if any, under the Plan year communicated to Management Committee participants (which includes the NEOs) will ordinarily be paid by the middle of March following the Plan year. The remaining 50 will be deferred (the Deferred Incentive Award ), subject to certain additional conditions specified in the Plan, such that 33 1/3 of the Deferred Incentive Award will ordinarily be paid by the middle of March of the following three years. Deferred Incentive Awards will be paid if the Bank s ratio of market value of equity to par value of capital stock is equal to, or greater than 100 . To compensate employees for the lost time value of money, the Bank will pay an interest rate on the deferred amount equal to the Bank s return on equity over the deferral period, subject to a floor of zero. An executive who terminates employment with the Bank other than for good reason or who is terminated by the Bank for cause will forfeit any portion of the Deferred Incentive Award that has not yet been paid. In addition, the Deferred Incentive Award will be paid, if otherwise earned, in full in the event of the executive s death or disability, or a change in control (as defined in the DICP). In the chart below, the following terms have the following definitions: Total Communicated Award means the total amount of the incentive award (if any) under the Plan communicated to Management Committee Participants; Current Communicated Incentive Award means 50 percent of the Total Communicated Award and shall not exceed 100 percent of the participant s base salary; and Deferred Incentive Award means the remaining 50 percent of the Total Communicated Award. 

Payment Description Payment Year Current Communicated Incentive Award 50 of the Total Communicated Award Base year Deferred Incentive Award installment Up to 33 1/3 of the Deferred Incentive Award Year 1 Deferred Incentive Award installment Up to 33 1/3 of the Deferred Incentive Award Year 2 Deferred Incentive Award installment Up to 33 1/3 of the Deferred Incentive Award Year 3 

 Payment shall ordinarily be made within the first two and a half weeks of March. Payment shall ordinarily be made within the first two and a half weeks of March in the year indicated. IV. Retirement Benefits Introduction We maintain comprehensive qualified and non-qualified defined benefit and defined contribution savings plans for our employees, including our NEOs. The benefits provided by these plans are components of the total compensation opportunity for employees. The Board and C HR Committee believe these plans serve as valuable retention tools and provide significant tax deferral opportunities and resources for the participants long-term financial planning. 
 202 

Table of Contents 
 These plans are discussed below. a) Profit Sharing Plan In 2010, the Board approved the establishment of a Profit-Sharing Plan for employees who were not grandfathered in the Bank s retirement plan and who were participants in the DB BEP. A provision of an amount equal to 8 of the prior year s base pay and total communicated incentive award to the extent the requirements under the Bank s IC Plan have been achieved. The 8 payment will not be included as income for calculating the benefits for the Qualified Defined Benefit Plan. There are no NEOs who qualified for this benefit. b) DB Plan The DB Plan is an IRS-qualified defined benefit plan which covers all employees who have achieved four months of service. The DB Plan is part of a multiple-employer defined benefit program administered by Pentegra Retirement Services. Participants who, as of July 1, 2008, had five years of DB Plan service and were age 50 years or older, are provided with a benefit of 2.50 of a participant s highest consecutive 3-year average earnings, multiplied by the participant s years of benefit service, not to exceed 30 years. Earnings are defined as base salary plus short-term incentive compensation opportunities available under the Bank s IC Plan, and overtime, subject to the annual Internal Revenue Code limit; short-term incentives for participants of the deferred incentive compensation plan is defined as the Total Communicated Award. The Normal Form of Payment is a lump sum distribution or life annuity with a guaranteed 12-year payout. A 1 simple interest cost of living adjustment COLA is provided annually to participants beginning at age 66. These participants are identified herein as DB Plan A. For participants who, as of July 1, 2008, did not have five years of DB Plan service and attained age 50 years or older, identified herein as DB Plan B , the DB Plan provides a benefit of 2.0 of a participant s highest consecutive 5-year average earnings (as opposed to consecutive 3-year average earnings as provided to Grandfathered participants), multiplied by the participant s years of benefit service, not to exceed 30 years. The Normal Form of Payment for participants hired on or after July 1, 2008 is a lump sum distribution or life annuity (i.e., an annuity paid until the death of the participant). The guaranteed 12-year payout option under a life annuity, as previously provided to Grandfathered participants, was terminated effective July 1, 2008. In addition, for the Non-Grandfathered participants, COLAs are no longer provided on future accruals. For participants who were hired on or after July 1, 2014, the DB Plan provides a benefit of 1.50 of a participant s highest consecutive 5-year average earnings, multiplied by the participant s years of benefit service, not to exceed 30 years. Earnings for participants who were hired on or after July 1, 2014 are defined as base salary only, excluding short-term incentive compensation opportunities available under the Bank s IC Plan, subject to the annual Internal Revenue Code limit. These participants are identified herein as DB Plan C. 
 203 

Table of Contents 
 The table below summarizes the DB Plan changes affecting the Non-Grandfathered employees that went into effect on July 1, 2008 and July 1, 2014: 

DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN (DB PLAN) PROVISIONS DB PLAN A DB PLAN B DB PLAN C Benefit Multiplier 2.5 2.0 1.5 Final Average Pay Period High 3-Year High 5-Year High 5-Year Normal Form of Payment Lump sum distribution or Life Annuity with Guaranteed 12 Year Payout Lump sum distribution or Straight Life Annuity Lump sum distribution or Straight Life Annuity Cost of Living Adjustments 1 Per Year Cumulative Commencing at Age 66 None None Early Retirement Subsidy a) Rule of 70 1.5 Per Year 3 Per Year 3 Per Year b) Rule of 70 Not Met 3 Per Year Actuarial Equivalent Actuarial Equivalent Vesting 20 Per Year Commencing Second Year of Employment 5-Year Cliff 5-Year Cliff 

 Greater of DB Plan Vesting or New Plan Vesting applied to employees participating in the DB Plan prior to July 1, 2008. This includes the following NEO: K. Neylan. This includes the following NEOs: M. Feinberg; J. Gonz lez; and P. Scott. This includes the following NEO: M. Radziemski. For purposes of the above table, please note the following definitions: Benefit Multiplier The annuity paid from the DB Plan is calculated on an employee s years of service, up to a maximum of 30 years, multiplied by the appropriate Benefit Multiplier for each participant, as described above. Final Average Pay Period The period that an employee s earnings is used in the calculation of that employee s benefit. Normal Form of Payment The DB Plan must state the form of the annuity to be paid to the retiring employee. Cost of Living Adjustments COLAs Once a DB Plan A retiree reaches age 65, in each succeeding year he/she will receive an extra payment annually equal to one percent of the original benefit amount multiplied by the number of years in pay status after age 65. As of July 1, 2008, this adjustment is no longer offered to DB Plan B and C Employees on benefits accruing after that date. Early Retirement Subsidy Early retirement under the plan is available after age 45. Vesting DB Plan A Employees are entitled, starting with the second year of employment service, to 20 of his/her accumulated benefit per year. As a result, after the sixth year of employment service, an employee will be entitled to 100 of his/her accumulated benefit. DB Plan B Employees who entered the DB Plan on or after July 1, 2008 will not receive such benefit until such employee has completed five years of employment service. At that point, the employee will be entitled to 100 of his/her accumulated benefit. The term 5-Year Cliff is a reference to the foregoing provision. DB Plan A and DB Plan B Employees already participating in the DB Plan prior to July 1, 2008 will vest at 20 per year starting with the second year through the fourth year of employment service and will be accelerated to 100 vesting after the fifth year. 
 204 

Table of Contents 
 Earnings under the DB Plan for DB Plan A and DB Plan B Employees continue to be defined as base salary plus short-term incentives, and overtime, subject to the annual Internal Revenue Code IRC limit. The DB Plan pays monthly annuities, or a lump sum amount available at or after age 59-1/2, calculated on an actuarial basis, to vested participants or the beneficiaries of deceased vested participants. Annual benefits provided under the DB Plan also are subject to IRC limits, which vary by age and benefit payment option selected. The Bank s practice regarding contributions to the DB Plan is to make contributions to the DB Plan in amounts greater than the minimum required contribution as determined actuarially under current pension rules established under current Federal law. In order to help ensure that the Bank s qualified pension plan continues to pass IRS Safe Harbor tests, commencing on July 1, 2022, the qualified retirement benefits for certain NEOs will no longer accrue under the DB Plan; rather, these benefits will be provided under the DB BEP described below. c) DB BEP Employees at the rank of Vice President and above (including the NEOs) who exceed income limitations established by the IRC for three out of five consecutive years and who are also approved for inclusion by the Bank s Nonqualified Plan Committee are eligible to participate in the DB BEP, a non-qualified retirement plan that in many respects mirrors the DB Plan with the exception of the benefit multiplier reduction to 1.5 implemented effective July 1, 2014 under DB Plan C. Effective January 1, 2023, employees must be at the rank of First Vice President and above to qualify for the DB BEP, and Vice Presidents already participating in the DB BEP are grandfathered. The primary objective of the DB BEP is to ensure that participants receive the full benefit to which they would have been entitled under the DB Plan in the absence of limits on maximum benefit levels imposed by the IRC. In the event that the benefits payable from the DB Plan have been reduced or otherwise limited by government regulations, the employee s lost benefits are payable under the terms of the DB BEP. The DB BEP also enhances benefits for certain NEOs as follows: 

NON-QUALIFIED DEFINED BENEFIT (DB BEP PLAN) PROVISIONS DB BEP PLAN A DB BEP PLAN B Benefit Multiplier 2.5 2.0 Final Average Pay Period High 3-Year High 5-Year Normal Form of Payment Lump Sum Distribution or Life Annuity with Guaranteed 12 Year Payout Lump Sum Distribution or Straight Life Annuity Cost of Living Adjustments 1 Per Year Cumulative Commencing at Age 66 None 

 This includes the following NEOs: J. Gonz lez and K. Neylan. This includes the following NEOs: M. Feinberg; M. Radziemski and P. Scott. The DB BEP is an unfunded arrangement. However, the Bank has established a grantor trust to assist in financing the payment of benefits under this plan. The Bank s policy is to maintain assets in the grantor trust at a level up to the Accumulated Benefit Obligation for the DB BEP. The financing level for the DB BEP is reviewed annually. 
 205 

Table of Contents 
 The Nonqualified Plan Committee administers various oversight responsibilities pertaining to the DB BEP. These matters include, but are not limited to, approving employees as participants of the DB BEP and adopting any amendment or taking any other action which may be appropriate to facilitate the DB BEP. The Nonqualified Plan Committee is chaired by the Chair of the C HR Committee; other members include a Board Director who is a member of the C HR Committee, our Chief Financial Officer, and the Director of Human Resources. The Nonqualified Plan Committee reports its actions to the C HR Committee. On September 24, 2021, the Bank s Board of Directors approved a revision to the DB BEP to include a lump sum distribution option, as currently provided under the DB Plan. The DB BEP lump sum distribution option is available to current and future members of the DB BEP. d) DC Plan NEOs may contribute to the DC Plan, a retirement savings plan qualified under the IRC. All employees are eligible for membership in the DC Plan on the first day of the month following three full calendar months of employment. An employee may contribute 1 to 100 of base salary into the DC Plan, up to IRC limitations. If an employee contributes at least 4 of base salary, the Bank provides the maximum employer match of 6 of elective contributions upon plan entry. If an employee contributes less than 4 of base salary, the Bank will match at a rate of 150 of elective contributions. Contributions of less than 2 of base salary receive a match of up to 1.5 of the employee s base salary. e) DC BEP Employees at the rank of Vice President and above (including the NEOs) who exceed income limitations established by the IRC, and who contribute to their qualified DC Plan up to the IRC Limits, are eligible to participate in the DC BEP. Participating employees are allowed to defer up to 19 of the employee s base salary (less the amount of salary deferrals allowed under the DC Plan pursuant to the IRS Limits). As a continuation of the qualified DC Plan, the Bank will make a matching contribution each plan year of up to 6 of base salary on the elective deferrals made under the DC BEP. If an employee elects to defer less than 4 of base salary, the Bank will match at a rate of 150 of elective deferred contributions. For deferrals beginning January 1, 2020, the Bank will make a matching contribution of up to 9 of base salary for NEO elective deferrals (in excess of the DC Plan contribution limits). All deferred monies will be the property of the Bank until distribution to the employee and thus subject to claims of Bank creditors until distribution. Amounts deferred and contributed as matching contributions under the DC BEP shall be credited to the participant s DC BEP account. Participants may choose to invest their DC BEP funds within a menu of investment options. f) NDICP The NDICP allows employees serving at the rank of a Vice President or above (including the NEOs) to elect to defer all or a portion of the employee s annual incentive compensation that is paid to the employee under the terms of any Board-approved IC Plan or deferred portion of such IC Plan. The Bank does not provide a match on these deferrals. All deferred monies will be the property of the Bank until distribution to the employee and thus subject to claims of Bank creditors until distribution. Amounts deferred and contributed under the NDICP shall be credited to the participant s NDICP account. Participants may choose to invest their NDICP funds within a menu of investment options. Participants may elect to receive their funds in a lump sum or in at least two annual installments (not to exceed ten annual installments). 
 206 

Table of Contents 
 V. Health and Welfare Programs and Other Benefits a) Perquisites and Benefits We offer the following additional perquisites and other benefits to all employees, including the NEOs, under the same general terms and conditions: Medical, dental, and vision insurance (subject to employee expense sharing); Vacation leave, which increases based upon officer title and years of service; Life and long-term disability insurance (NEOs are eligible for enhanced monthly benefits under our disability insurance program); Travel and accident insurance which include life insurance benefits; Educational assistance; and Employee relocation assistance, where appropriate, for new hires. b) Retiree Medical We offer eligible employees, including certain NEOs, medical coverage when they retire. Employees are eligible to participate in the Retiree Medical Benefits Plan if they were at least 55 years old as of January 1, 2015 with 10 years of service when they retire from active service. Retirees who retire before age 62 pay the full premium for the coverage they had as employees until they attain age 62. The premium paid by retirees upon becoming Medicare-eligible (either at age 65 or prior thereto as a result of disability) is a premium reduced to take into account the status of Medicare as the primary payer of the medical benefits of Medicare-eligible retirees. Under the Plan as in effect from May 1, 1995 until December 31, 2007, herein identified as Grandfathered, retirees beginning at age 62, we contributed a percentage of the premium based on their total completed years of service (no adjustment is made for partial years of service) on a Defined Benefit basis. There are no NEOs who qualify for this benefit. Effective January 1, 2008, for employees who, as of December 31, 2007, did not have 5 years of service and were age 60 or older, herein identified as Non-Grandfathered, we contributed 45 per month toward the premium of a Non-Grandfathered retiree multiplied by the number of years of service earned by the retiree after age 45. The total cost of medical coverage elected by the employee (determined by the number of individuals including the retiree, the retiree s spouse, and each other dependent of the retiree) under the Plan is then reduced by the Bank contribution from age 62 until the retiree or a covered dependent of the retiree becomes Medicare-eligible (usually at age 65 or earlier, if disabled). There are no NEOs who qualify for this benefit. For all covered employees as of January 1, 2015, including the NEOs, from age 62 until the retiree or a covered dependent of the retiree becomes Medicare-eligible (usually at age 65 or earlier, if disabled), we contribute 26.87 per month toward the premium of a Non-Grandfathered retiree multiplied by the number of years of service earned by the retiree after age 45. The total cost of medical coverage elected by the employee (determined by the number of individuals including the retiree, the retiree s spouse, and each other dependent of the retiree) under the Plan is then reduced by the Bank contribution. After the retiree or a covered dependent of the retiree becomes Medicare-eligible, our contribution toward the premium for the coverage of the Medicare-eligible individual will be reduced to 14.93 per month multiplied by the number of years of service earned by the retiree after age 45. The total cost of medical coverage elected by the employee (determined by the number of individuals including the retiree, the retiree s spouse, and each other dependent of the retiree) under the Plan is then reduced by the Bank contribution. The 26.87 and 14.93 amounts are fixed and not cost-of-living adjusted. 
 207 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a summary of the Retiree Medical Benefits Plan: 

Retiree Medical Benefit Plan Provisions for Retirees January 1, 2015 and after Plan Type Defined Dollar Plan: A medical plan in which medical coverage is provided to a retired employee up to a fixed cost for the coverage elected by the employee and the retiree assumes all costs above the stated contribution. Eligibility Active employee who has completed 10 years of employment at FHLBNY and attained age 55 as of January 1, 2015. Medical Plan Formula 1) Retiree (and covered individual), is eligible for 26.87/month x years of service after age 45 and has attained the age of 62. The Cost of Living Adjustment is excluded. 2) Retiree (and covered individual) is eligible for 14.93/month x years of service after age 45 and after age 65. The Cost of Living Adjustment is excluded. 0 for Pre-62 Pre-65/Post-65 Employer Cost Share Examples: 10 years of service after age 45 3,224/ 1,792/Annually 15 years of service after age 45 4,837/ 2,687/Annually 20 years of service after age 45 6,449/ 3,583/Annually 

 This includes the following NEOs: K. Neylan. VI. Severance Plan, Executive Change in Control Agreements and Golden Parachute Rule a) Severance Plan Other than as described below, all Bank employees are employed under an at will arrangement. Accordingly, an employee may resign employment at any time and the Bank may terminate the employee s employment at any time for any reason with or without cause. Severance benefits to an employee in the event of termination of his or her employment may be paid in accordance with the Bank s formal Board-approved Severance Pay Plan Severance Plan available to all Bank employees who work twenty or more hours a week and have completed at least two periods of service (the number of six (6) month periods, in the aggregate, for which an employee is employed by the Bank). Severance benefits may be paid to employees who: (i) are part of a reduction in force; (ii) have resigned from the Bank following a reduction in salary grade, level, or rank; (iii) refuse a transfer of fifty miles or more; (iv) have their position eliminated; 
 208 

Table of Contents 
 (v) are unable to perform his/her duties in a satisfactory manner and is warranted that the employee would not be discharged for cause; or (vi) had their employment terminated as a result of a change in control (however, in the event of a change in control that affects the Bank President, the other Bank NEOs, and the Chief Audit Officer, provisions contained in separate Executive Change in Control Agreements shall govern: see below for more information). An officer shall be eligible for two weeks of severance benefits for each six-month period of service with the Bank (even if the employment has been less than six months), but not less than eight weeks of severance benefits nor more than thirty-six weeks of such benefits; in the event of a change in control, the floor and cap shall be twelve weeks and fifty-two weeks, respectively. Non-officers are eligible for severance benefits in accordance with different formulas. If the terminated employee is enrolled in the Bank s medical benefits plan at the time of termination and elects to purchase health insurance continuation coverage, the Bank may provide a lump sum payment in an amount to be determined by the Bank intended to be used in connection with payments by terminated employees related to health insurance. The Bank may also in its discretion arrange for outplacement services. Payment of severance benefits under the Severance Plan is contingent on an employee executing a severance agreement which includes a release of any claim the employee may have against the Bank and any present and former director, officer and employee. Severance benefits payable under the Severance Plan shall be paid on a lump sum basis. b) Executive Change in Control Agreements Executive Change in Control Agreements CIC Agreements were initially executed in January 2016 and have been renewed every three years, most recently in January 2022, between the FHLBNY and the NEOs, which provide the executive with certain severance payments and benefits in the event employment is terminated in connection with a change in control of FHLBNY. Under the terms of the CIC Agreement, if the executive s employment with FHLBNY is terminated by FHLBNY without cause or by the executive for good reason (as defined in the CIC Agreement) during the period beginning on the earliest of (a) twelve (12) months prior to the execution by FHLBNY of a definitive agreement regarding a Change in Control, (b) twelve (12) months prior to Change in Control mandated by federal statute, rule or directive, and (c) twelve (12) months prior to the adoption of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of FHLBNY, and ending, in all cases, twenty-four (24) months following the effective date of the Change in Control, the executive becomes entitled to certain severance payments and benefits. The payments and benefits include: (i) an amount equal to the product of the executive s average gross base salary for the three years prior to his employment termination date (with any partial years being annualized), multiplied by 2.99 for the Chief Executive Officer, and 1.5 for other CIC Agreement participants; (ii) if the executive is a participant in FHLBNY s Incentive Compensation Plan (the Annual Plan ), an amount equal to the product of the executive s full target incentive payout estimate, or the actual amount of the payment to the executive under the Annual Plan, if lower, in either case, in respect of the year prior to the year of the employment termination date, multiplied by 2.99 for the Chief Executive Officer, and 1.5 for other CIC Agreement participants; (iii) an amount equal to the cost of health, dental and vision care benefits that FHLBNY actually incurred by FHLBNY on behalf of the Executive and his dependents, if any, during the twelve (12) months prior to the executive s employment termination date; (iv) 15,000, which the executive may put toward outplacement services; (v) 15,000, which the executive may put toward accounting, actuarial, financial, legal or tax services; (vi) additional age and service credits under the FHLBNY non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plan of three (3) years for the Chief Executive Officer and one and one-half (1.5) years for other CIC Agreement participants; and (vii) an amount equal to 2.99 times the Chief Executive Officer s annual matching contribution under the DC Plan and 1.5 times the match for other CIC Agreement participants. 
 209 

Table of Contents 
 The payments described above are payable in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the executive s employment termination date, with the benefits under the BEP being distributed in accordance with the terms of the BEP. All payments and benefits are conditioned on the executive having delivered an irrevocable general release of claims against FHLBNY before payment occurs. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all payments and benefits remain subject to FHLBNY s compliance with any applicable statutory and regulatory requirements relating to the payment of amounts under the CIC Agreements and in the event that a governmental authority or a court with competent jurisdiction directs that any portion or all of the payments may not be paid to the executive, the executive shall not be eligible to receive, or shall return, such payments. c) Golden Parachute Rule The Finance Agency issued final rules on executive compensation and golden parachute payments relating to the regulator s oversight of such compensation and payments located at 12 CFR Parts 1230 and 1231 the Golden Parachute Rule ). This sets forth the standards that the Finance Agency will take into consideration when limiting or prohibiting golden parachute payments by an FHLBank, the Office of Finance, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. The Golden Parachute Rule generally prohibits golden parachute payments except in limited circumstances with Finance Agency approval. Golden parachute payments may include compensation paid to a director, officer or employee following the termination of such person s employment by a regulated entity that is insolvent, is in conservatorship or receivership, is required by the Director to improve its financial condition or has been assigned a composite examination rating of 4 or 5 by the Finance Agency. Golden parachute payments generally do not include payments made pursuant to a qualified pension or retirement plan, an employee welfare benefit plan, a bona fide deferred compensation plan, a nondiscriminatory severance pay plan, or payments made by reason of the death or disability of the individual. Our benefit plans comply with the Golden Parachute Rule and the Bank has not had a payment in 2022 restricted by the Finance Agency. VII. Explanation of how we determine the amount and, where applicable, the formula for each element of compensation Please see Section II directly above for an explanation of the mechanisms used to determine employee compensation. VIII. Explanation of how each element of compensation and the decisions regarding that element fit into the overall compensation objectives and affect decisions regarding other elements of compensation The Committee believes it has developed a unified, coherent system of compensation. Please refer to Section II under the heading The Total Compensation Program for an explanation of the components that make up our total compensation program. Together, these components comprised the total compensation program for 2022 and they are established in accordance with our Compensation Philosophy and the regulated environment that we operate in as discussed in Section I above. Our overall objectives with regard to our compensation and benefits program are to motivate employees to achieve consistent and superior results over a long period of time, and to provide a program that allows us to compete for and retain talent that otherwise might be lured away. As we make changes to one element of the compensation and benefits program mix, the C HR Committee considers the impact on the other elements of the mix. In this regard, the C HR Committee strives to maintain programs that keep the Bank within the parameters of its compensation philosophy as set forth in the Bank s Compensation Policy and Compensation Benchmarking. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The C HR Committee of the Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on such review and discussions, the C HR Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year 2022. 
 210 

Table of Contents 
 THE COMPENSATION AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE 

David J. Nasca, Chair DeForest B. Soaries, Jr., Vice Chair David R. Huber Kenneth J. Mahon Christopher P. Martin Josie J. Thomas ngela Weyne RISKS ARISING FROM COMPENSATION PRACTICES We do not believe that risks arising from the compensation policies with respect to its employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Bank. We do not structure any of our compensation plans in a way that inappropriately encourages risk taking to achieve payment. Our business model operates on a low return/low risk basis. One of the important characteristics of our culture is appropriate attention to risk management. We have established procedures with respect to risk which are reviewed frequently by entities such as our regulator, external audit firm, Risk Management Group, and Internal Audit Department. In addition, we have a Board and associated Committees that provide governance. The compensation programs are reviewed annually by the C HR Committee and the structure of our compensation programs provides evidence of the balanced approach to risk and reward in our culture. The rationale behind the structure of the Incentive Plan and its goals is to motivate management to take a balanced approach to managing risks and returns in the course of managing the business, while at the same time ensuring that we fulfill our mission. The Incentive Plan design is intended to motivate management to act in ways that are aligned with the Board s wishes to have us achieve forecasted returns while managing risks within prescribed risk parameters. In addition, the goals in the IC Plan will not motivate management to increase returns if they require imprudently increasing risk. In addition, we are prohibited by regulations from offering equity-based compensation, and we do not currently offer long-term incentives. However, many of the firms in our peer group do offer these types of compensation. The total compensation program takes into account the existence of these other types of compensation by offering defined benefit and defined contribution plans to help effectively compete for talent. The defined benefit and defined contribution plans are designed to reward employees for continued strong performance over the course of their careers that is, the longer an employee works at the Bank, the greater the benefit the employee is likely to accumulate. Senior and mid-level employees are generally long-tenured, and we believe that these employees would not want to endanger their pension benefits by inappropriately stretching rules to achieve a short-term financial gain. By definition, these programs are reflective of the low-risk culture. The Finance Agency also has issued certain compensation principles, one of which is that executive compensation should be consistent with sound risk management and preservation of the Market value of Equity to Capital Stock Ratio Value of membership stock. Also, the Finance Agency reviews all executive compensation plans relative to these principles and such other factors as the Finance Agency determines to be appropriate, including the Bank s annual Incentive Plan, prior to their becoming effective. Thus, the Bank s low risk culture, which is reflected in the compensation policy, leads us to believe that any risks arising from the compensation policies with respect to our employees are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The following persons served on the C HR Committee during all or some of the period from January 1, 2022, through the date of this annual report on Form 10-K: DeForest B. Soaries, Jr., Kevin Cummings, Gerald H. Lipkin, David R. Huber, Kenneth J. Mahon, Christopher P. Martin, David J. Nasca, Stephen S. Romaine, Josie J. Thomas and ngela Weyne. During this period, no interlocking relationships existed between any member of the Bank s Board of Directors or the C HR Committee and any member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any other company, nor did any such interlocking relationship exist in the past. Further, no member of the C HR Committee listed above was an officer or our employee during the course of their service as a member of the Committee or was formerly an officer or our employee before becoming a member of the Committee. 
 211 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Compensation The table below summarizes the total compensation earned by each of the Named Executive Officers NEOs for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in dollars): Summary Compensation Table for Calendar Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Change in Non-Equity Pension Value Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation (a) (1) Compensation (b) (2) Compensation (c) (3) Total (d) Jos R. Gonz lez 2022 1,110,000 1,104,371 107,056 2,321,427 President 2021 996,000 894,201 741,000 105,311 2,736,512 Chief Executive Officer (PEO) 2020 996,000 1,018,077 1,430,000 173,052 3,617,129 Kevin M. Neylan 2022 586,324 437,364 61,366 1,085,054 Senior Vice President, 2021 565,950 364,841 633,000 60,021 1,623,812 Chief Financial Officer (PFO) 2020 550,000 415,545 1,483,000 125,734 2,574,279 Melody J. Feinberg 2022 506,371 377,470 57,092 940,933 Senior Vice President, 2021 488,775 316,997 318,000 55,403 1,179,175 Chief Risk Officer 2020 475,000 357,828 575,000 111,787 1,519,615 Michael L Radziemski 2022 481,031 351,206 20,000 54,546 906,783 Senior Vice President, 2021 467,475 288,463 59,000 51,620 866,558 Chief Information Officer Philip A. Scott 2022 522,828 390,036 53,063 965,927 Senior Vice President, 2021 508,094 326,427 395,000 51,892 1,281,413 Chief Capital Markets Officer Acting Treasurer 2020 490,438 368,926 814,000 123,444 1,796,808 

 Footnotes for Summary Compensation Table for the Year Ending December 31, 2022 (1) The amounts in column (a) reflect the dollar value of all earnings for services performed during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 pursuant to awards under the ICP, even though fifty percent of the ICP awards for each year were subject to mandatory deferral and distribution over three years. As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the 2022 non-equity incentive compensation awards were subject to a 30-day review period and receipt of non-objection by the Finance Agency. The Bank received written non-objection from the Finance Agency on February 16, 2022. The amounts in column (a) also include the dollar value of all interest during each year earned on Deferred Incentive related to ICP awards for prior fiscal years, in the following amounts for 2022: 49,871 for J. Gonz lez, 19,608 for K. Neylan, 16,681 for M. Feinberg, 8,471 for M. Radziemski and 17,520 for P. Scott. (2) The amounts in column (b) reflects the sum of the actuarial change in pension value for (i) the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions and (ii) the Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan. These values are based on actuarial calculations and depend on the level of market interest rates in addition to other factors. These plans are described in greater detail below under Pension Benefits. During 2022, total pension values for J. Gonz lez, K. Neylan, M. Feinberg and P. Scott decreased by 608,000, 1,104,000, 284,000 and 348,000, respectively. These negative amounts are not included in this table. If these negative pension amounts were included in the table, the amounts in the Total compensation column (column d) for 2022 for J. Gonz lez, K. Neylan, M. Feinberg and P. Scott would be 1,713,427, (18,946), 656,933 and 617,927, respectively. 
 212 

Table of Contents 
 (3) The amounts in column (c) for 2022 consist of the components in the following table which presents in dollars: 

Matching contributions under the Bank s non- Bank Contributions qualified Defined under the 401(k) Contribution Benefit Name Plan (1) Equalization Plan (2) Perquisite (3) Tax Gross-ups (4) Other Total Jos R. Gonz lez 17,159 82,544 6,930 423 107,056 Kevin M. Neylan 9,448 43,286 8,632 61,366 Melody J. Feinberg 16,339 29,204 11,549 57,092 Michael L Radziemski 16,636 26,634 11,276 54,546 Philip A. Scott 9,635 37,394 6,034 53,063 

 (1) Includes amount of funds matched in connection with the Pentegra Defined Contribution Plan for Financial Institutions. (2) Includes amount of funds matched in connection with the Pentegra Nonqualified Defined Contribution Portion of the BEP. (3) Perquisites are valued at the actual amounts paid by the Bank and are benefits not available to all employees on equal terms. The Bank paid premiums for each named executive officer for group term life and long-term disability insurance. The Bank provided payment to M. Feinberg for executive medical benefits. (4) The Bank paid a tax gross-up amount for J. Gonz lez for a fitness reimbursement. This amount is included in column (c) of the Summary Compensation Table. The following table sets forth information regarding all incentive plan award opportunities made available to NEOs for the calendar year 2022 (in whole dollars). 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Calendar Year 2022 All Other All Other Exercise Grant Stock Option or Date Awards: Awards: Base Fair Value Estimated Future Payouts Estimated Future Payouts Number of Number of Price of of Stock Under Non-Equity Incentive Under Equity Incentive Shares of Securities Option and Option Grant Plan Awards (2) (3) Plan Awards Stock Underlying Awards Awards Name Date (1) Threshold Target Maximum Threshold Target Maximum or Units Options /Sh) /Sh) Jos R. Gonz lez 2/16/2022 555,000 888,000 1,110,000 Kevin M. Neylan 2/16/2022 175,897 293,162 439,743 Melody J. Feinberg 2/16/2022 151,911 253,185 379,778 Michael L. Radziemski 2/16/2022 144,309 240,516 360,774 Philip A. Scott 2/16/2022 156,849 261,414 392,121 

 (1) On this date, the Board of Directors C HR Committee approved the 2022 Incentive Plan. Approval of the ICP does not mean a payout is guaranteed. (2) Figures represent an assumed rating attained by the NEO of at least a specified threshold rating within the Meets Requirements category for the NEO with respect to their individual performance. (3) Amounts represent potential awards under the 2022 Incentive Plan. 
 213 

Table of Contents 
 Incentive Compensation Plan Opportunity Table for Calendar Year 2022 The table below provides information regarding the total incentive compensation amount awarded to NEOs based on Bank-wide goal results (in dollars): 

Bankwide Component 2022 (100 of Opportunity) Annual Salary Threshold Target Maximum Actual Result (1) Total Current Bankwide Communicated Communicated Bank Performance Component Award (2) Incentive Award (3) President 50 80 100 Jos R. Gonz lez 1,110,000 555,000 888,000 1,110,000 1,054,500 1,054,500 527,250 President Chief Executive Officer Other NEOs 30 50 75 Kevin M. Neylan 586,324 175,897 293,162 439,743 417,756 417,756 208,878 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Melody J. Feinberg 506,371 151,911 253,185 379,778 360,789 360,789 180,395 Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer Michael L. Radziemski 481,031 144,309 240,516 360,774 342,735 342,735 171,367 Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer Philip A. Scott 522,828 156,849 261,414 392,121 372,515 372,515 186,258 Senior Vice President, Chief Capital Markets Officer Acting Treasurer 

 (1) The weighted average of all group results for Bankwide goals, including Risk Management, was 86.1 above target. Payments are interpolated between the target and maximum amounts. (2) The Incentive Compensation is calculated as follows: a. The portion of the award for achieving target equals: Annual Salary multiplied by Target percentage, plus b. The portion of the award for exceeding target equals: Annual Salary multiplied by the Maximum minus Target percentage, multiplied by the percentage above target of the participant group. (3) There may be small differences in the calculated payout amounts due to rounding. The amount represented here is the Current Communicated Award of Incentive Compensation. The Current Communicated Incentive Award is the actual payout awarded to the NEO in 2023 for performance in 2022. [Refer to Section III d (Required Deferral of IC Plan Awards) of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis for further details]. Employment Arrangements We are an at will employer and do not provide written employment agreements to any of our employees, except that we do provide Executive Change in Control Agreements to the NEOs (refer to Section VI. b. of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Change in Control Agreements , for further details). However, employees, including NEOs, receive: (a) cash compensation (i.e., base salary, and, for exempt employees, variable or at risk short-term incentive compensation); (b) retirement-related benefits (i.e., the Qualified Defined Benefit Plan; the Qualified Defined Contribution Plan; and the Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan DB BEP )) and (c) health and welfare programs and other benefits. Other benefits, which are available to all regular employees, include medical, dental, vision care, life, business travel accident, and short- and long-term disability insurance, flexible spending accounts, an employee assistance program, educational development assistance, voluntary life insurance, long term care insurance, fitness club reimbursement and severance pay. An additional benefit offered to all officers who are at Vice President rank or above (including the NEOs) is a physical examination every 18 months. The annual base salaries for the NEOs are as follows (in whole dollars): 

2023 2022 Increase Jos R. Gonz lez 1,166,610 1,110,000 5.10 Kevin M. Neylan 616,227 586,324 5.10 Melody J. Feinberg 532,196 506,371 5.10 Michael L. Radziemski 503,159 481,031 4.60 Philip A. Scott 549,493 522,828 5.10 
 214 

Table of Contents 
 Note: Figures represent salaries approved by our Board of Directors for each year. A performance-based merit increase program exists for all employees, including NEOs that have a direct impact on base pay. Generally, employees receive merit increases on an annual basis. Such merit increases are based upon the attainment of a performance rating of Outstanding, Exceeds Requirements, or Meets Requirements achieved on individual performance evaluations. Annual merit increases may also contain a market adjustment based on market compensation job benchmarking. Refer to Section II of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, The Total Compensation Program for further details. Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan IC Plan Refer to Section III of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis IC Plan for further details. Qualified Defined Contribution Plan Employees who have met the eligibility requirements contained in the Pentegra Qualified Defined Contribution Plan for Financial Institutions DC Plan can choose to contribute to the DC Plan, a retirement savings plan qualified under the IRC. Employees are eligible for membership in the DC Plan on the first day of the month following three full calendar months of employment. Refer to Section IV (DC Plan) of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis for further details. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT CALENDAR YEAR-END AND OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED The tables disclosing (i) outstanding option and stock awards and (ii) exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock for NEOs are omitted because all employees are prohibited by law from holding capital stock issued by a Federal Home Loan Bank. As such, these tables are not applicable. PENSION BENEFITS The table below shows the present value of accumulated benefits payable to each of the NEO, the number of years of service credited to each such person, and payments during the last Calendar year (if any) to each such person, under the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions and the Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan (amounts in whole dollars) (refer to Sections IV of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for further details about these plans): 

Pension Benefits Number of Present Value Payment During Years Credited of Accumulated Last Name Plan Name Service (1) Benefit (2) Fiscal Year Jos R. Gonz lez Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan 8.83 596,000 Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan 8.83 5,458,000 Kevin M. Neylan Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan 21.33 2,139,000 Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan 21.33 5,285,000 Melody J. Feinberg Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan 10.83 657,000 Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan 10.83 1,134,000 Michael L. Radziemski Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan 3.08 144,000 Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan 3.08 Philip A. Scott Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan 16.00 1,176,000 Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan 16.00 2,065,000 

 (1) Number of years of credited service pertains to eligibility/participation in the qualified plan. Assuming the NEO is eligible for the Nonqualified Defined Benefit Portion of the Benefit Equalization Plan, years of credited service are the same as for the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions Qualified Plan. (2) As of 12/31/2022. 
 215 

Table of Contents 
 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN The following table discloses contributions to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation plans, each Named Executive Officer s withdrawals (if any), aggregate earnings and year-end balances in such plans (whole dollars): 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 Executive Registrant Aggregate Aggregate Aggregate Contributions in Contributions in Earnings in Withdrawals/ Balance at Name Last FY (1) Last FY (2) Last FY Distributions Last FYE Jos R. Gonz lez DC BEP 83,342 82,544 (121,165) 751,641 NDICP Kevin M. Neylan DC BEP 84,178 43,286 (39,302) 745,406 NDICP 336,090 (13,468) 966,450 Melody J. Feinberg DC BEP 25,228 29,204 (11,251) 312,604 NDICP (107,671) 1,002,135 Michael L. Radziemski DC BEP 21,025 26,634 (7,604) 83,333 NDICP Philip A. Scott DC BEP 66,956 37,394 (84,038) 486,361 NDICP 196,278 (171,899) 1,243,767 

 (1) These amounts as they pertain to the DC BEP and NDICP are also included in the Salary and Non-Equity Incentive Compensation columns of the Summary Compensation Table, respectively, for if an executive is an NEO in a particular year; these amounts would have been paid as salary or incentive compensation but for deferral into the nonqualified plans (described above as our DC BEP and NDICP). (2) These totals as they pertain to the DC BEP are also included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table. There are no registrant contributions in connection with the NDICP. Refer to Section IV of the Compensation and Discussion Analysis for more information concerning the DC BEP and NDICP. 
 216 

Table of Contents 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING TERMINATION AND CHANGE IN CONTROL PROVISIONS Severance Plan The Bank has a formal Board-approved Severance Plan available to all Bank employees who work twenty or more hours a week and have at least one year of employment. (Refer to Section VI of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Severance Plan , for further details.) The following table describes estimated severance payout information under the Severance Plan for each NEO assuming that severance would have occurred on December 31, 2022 for reasons other than a change in control (for example, a reduction in force) (amounts in whole dollars): 

Number of Weeks Used to 2022 Annual Severance Amount Calculate Severance Amount Base Salary Based on Years of Service Jos R. Gonz lez 

36 

1,110,000 

768,462 

 Kevin M. Neylan 36 586,324 405,917 Melody J. Feinberg 36 506,371 350,564 Michael L. Radziemski 12 481,031 111,007 Philip A. Scott 36 522,828 361,958 

 Additionally, under the Bank s Severance Plan, the Bank, in its discretion, may provide a payment to be used in connection with health insurance replacement costs. Executive Change in Control Agreements Executive Change in Control Agreements CIC Agreements were executed in January 2016 between the FHLBNY and each of the members of the Management Committee, including the CEO and the other Named Executive Officers, which, as more fully described below, would provide the executive with certain severance payments and benefits in the event employment is terminated in connection with a Bank change in control . The CIC Agreements were renewed in January 2022 for an additional three-year period. The following table describes estimated severance and benefit payout information under the CIC Agreements for each NEO assuming that a change in control merger or acquisition would have occurred on December 31, 2022 (amounts in whole dollars). (Refer to Section VI of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Change in Control Agreements , for further details). 
 217 

Table of Contents 
 Sample CIC Agreement Contract Pay-Outs Assuming December 31, 2022 Bank Merger or Acquisition 

Jos Kevin Melody Michael Philip Provision Gonz lez Neylan Feinberg Radziemski Scott Amount equal to the executive s average gross base salary for the three years prior to his employment termination date (with any partial years being annualized), multiplied by 2.99 for Mr. Gonz lez, and 1.5 for Messrs. Neylan, Radziemski, Scott and Ms. Feinberg 3,091,660 851,137 735,073 701,403 760,680 Amount equal to the executive s full target incentive payout estimate, or the actual amount of the payment to the executive under the FHLBNY s Incentive Compensation Plan, if lower, in either case, in respect of the year prior to the year of the employment termination date, multiplied by 2.99 for Mr. Gonz lez, and 1.5 for Messrs. Neylan, Radziemski, Scott and Ms. Feinberg 2,382,432 412,500 356,250 340,725 367,829 Amount equal to the cost of health, dental and vision care benefits that FHLBNY actually incurred by FHLBNY on behalf of the Executive and his dependents, if any, during the twelve (12) months prior to the executive s employment termination date 21,922 30,621 2,000 31,690 20,940 A payment in the amount of 15,000 which may be used by the Executive for job search-related expenses 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 A payment in the amount of 15,000 which may be used by the Executive for accounting, actuarial, financial, legal and/or tax services 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 Additional age and service credits under the FHLBNY non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plan Nonqualified DB BEP of three (3) years for Mr. Gonz lez and one and one-half (1.5) years for Messrs. Neylan, Radziemski, Scott and Ms. Feinberg 2,247,410 638,788 293,149 229,584 397,339 Additional age and service credits under the FHLBNY qualified non-qualified defined contribution plan of three (3) years for Mr. Gonz lez and one and one-half (1.5) years for Messrs. Neylan, Radziemski, Scott and Ms. Feinberg 299,700 79,154 68,360 64,939 70,582 Total value of contract 8,073,124 2,042,200 1,484,832 1,398,341 1,647,370 

 (a) Additionally, in the event of a change in control, the executive will be paid deferred incentive compensation otherwise owed under the terms of the deferred portion of the Bank s Incentive Compensation Plan (as described at Section III of this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Required Deferral of IC Plan Award ). CEO Pay Ratio For the year ended December 31, 2022, the ratio of our CEO s Total Compensation to the FHLBNYs median of the annual Total Compensation of all our employees, except the CEO Median Employee is (15.4:1). Total Compensation of the Median Employee for 2022 is calculated in the same manner Total Compensation for 2022 is shown for our CEO in the Summary Compensation Table, which includes among other things, amounts attributable to the change in pension value, which will vary among employees based upon their tenure at the FHLBNY. During 2022, total pension values for the Median Employee decreased by 1,000. For 2022, the Total Compensation of the Median Employee was 151,256 and the Total Compensation of the CEO, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table, was 2,321,427. We identified the Median Employee using the date of October 1, 2022, by compiling the amount of base salary and incentive awards as reflected in our payroll records for each of the employees who were employed by the FHLBNY in 2022 regardless of current employment status and ranking the annualized cash compensation for all such employees (a list of 370 employees) from lowest to 
 218 

Table of Contents 
 highest, excluding the CEO, and which was applied consistently to all our employees included in the calculation. We believe this compensation measure reasonably reflects the annual compensation of all the FHLBNY employees and was prepared under applicable SEC rules. The FHLBNY included all full-time employees in the calculation of the Median Employee and annualized all such employees who were not employed by us for all of 2022. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table summarizes the compensation paid by us to each of our Directors for the year ended December 31, 2022 (whole dollars): 

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Fees Non-Equity Deferred Earned or Stock Option Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Name Paid in Cash Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total John R. Buran 152,500 152,500 Larry E. Thompson 132,500 132,500 Danelle M. Barrett 120,000 120,000 Thomas R. Cangemi 120,000 120,000 Kevin Cummings 30,000 30,000 Thomas L. Hoy 130,000 130,000 David R. Huber 130,000 130,000 Thomas J. Kemly 120,000 120,000 Charles E. Kilbourne, III 120,000 120,000 Kenneth J. Mahon 120,000 120,000 Christopher P. Martin 130,000 130,000 Richard S. Mroz 130,000 130,000 David J. Nasca 120,000 120,000 Gerald L. Reeves 120,000 120,000 Stephen S. Romaine 120,000 120,000 DeForest B. Soaries, Jr. 130,000 130,000 Josie J. Thomas 120,000 120,000 Carlos J. V zquez 130,000 130,000 ngela Weyne 120,000 120,000 Total Fees 2,295,000 2,295,000 

 All Directors received their maximum potential compensation in 2022 except for Director Cummings, who, due to a corporate merger, resigned from the Board effective as of April 7, 2022. Director Compensation Policy: Director Fee Opportunities The Board establishes on an annual basis a Director Compensation Policy governing compensation for Board meeting attendance. This policy is established in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act (Bank Act) and related Federal Housing Finance Agency. In sum, the applicable statutes and regulations allow each FHLBank to pay its Directors reasonable compensation and expenses, subject to the authority of the Director of the Finance Agency to object to, and to prohibit prospectively, compensation and/or expenses that the Director of the Finance Agency determines are not reasonable. The Director Compensation Policy provides that directors shall be paid a meeting fee for their attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors up to a maximum annual compensation amount as set forth in the Director Compensation Policy. On October 17, 2014, the FHFA issued non-public guidance for the Federal Home Loan Banks concerning the factors the regulator considers relevant in its oversight of director compensation and expenses-related determinations under its regulations. Pursuant to the 2014 guidance, the FHFA did not approve the Bank s proposed 2023 director compensation increases because the guidance established a benchmarking peer group that does not in the Board s view, as confirmed by an independent compensation consultant, accurately reflect the size and operations of our Bank. The Board is complying with the regulator s position, and as such there were no increases 
 219 

Table of Contents 
 in director compensation for 2023, but it does not agree with the regulator s conclusions and the resulting override of the Board s business judgment. The Board believes the FHFA s guidance, if not modified, may in the future impair the Board s supervisory responsibility and ability to hire, and retain, qualified directors. The Board will continue to dialogue with the FHFA concerning the regulatory review process pertaining to director fee benchmarking. In determining appropriate and reasonable fee opportunities available to FHLBNY Directors, the Board takes into consideration the following factors: the desire to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled individuals in order to help guide a complex and highly-regulated financial institution that is subject to a variety of financial, reputational and other risks; the highly competitive environment for talent in the New York City metropolitan area -- a center of world finance in which stock exchanges, securities companies and other sophisticated financial institutions are located (and in this regard, we note that Directors are required to be sourced from within the District and the pay rate should reflect the local market); the demands of the Director position, including the time and effort that Directors must devote to FHLBNY and Board business as the Board meets more frequently than many public company boards; the FHLBNY must pay competitive director compensation in order to attract and retain diverse board members who often have several opportunities to join other boards; the overall performance of the FHLBNY, an institution that is a Federal Home Loan Bank System leader, a strong financial performer, a reliable source of liquidity for its customers, and a provider of a consistent dividend and an institution which wishes to maintain this performance; and Director compensation surveys performed over time by outside compensation consulting firm McLagan, most recently in 2022 surveys which have provided the Directors with the ability to compare Director compensation opportunities with compensation opportunities available at other institutions. 
 The Board reviews the issue of appropriate and reasonable Director fee opportunities on an annual basis. Below are tables summarizing the Director fees and the annual compensation limits that were set by the Board for 2022. Following these tables are additional tables summarizing the Director fees and the annual compensation limits set by the Board for 2023. Director Fee Opportunities 2022 (in whole dollars) 

Fees For Each Board Meeting Attended Position (Paid Quarterly in Arrears) (b) Chairman 19,062 Vice Chairman 16,562 Committee Chairs (a) 16,250 All Other Directors 15,000 Director Annual Compensation Limits 2022 (in whole dollars) 

Position Annual Limit Chairman 152,500 Vice Chairman 132,500 Committee Chairs (a) 130,000 All Other Directors 120,000 
 220 

Table of Contents 
 Director Fee Opportunities 2023 (in whole dollars) 

Fees For Each Board Meeting Attended Position (Paid Quarterly in Arrears) (b) Chairman 19,062 Vice Chairman 16,562 Committee Chairs (a) 16,250 All Other Directors 15,000 Director Annual Compensation Limits 2023 (in whole dollars) 

Position Annual Limit Chairman 152,500 Vice Chairman 132,500 Committee Chairs (a) 130,000 All Other Directors 120,000 

 (a) A Committee Chair does not receive any additional payment if he or she serves as the Chair of more than one Board Committee. In addition, the Board Chair and Board Vice Chair do not receive any additional compensation if they serve as a Chair of one or more Board Committees. (b) The numbers in this column represent payments for each of eight meetings attended by the Committee Chairs and all other Directors other than the Board Chair and Board Vice Chair. The numbers in this column also represent payments for each of seven meetings attended by the Board Chair and the Board Vice Chair. If an eighth meeting is attended by the Board Chair, they will receive 19,066 for that meeting. If an eighth meeting is attended by the Board Vice Chair, they will receive 16,566 for that meeting 
 Director Compensation Policy: Director Expenses The Director Compensation Policy also authorizes us to reimburse Directors for necessary and reasonable travel, subsistence, and other related expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their official duties. For expense reimbursement purposes, Directors official duties can include: Meetings of the Board and Board Committees Meetings requested by the Federal Housing Finance Agency Meetings of Federal Home Loan Bank System committees Federal Home Loan Bank System director orientation meetings Meetings of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks and Council committees Attendance at other events on behalf of the Bank with prior approval 

 221 

Table of Contents 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. FHLBNY stock can only be held by member financial institutions. No person, including directors and executive officers of the FHLBNY, may own our capital stock. As such, we do not offer any compensation plan to any individuals under which equity securities of the Bank are authorized for issuance. The following tables provide information about those members who were beneficial owners of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock (shares in thousands) as of February 28, 2023 and December 31, 2022: 

Number Percent February 28, 2023 of Shares of Total Name of Beneficial Owner Principal Executive Office Address Owned Capital Stock Flagstar Bank, N.A. 102 Duffy Avenue, Hicksville, NY, 11801 7,778 12.68 Citibank, N.A. 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10043 7,593 12.38 MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 6,591 10.74 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 769 1.25 Subtotal MetLife, Inc. 7,360 11.99 Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America 730 Third Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 4,229 6.89 Signature Bank 565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 4,208 6.86 Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10104 3,736 6.09 34,904 56.89 

Number Percent December 31, 2022 of Shares of Total Name of Beneficial Owner Principal Executive Office Address Owned Capital Stock Citibank, N.A. 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10043 9,172 14.35 Flagstar Bank, N.A. 102 Duffy Avenue, Hicksville, NY, 11801 7,621 11.92 MetLife, Inc.: Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 6,591 10.31 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 200 Park Avenue, New York, NY, 10166 702 1.10 Subtotal MetLife, Inc. 7,293 11.41 Signature Bank 565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 5,603 8.77 Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY, 10104 3,943 6.17 Teachers Ins. Annuity Assoc. of America 730 Third Avenue, New York, NY, 10017 3,688 5.77 37,320 58.39 All capital stock held by each member of the FHLBNY is by law automatically pledged to the FHLBNY as additional collateral for all indebtedness of each such member to the FHLBNY. 

Number Percent of Shares of Total Name Director City State Owned Capital Stock Flagstar Bank, N.A. Thomas R. Cangemi Hicksville NJ 7,621 11.92 Provident Bank Christopher P. Martin Iselin NJ 685 1.07 Dime Community Bank Kenneth J. Mahon New York NY 636 1.00 Columbia Bank Thomas J. Kemly Fair Lawn NJ 564 0.88 Flushing Bank John R. Buran Uniondale, PR 458 0.72 Banco Popular North America Carlos J. V zquez San Juan PR 384 0.60 Banco Popular de Puerto Rico Carlos J. V zquez San Juan NJ 275 0.43 Tompkins Trust Company Stephen S. Romaine Ithaca NY 176 0.28 Evans Bank, N.A. David J. Nasca Williamsville NY 104 0.16 Sturdy Savings Bank Gerald L. Reeves Cape May Court House NY 35 0.05 Glens Falls National Bank Trust Company Thomas L. Hoy Glens Falls NY 29 0.04 10,967 17.15 
 222 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. We have a cooperative structure and our customers own the entity s capital stock. Capital stock ownership is a prerequisite to the transaction by members of any business with us. The majority of the members of our Board of Directors are Member Directors (i.e., directors elected by our members who are officers or directors of our members). The remaining members of the Board are Independent Directors (i.e., directors elected by our members who are not officers or directors of our members). We conduct our advances and mortgage loan business almost exclusively with members. Grants under the AHP and AHP advances are also made in partnership or in connection with our members. Therefore, in the normal course of business, we may extend credit to members whose officers or directors may serve as our directors. In addition, we may also extend credit and offer services and AHP benefits to members who own more than 5 of our stock. All products, services and AHP benefits extended by us to such members are provided at market terms and conditions that are no more favorable to them than the terms and conditions of comparable transactions with other members. Under the provisions of Section 7(j) of the FHLBank Act (12 U.S.C. 1427(j)), our Board is required to administer our business with our members without discrimination in favor of or against any member. For more information about transactions with stockholders, see Note 20. Related Party Transactions, in the audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. The review and approval of transactions with related persons is governed by the Bank s written Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (Code), which is posted on the Corporate Governance Section of the FHLBNY s website at https://www.fhlbny.com. Under the Code, each director is required to disclose to the Board of Directors all actual or apparent conflicts of interest, including any personal financial interest that he or she has, as well as such interests of any immediate family member or business associate of the director known to the director, in any matter to be considered by the Board of Directors or in which another person does, or proposes to do, business with the Bank. Following such disclosure, the Board of Directors is empowered to determine whether an actual conflict exists. In the event the Board of Directors determines the existence of a conflict with respect to any matter, the affected director must recuse himself or herself from all further considerations relating to that matter. Issues under the Code regarding conflicts of interests involving directors are administered by the Board or, in the Board s discretion, the Board s Corporate Governance Committee. The Code also provides that, subject to certain limited exceptions for, among other items, interests arising through ownership of mutual funds and certain financial interests acquired prior to employment by the Bank, no Bank employee may have a financial interest in any Bank member. Extensions of credit from members to employees are acceptable that are entered into or established in the ordinary, normal course of business, so long as the terms are no more favorable than would be available in like circumstances to persons who are not employees of the Bank. Employees provide disclosures regarding financial interests and financial relationships on a periodic basis. These disclosures are provided to and reviewed by the Director of Human Resources and Corporate Real Estate, who is (along with the Chief Audit Officer) one of the Bank s two Ethics Officers; the Ethics Officers have responsibility for enforcing the Code of Ethics with respect to employees on a day-to-day basis. Director Independence In General During the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, the Bank had a total of 21 directors serving on its Board, 12 of whom were Member Directors (i.e., directors elected by the Bank s members who are officers or directors of Bank members) and 9 of whom were Independent Directors (i.e., directors elected by the Bank s members who are not officers or directors of Bank members). All of the Bank s directors were independent of management from the standpoint that they were not, and could not serve as, Bank employees or officers. Also, all individuals, including the Bank s directors, are prohibited by law from personally owning stock or stock options in the Bank. In addition, the Bank is required to determine whether at least some of its directors are independent under two distinct director independence standards. First, Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) regulations establish independence criteria for directors who serve as members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Second, for disclosure purposes, the Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) regulations require that the Bank disclose whether the members of its Board of Directors are independent under the independence criteria of a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system in assessing the independence of its directors. In addition, Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act sets forth the independence requirements of directors serving on the Audit Committee of an SEC reporting company. 
 223 

Table of Contents 
 Finance Agency Regulations Regarding Independence The Finance Agency director independence standards prohibit individuals from serving as members of the Bank s Audit Committee if they have one or more disqualifying relationships with the Bank or its management that would interfere with the exercise of that individual s independent judgment. Under Finance Agency regulations, disqualifying relationships can include, but are not limited to: employment with the Bank at any time during the last five years; acceptance of compensation from the Bank other than for service as a director; being a consultant, advisor, promoter, underwriter or legal counsel for the Bank at any time within the last five years; and being an immediate family member of an individual who is or who has been within the past five years, a Bank executive officer. The Board of Directors has assessed the independence of all directors under the Finance Agency s independence standards, regardless of whether they serve on the Audit Committee. From January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Board has determined that all of the persons who served as a director of the Bank, including all directors who served as members of the Audit Committee, were independent under these criteria. Exchange Act and NYSE Rules Regarding Independence In addition, pursuant to SEC regulations, for disclosure purposes, the Board applies the independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) to determine which of its directors and committee members are independent. The Board also applies Rule 10A-3 to determine the independence of the directors serving on its Audit Committee. After applying the NYSE independence standards, the Board has determined that all of the Bank s Independent Directors who served at any time during the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (i.e., Melba I. Acosta, Danelle M. Barrett, David R. Huber, Charles E. Kilbourne, III, Richard S. Mroz, DeForest B. Soaries, Jr., Josie J. Thomas, Larry E. Thompson and ngela Weyne) were independent. Separately, the Board was unable to affirmatively determine that there were no material relationships (as defined in the NYSE rules) between the Bank and its Member Directors, and has therefore concluded that none of the Bank s Member Directors who served at any time during the aforementioned period (i.e., John R. Buran, Thomas R. Cangemi, Kevin Cummings, Thomas L. Hoy, Thomas J. Kemly, Kenneth J. Mahon, Christopher P. Martin, David J. Nasca, Gerald L. Reeves, Ira Robbins, Stephen S. Romaine, and Carlos J. V zquez) were independent under the NYSE independence standards. In making this determination, the Board considered the cooperative relationship between the Bank and its members. Specifically, the Board considered the fact that each of the Bank s Member Directors are officers of a Bank member institution, and that each member institution has access to, and is encouraged to use, the Bank s products and services. Furthermore, the Board acknowledges that under NYSE rules, there are certain objective tests that, if not passed, would preclude a finding of independence. One such test pertains to the amount of business conducted with the Bank by the Member Director s institution. It is possible that a Member Director could satisfy this test on a particular day. However, because the amount of business conducted by a Member Director s institution may change frequently, and because the Bank generally desires to increase the amount of business it conducts with each member, the directors deemed it inappropriate to draw distinctions among the Member Directors based solely upon the amount of business conducted with the Bank by any director s institution at a specific time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board believes that it functions as a governing body that can and does act with good judgment with respect to the corporate governance and business affairs of the Bank. The Board is aware of its statutory responsibilities under Section 7(j) of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, which specifically provides that the Board of Directors of a Federal Home Loan Bank must administer the affairs of the Home Loan Bank fairly and impartially and without discrimination in favor of or against any member borrower. The Board has a standing Audit Committee. For the reasons noted above, the Board has determined that none of the Member Directors who served at any time as members of the Board s Audit Committee during the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (Kevin Cummings, Thomas L. Hoy, Thomas J. Kemly, Christopher P. Martin and Gerald L. Reeves) were independent under the NYSE standards for such committee members. The Board also determined that the Independent Directors who served as members of the Board s Audit Committee during the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (David R. Huber, Charles E. Kilbourne, III and Larry E. Thompson) were independent under 
 224 

Table of Contents 
 the NYSE independence standards for such committee members. The Board also applied Rule 10A-3 to assess the independence of the members of its Audit Committee. Under Rule 10A-3, in order to be considered independent, a member of the Audit Committee may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the Board or any other Board Committee (i) accept any consulting, advisory, or other compensation from us or (ii) be an affiliated person of the Bank. During the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, all of our directors, including all members of our Audit Committee, were independent under these criteria. The Board also has a standing Compensation Human Resources Committee (C HRC). For the reasons noted above, the Board has determined that none of the Member Directors who served at any time as members of the Bank s C HRC during the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (Kevin Cummings, Kenneth J. Mahon, Christopher P. Martin, David J. Nasca and Stephen S. Romaine) were independent under the NYSE standards for such committee members. The Board also determined that the Independent Directors who served as members of the Board s C HRC during the period from January 1, 2022 through and including the date of this annual report on Form 10-K (David R. Huber, DeForest B. Soaries, Jr., Josie J. Thomas and ngela Weyne) were independent under the NYSE independence standards for such committee members. 
 225 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following table sets forth the fees paid to our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP (PwC), during years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

Years ended December 31, 2022 (a) 2021 (a) 2020 (a) Audit Fees and Expenses 1,068 995 960 Audit-related Fees 66 61 58 Tax Fees 20 20 All Other Fees 3 4 3 Total 1,137 1,080 1,041 

 (a) The amounts in the table do not include the assessment from the Office of Finance (OF) for the Bank s share of the audit fees of approximately 69 thousand, 74 thousand and 78 thousand for 2022, 2021 and 2020, incurred in connection with the audit of the combined financial statements published by the OF. AUDIT FEES Audit fees relate to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of the FHLBNY s annual financial statements, and review of interim financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. AUDIT-RELATED FEES Audit-related fees primarily relate to consultation services provided in connection with respect to certain accounting and reporting standards. TAX FEES Tax fees relate to consultation services provided primarily with respect to tax withholding matters. ALL OTHER FEES These other fees are primarily related to review of various accounting matters and consultation services. Policy on Audit Committee Pre-approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. We have adopted a policy that prohibits our independent registered public accounting firm from performing non-financial consulting services, such as information technology consulting and internal audit services. This policy also mandates that the audit and non-audit services and related budget be approved by the full Audit Committee or Audit Committee Chair in advance, and that the Audit Committee be provided with periodic reporting on actual spending. In accordance with this policy, all services to be performed by PwC were pre-approved by either the full Audit Committee or the Audit Committee Chair. Subsequent to the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), the Audit Committee has met with PwC to further understand the provisions of that Act as it relates to independence. PwC will rotate the lead audit partner and other partners as appropriate in compliance with the Act. The Audit Committee will continue to monitor the activities undertaken by PwC to comply with the Act. 
 226 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements included as part of this Form 10-K are identified in the index to the Financial Statements appearing in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which index is incorporated in this Item 15 by reference. 2. Financial Statement Schedules Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes, under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 227 

Table of Contents 
 3.Exhibits 

No. Exhibit Description Filed with this Form 10-K Form Date Filed 3.01 Restated Organization Certificate of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Bank 8-K 12/1/2005 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Bank 8-K 3/21/2019 4.01 Amended and Restated Capital Plan of the Bank 8-K/A 2/10/2021 4.02 Description of Securities X 10.01 Bank 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (a) 8-K 3/18/2019 10.02 Bank 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (a) 8-K 4/6/2020 10.03 Bank 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (a) 8-K 5/7/2021 10.04 Bank 2022 Incentive Compensation Plan (a) 8-K 3/30/2022 10.05 2023 Director Compensation Policy (a) X 10.06 Bank Amended and Restated Severance Pay Plan (a) X 10.07 Bank Amended And Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan (a) 8-K 11/23/2022 10.08 Nonqualified Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan (a) X 10.09 Bank Amended and Restated Bank Profit Sharing Plan (a) 10-K 3/25/2013 10.10 Amended and Restated Federal Home Loan Banks P I Funding and Contingency Agreement (2017) 10-K 3/21/2017 10.11 Form of Executive Change in Control Agreement between the Bank and each of the CEO and the other members of the Bank s Management Committee (a) 10-K 3/22/2022 10.12 Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement among the Federal Home Loan Banks 8-K 8/5/2011 31.01 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.02 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.01 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.02 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer, as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 99.01 Audit Committee Report X 99.02 Audit Committee Charter X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 X Notes : 

 Means that this exhibit is incorporated by reference from the named Form; the filing date of such named Form is listed in the next column. (a) This exhibit includes a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement required to be noted herein. 
 228 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 229 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Federal Home Loan Bank of New York By: /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 17, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated below: 

Signature Title Date /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2023 Jos R. Gonz lez (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 17, 2023 Kevin M. Neylan (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Scott Kay Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller March 17, 2023 Scott Kay (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ John R. Buran Chairman of the Board of Directors March 17, 2023 John R. Buran /s/ Larry E. Thompson Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors March 17, 2023 Larry E. Thompson /s/ Melba I. Acosta Director March 17, 2023 Melba I. Acosta /s/ Danelle M. Barrett Director March 17, 2023 Danelle M. Barrett /s/ Thomas R. Cangemi Director March 17, 2023 Thomas R. Cangemi /s/ Thomas L. Hoy Director March 17, 2023 Thomas L. Hoy /s/ David R. Huber Director March 17, 2023 David R. Huber /s/ Thomas J. Kemly Director March 17, 2023 Thomas J. Kemly 
 230 

Table of Contents 
 2 

Signature Title Date /s/ Charles E. Kilbourne, III Director March 17, 2023 Charles E. Kilbourne, III /s/ Kenneth J. Mahon Director March 17, 2023 Kenneth J. Mahon /s/ Christopher P. Martin Director March 17, 2023 Christopher P. Martin /s/ David J. Nasca Director March 17, 2023 David J. Nasca /s/ Gerald L. Reeves Director March 17, 2023 Gerald L. Reeves /s/ Ira Robbins Director March 17, 2023 Ira Robbins /s/ Stephen S. Romaine Director March 17, 2023 Stephen S. Romaine /s/ DeForest B. Soaries, Jr. Director March 17, 2023 DeForest B. Soaries, Jr. /s/ Josie J. Thomas Director March 17, 2023 Josie J. Thomas /s/ Carlos J. V zquez Director March 17, 2023 Carlos J. V zquez /s/ ngela Weyne Director March 17, 2023 ngela Weyne 
 231 

<EX-4.02>
 2
 fhlbny-20221231xex4d02.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.02

Exhibit 4.02 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our Class B Stock, putable, par value 100 per share (the Class B Stock ), which is registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Description of Class B Stock The following description of our Class B Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Organization Certificate (the Organization Certificate ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and our Amended and Restated Capital Plan (the Capital Plan ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.02 is a part. We encourage you to read our Organization Certificate, our Bylaws, our Capital Plan and the applicable provisions of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, as amended (the FHLBank Act ), the Federal Home Loan Bank System Modernization Act, which was enacted as Title VI of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act and related regulations of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (the Finance Agency for additional information. General The Federal Home Loan Banks FHLBanks ), including FHLBNY, have a unique cooperative structure. To access FHLBNY s products and services, a financial institution must be approved for membership and purchase capital stock in FHLBNY. The members stock requirement is based on the amount of mortgage- related assets on the member s balance sheet and its use of FHLBNY advances (and certain other FHLBNY products), as prescribed by the FHLBank Act; this reflects the value of having ready access to FHLBNY as a reliable source of low-cost funds. Under our Capital Plan, our Class B Stock consists of two sub-classes: membership stock and activity-based stock. The shares of Class B Stock offered to members are only issued at par value and do not trade in any market. Redemptions and repurchases of such stock by the FHLBNY, and any transfers of such stock, are also only made at par value. Each FHLBNY member is required to maintain a certain minimum investment in Class B Stock of the FHLBNY. The minimum investment is determined by a membership requirement (the Membership Stock Purchase Requirement and an activity-based requirement (the Activity Stock Purchase Requirement (together, the Minimum Stock Investment Requirement ). Each member is required to maintain a certain minimum investment in membership stock for as long as the institution remains a member of the FHLBNY. In addition, each member is required to purchase activity-based stock in proportion to the volume of certain transactions between the member and the FHLBNY. The FHLBNY may adjust these investment requirements from time to time within the limits established in the Capital Plan. 
 1 

Voting Rights Voting rights in regard to the election of directors are established by regulation. Specifically, holders of Class B Stock that are members of the FHLBNY as of the record date (i.e., December 31 of the year immediately preceding an election) are entitled to participate in the election process. Eligible shareholders may nominate representatives from members in their states to serve four-year terms on the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY. After the slate of nominees is finalized, each member is eligible to vote for each open Member Director seat in the state in which its principal place of business is located, as well as for each open districtwide Independent Director seat. Each member is entitled to cast one vote for each share of Class B Stock that the member was required to hold as of the record date; however, the number of votes that each member may cast for each open directorship cannot exceed the average number of shares of Class B Stock that were required to be held by all members located in that state on the record date. Redemption Rights From time to time, the FHLBNY may issue or repurchase Class B Stock to new members, current members, or former members or their successors in accordance with the Capital Plan, and as necessary to allow the FHLBNY to satisfy the minimum capital requirements established by the GLB Act. The Class B Stock issued or repurchased may be membership stock, activity-based stock, or both. Under the GLB Act and related Finance Agency regulations, Class B Stock is in general subject to redemption upon the expiration of a five-year redemption period (the Stock Redemption Period ). Only Class B Stock in excess of the Minimum Stock Investment Requirement of a member or former member (including successors) may be redeemed at the end of the Stock Redemption Period. (Further, the FHLBNY shall automatically repurchase excess activity-based stock from time to time and may repurchase excess membership stock in the FHLBNY s sole discretion.) However, there is no guarantee that a member will be able to redeem its investment even at the end of a Stock Redemption Period. If the redemption of Class B Stock, or the repurchase of such stock by the FHLBNY, would cause the FHLBNY to fail to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirements, then such redemption or repurchase would be prohibited. Likewise, the FHLBNY would not honor a redemption request if such redemption would cause the member to fail to maintain its required Minimum Stock Investment Requirement. The FHLBNY may also decide to suspend the redemption of Class B Stock if it reasonably believes that such redemptions would cause the FHLBNY to fail to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirements, would prevent the FHLBNY from maintaining adequate capital against a potential risk or would otherwise prevent the FHLBNY from operating in a safe and sound manner. In addition, approval from the Finance Agency for redemptions or repurchases would be required if the Finance Agency or the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY were to determine that the FHLBNY has incurred, or is likely to incur, losses that result in, or are likely to result in, charges against the capital of the FHLBNY. Under such circumstances, there can be no assurance that the Finance Agency would grant such approval or, if it did, upon what terms it might do so. Accordingly, notwithstanding the expiration of the Stock Redemption Period, there are a variety of circumstances that would preclude the FHLBNY from redeeming or repurchasing the Class B Stock of a member. Since there is no public market for the Class B Stock and transfers of Class B Stock between members are generally prohibited under the Capital Plan, there can be no assurance that a member s purchase of Class B Stock would not effectively become an illiquid investment in the FHLBNY. 
 2 

Minimum Stock Investment Requirement for Members Each member is required to maintain a certain minimum investment in the Class B Stock of the FHLBNY. This Minimum Stock Investment Requirement is comprised of a Membership Stock Purchase Requirement and an Activity-Based Stock Purchase Requirement. Stock held by a member in excess of its required investment is known as Excess Stock. A member may obtain Excess Stock by a variety of means, including reducing its Mortgage-related Assets, or by reducing its level of transactions with the FHLBNY. Although the FHLBNY does not currently expect to do so, the FHLBNY may rely from time to time upon the Excess Stock of members in addition to the amounts of stock members are required to own in order to satisfy its Minimum Regulatory Capital Requirements. In such case, a member that owns Excess Stock in the FHLBNY would not be able to redeem such stock for cash nor could the FHLBNY repurchase such stock as long as the FHLBNY needs such Excess Stock to satisfy its Minimum Capital Regulatory Requirements. Under such circumstances, which may occur particularly in periods of growth in the FHLBNY s assets that do not directly require matching stock investments by members, a member s investment in Excess Stock effectively would become permanent capital in the FHLBNY and would remain so unless and until the FHLBNY were able to find another source of capital (which could occur, for example, through an increase in either the Membership Stock Purchase Requirement or the Activity-Based Stock Purchase Requirement applicable to members). Moreover, if a member holds Excess Stock and if the FHLBNY is relying upon such Excess Stock in order to satisfy its Minimum Regulatory Capital Requirements, the member may be unable to utilize its Excess Stock to support new transactions with the FHLBNY but may be required by the FHLBNY to purchase additional Class B Stock to ensure that the FHLBNY remains adequately capitalized. Thus, under this scenario, a member s Excess Stock position in the FHLBNY would increase with each new transaction it enters into with the FHLBNY. Increases in the Minimum Amount of Class B Stock Required to be Purchased Under the Capital Plan, the Board of Directors of the FHLBNY may increase the Minimum Stock Investment Requirement of members within certain ranges specified in the Capital Plan. The Minimum Stock Investment Requirement may also be increased pursuant to an amendment to the Capital Plan, which must be approved by the Finance Agency. The FHLBNY shall provide members with notice prior to the effective date of any increase in their Minimum Stock Investment Requirement. Under the Capital Plan, members are required to purchase additional stock in the FHLBNY as necessary to comply with such new requirements or, alternatively, may reduce the volume of their activity with the FHLBNY on or prior to the effective date of any increase in the Activity-Based Stock Requirement. To facilitate the purchase of additional stock to satisfy an increase in a Member s Minimum Stock Investment Requirement, the FHLBNY may, pursuant to the terms of its Correspondent Services Agreement with the member, issue stock in the name of the member and correspondingly debit the member s DDA Account at the FHLBNY. Limitations on Payment of Dividends Under the Bank Act and Finance Agency regulations, the FHLBanks may pay dividends on their stock only out of retained earnings or current net earnings. However, an FHLBank that is not in compliance with its Minimum Regulatory Capital Requirements may not pay dividends to members nor may an FHLBank pay dividends if, after doing so, it would fail to meet any of such minimum requirements. 
 3 

Moreover, an FHLBank may not pay dividends to members if any principal and interest due on consolidated obligations issued through the Office of Finance has not been paid in full or, under certain circumstances, if the FHLBank becomes a noncomplying FHLBank under Finance Agency regulations as a result of its inability to comply with regulatory liquidity requirements or to satisfy its current obligations. Capital Plan Amendments Subject to Finance Agency Approval The Finance Agency must approve all amendments to the Capital Plan before they may become effective. However, such amendments to the Capital Plan are not subject to member consent or approval. While amendments must be consistent with the FHLB Act and Finance Agency regulations, it is possible that they would result in changes to the Capital Plan that could adversely affect the rights and obligations of members. Vote on Voluntary Merger In the event of a voluntary merger between FHLBNY and another FHLBank, applicable regulatory rules require that the merger agreement be ratified with a majority of votes cast in favor of ratification by the members of the FHLBNY. Each member of FHLBNY that is entitled to participate in the voting will be able to vote the shares representing the member s Minimum Stock Investment Requirement held by the member on the record date, subject to the limitation that no member may cast a number of votes that exceeds the average number of shares representing the Minimum Stock Investment Requirement of all members of the FHLBNY entitled to vote, calculated on a district-wide basis, as of the record date. 
 4 

</EX-4.02>

<EX-10.05>
 3
 fhlbny-20221231xex10d05.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.05

Exhibit 10.05 2023 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY Effective as of January 1, 2023 PURPOSE: The Director Compensation Policy Policy establishes meeting fees that the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY will pay to the Board of Directors (collectively, the Board each member individually or severally, the Directors of the FHLBNY and also sets forth the types of Director expenses that may be reimbursed. The activities referred to in this Policy are those as to which the Board believes Director attendance is necessary and appropriate and which may be compensated. The Policy has been prepared in accordance with Section 7 of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act Bank Act and the regulations of the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA regarding Director compensation and expenses. I. 2023 DIRECTOR FEES A. Board Chairman The maximum fee opportunity for 2023 for the Chair of the Board shall be 152,500. B. Board Vice Chairman The maximum fee opportunity for 2023 for the Vice Chair of the Board shall be 132,500. C. Committee Chairs The maximum fee opportunity for 2023 for a Director serving as a Committee Chair shall be 130,000; however, such Director shall not receive any additional fee opportunity if he or she serves as Chair of more than one Committee. The Board Chair and Board Vice Chair shall not receive any additional fee opportunity for serving as a Chair of one or more Board Committees. D. Other Directors The maximum fee opportunity for 2023 for Directors other than the Chair, the Vice Chair, and the Committee Chairs shall be 120,000. E. Payments and Attendance Each Director shall be paid an amount equal to approximately one-eighth of such Director s maximum fee opportunity as described above for each Board meeting that is attended by said Director in 2023. This formulation is based on nine scheduled Board meetings in 2023. In addition, although attendance is expected at all Board meetings as per the FHLBNY s Corporate Governance Guidelines, this formulation allows for one absence. Such fees are to be paid on a quarterly basis in arrears. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 101 PARK AVENUE NEW YORK, NY 10178 T: 212.681.6000 WWW.FHLBNY.COM 

Attendance at meetings by telephonic or video conference means shall be deemed acceptable for purposes of receiving compensation. Directors may, in their sole discretion, elect to not receive meeting fees by notifying the Corporate Secretary. F. Payments and Performance Payments to Directors may be reduced in the sole judgment of the Board Chair if the Chair determines such director s Board performance to be significantly deficient. The Board s Corporate Governance and External Affairs Committee is authorized to, by a majority vote, make similar decisions pertaining to the performance of the Board Chair. G. Fees Pertaining to Leadership Roles Relating to the Council of Home Loan Banks In addition to the above compensation, a Director who serves as Chair of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks or who serves as Chair of the Chair/Vice Chair Committee of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks will receive a 10,000 stipend per year of service. The stipend will be paid through quarterly payments of 2,500. II. 2023 DIRECTOR EXPENSES A. General Reimbursement Principles 1. Directors may be reimbursed for reasonable travel, subsistence and other related expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their official duties only as specified in the FHLBNY s current policy covering the reimbursement of travel and other business-related items incurred by Directors. However, under no circumstances shall Directors be reimbursed for gift or entertainment expenses. (The principles in this Section II pertaining to permitted reimbursements shall also apply to those expenses paid for directly by the Bank to vendors and allocated to individuals in accordance with FHFA directives or guidance which may be issued from time to time.) B. Board and Board Committee Meetings 1. Reimbursement of reasonable expenses may be provided to Directors in connection with attendance at Board and Committee meetings as established herein. C. Stockholders Meetings 1. Reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred by Directors attending FHLBNY stockholders meetings is permitted D. Industry Meetings 1. Reimbursement of Independent Directors expenses incurred while attending industry meetings or annual conventions of trade associations on a national level is permitted provided that a specific objective has been identified and that attendance has been specifically pre-approved by the Board of Directors. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 2 

Independent Directors attending industry events on behalf of the FHLBNY should register and identify themselves as Directors of the FHLBNY. 2. Reimbursement of Member Directors expenses incurred while in attendance at industry meetings or annual conventions of trade associations on a national level is not permissible, unless such attendance is incidental to a FHLBNY Board or Committee meeting. E. Meetings Called by the Federal Housing Finance Agency 1. Reimbursement of reasonable expenses may be provided to all Directors participating in any meetings called by the FHFA. F. Other Bank System Meetings 1. Reimbursement of reasonable expenses may be provided to all Directors who are invited to attend meetings of Federal Home Loan Bank System committees; Federal Home Loan Bank System director orientation meetings; and meetings of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks and Council committees (e.g., the Chair/Vice Chair Committee). G. Expenses of Spouses/Guests 1. Expenses incurred by a Director s spouse/guest while accompanying the Director to a meeting will not be reimbursed. III. PROCEDURES AND ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS A. Directors requests for reimbursement should be submitted to the Office of the Corporate Secretary within 60 days of incurring the reimbursable item(s). B. Payment for and reimbursement of allowable business expenses of the Directors will require the approval of the Corporate Secretary or such officers designated by the Corporate Secretary. C. Meetings of the Board and Committees thereof should usually be held within the district served by the FHLBNY. Under no circumstances shall such meetings be held in any location that is not within the district without prior approval of the Board. FHFA regulations prohibit any meetings of the Board of Directors (including committee, planning, or other business meetings) to be held outside the United States or its possessions and territories. IV. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY In determining the appropriate and reasonable fee opportunities available to FHLBNY Directors for 2023 as described herein, the Board has taken into consideration the following factors: the desire to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled individuals in order to help guide a complex and highly-regulated financial institution that is subject to a variety of financial, reputational and other risks; 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 3 

the highly competitive environment for talent in the New York City metropolitan area -- a center of world finance in which stock exchanges, securities companies and other sophisticated financial institutions are located (and in this regard, we note that Directors are required to be sourced from within the District and the pay rate should reflect the local market); the demands of the Director position, including the time and effort that Directors must devote to FHLBNY and Board business as the Board meets more frequently than many public company boards; the FHLBNY must pay competitive director compensation in order to attract and retain diverse board members who often have several opportunities to join other boards; the overall performance of the FHLBNY, an institution that is a Federal Home Loan Bank System leader, a strong financial performer, a reliable source of liquidity for its customers, and a provider of a consistent dividend -- and an institution which wishes to maintain this performance; and Director compensation surveys performed over time by outside compensation consulting firm McLagan, most recently in 2022 -- surveys which have provided the Directors with the ability to compare Director compensation opportunities with compensation opportunities available at other institutions. The Board will review the issue of appropriate and reasonable Director fee opportunities on an annual basis. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 4 

</EX-10.05>

<EX-10.06>
 4
 fhlbny-20221231xex10d06.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.06

Exhibit 10.06 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK SEVERANCE PAY PLAN AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE AUGUST 18, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE PAGE I DEFINITIONS 1 II ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN 4 III PROVISIONS RELATING TO SEVERANCE BENEFITS 5 IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 10 V MISCELLANEOUS 12 VI AMENDMENTS AND PLAN TERMINATION 13 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1.01 Bank means the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and its successors. 1.02 Change in Control or CIC means a Change in Control as that term is defined in the Employee Change of Control Agreement executed between the Bank and the Bank s Chief Executive Officer, as may be amended from time to time. 1.03 Code means and refers to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1.04 Date of Employment means and refers to the most recent date on which an individual began employment by the Bank as an Employee. 1.05 Effective Date means August 18, 2022. 1.06 Employee means and refers to any individual who is a regular employee of the Bank who works twenty (20) hours a week or more and excludes interns and other individuals employed by the Bank whose employment is intended not to exceed one thousand (1,000) hours in any twelve (12) month period. 1.07 Employment means and refers to the legal relationship of employment between an Employee and the Bank. 1.08 Exempt Employee means and refers to an Employee who is exempt from the overtime pay provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended. 1.09 Non-Exempt Employee means and refers to an Employee who is subject to the overtime pay provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended. 1.10 Officer means and refers to an officer of the Bank who has been designated as such by the Board of Directors of the Bank. 1.11 Outplacement Services means and refers to internal and/or external professional assistance provided to Employees following their Termination of Employment with the Bank with respect to their search for new employment. 1.12 Periods of Service means and refers to the number of six (6) month periods, in the aggregate, for which an Employee is employed by the Bank, commencing with the Date of Employment of the Employee and ending with the date of Termination of the Employee s Employment with the Bank, both dates inclusive, excluding any period of Employment which Terminated under circumstances under which the Employee was not eligible for Severance Benefits under this Plan. 
 1 

1.13 Plan means this Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Severance Pay Plan, as amended from time to time hereafter. 1.14 Plan Administrator means and refers to the Director of Human Resources and Corporate Real Estate of the Bank. 1.15 Reduction in Force or RIF means and refers to a systematic series of Terminations of Employment of Employees by the Bank intended to lead to a permanent reduction in staffing. 1.16 Release means and refers to the elimination of a position with the Bank as part of a RIF, reorganization, or other management action, where no other Employment with the Bank is offered to an Employee and the Employment of the affected Employee is involuntarily Terminated. 1.17 Resignation, Resign, and Resigned mean and refer to a Termination of Employment with the Bank initiated by an Employee, other than a resignation requested by the Bank. 1.18 Severance Benefits means and refers to: (A) in all cases, the amount payable under this Plan to an Employee qualifying for severance benefits, determined pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.04 and computed with respect to and based upon the weekly base salary rate of the Employee immediately preceding the date on which such severance benefits commence pursuant to Article III of this Plan; and (B) solely in the event of a CIC, and notwithstanding the calculation provisions contained in Sections 3.04 and 3.05, (i) a lump sum payment for outplacement services as set forth in Section 3.08, plus (ii) a lump sum payment equal to the full target payout estimate from the prior year s Bank Incentive Compensation Plan ICP if the Employee was participating in such ICP, it being understood that: (a) such payment will not be measured based on actual performance results, unless the Employee s actual performance result was below target, in which case the Employee s actual ICP payment will be taken into account; (b) if the Employee did not participate in the prior year s ICP, the Employee will not receive any payment under this subsection; and (c) if the Employee was employed during a portion of the calendar year, the amount to be calculated (the target or the lesser amount) shall be annualized. (Any payments that may be otherwise earned and deferred under the ICP, or any other incentive or non-qualified savings plan that may be established by the Bank in the future, are outside the scope of this Plan and will be paid in accordance with the terms of such plans.) 1.19 Termination of Employment and Terminated , when used with reference to and in conjunction with Employment, have the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 and, in all events, is considered a separation from service within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h). 1.20 Termination for Cause means and refers to the Termination by the Bank of the employment of an Employee for (i) the commission of an illegal or unethical act, (ii) pleading guilty or no contest to or being indicted for or convicted of a felony under federal or state law or as a crime under federal or state law which involves Employee s fraud or dishonesty , (iii) a violation of established Bank policy or practice, or (iv) the failure of the Employee to perform the 
 2 

duties of his or her position in a satisfactory manner, in each case as determined by the Plan Administrator in his sole and exclusive discretion. 1.21 Year means and refers to the taxable year of an Employee as such term is used in and for purposes of the Code. 
 3 

ARTICLE II ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN 2.01 Establishment of the Plan . The Bank has established the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Severance Pay Plan to set forth the terms and provisions under which Severance Benefits will be granted to Employees whose Employment with the Bank is Terminated under certain specified circumstances. 2.02 Replacement of Prior Policies . This Plan supersedes and replaces any Bank policies relating to the subject matter of this Plan that may have been in effect prior to the Effective Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any predecessor plan). 
 4 

ARTICLE III PROVISIONS RELATING TO SEVERANCE BENEFITS 3.01 Participation. Participation in this Plan shall be extended to all Employees of the Bank. 3.02 Eligibility for Severance Benefits . An Employee who shall have completed at least two (2) Periods of Service shall be eligible for Severance Benefits under this Plan upon the Termination of the Employee s Employment with the Bank under any of the following circumstances: (a) The Employee s position has been eliminated; (b) The employment of the Employee has been terminated as part of a RIF; (c) The Employee s employment has been terminated as a result of a CIC and the Employee has not been offered an equivalent job with the resulting entity; (d) The Employee has been determined by the Plan Administrator, in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Plan Administrator, to be unable to perform in a satisfactory manner the duties of the position in which the Employee is then employed, where such inability to perform has been determined by the Plan Administrator, in his sole and exclusive discretion, to not warrant a Termination for Cause, as defined in Section 1.20; or (e) The Employee has Resigned from his or her Employment with the Bank either (i) following a material reduction in salary grade, level, or rank, or a significant reduction of duties and responsibilities, as determined by the Plan Administrator in his sole and exclusive discretion, except when such reduction occurs as a result of disciplinary action by the Bank, or (ii) following a refusal to accept a transfer to a location outside a fifty (50) mile radius of the location at which the Employee is presently employed, provided, in either case, that the Employee shall have provided to the Plan Administrator within not more than thirty (30) days following the occurrence of such condition, at least ten (10) days notice in writing of the condition referred to in clause (i) or (ii), as applicable, and his or her intention to Resign based thereon and that the Bank shall not have remedied the condition for such Resignation within thirty (30) days following the giving of such notice by the Employee. (f) For the avoidance of doubt, should the Employee s death occur prior to the date of Termination of Employment, no Severance Benefits shall be paid under this Plan. 3.03 Disqualification for Severance Benefits. Anything contained in this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, an Employee shall not be eligible for Severance Benefits under this Plan upon 
 5 

his or her termination of employment with the Bank where such termination is due to any of the following circumstances: (a) A Resignation by the Employee, other than one described in paragraph (e) of Section 3.02, or a Resignation by the Employee without giving the ten (10) days notice in writing to the Plan Administrator required by said paragraph (e) or prior to the expiration of said period, or if the condition on which such Resignation was based shall have been remedied by the Bank within the thirty (30) day period referred to in said paragraph (e); (b) The Resignation of the Employee prior to the effective date of the termination of the Employee s employment as a result of a Release; or (c) The Employee s Termination for Cause; in each case, as determined by the Plan Administrator in his sole and absolute discretion. 3.04 Computation of Severance Benefits. The amount of Severance Benefits payable under this Plan to an Employee qualifying for Severance Benefits under this Plan shall be determined based (i) upon the level of the Employee s position with the Bank at the date of the termination of the Employee s employment with the Bank and (ii) the Employee s Periods of Service with the Bank: (a) Officers of the Bank shall be eligible for two (2) weeks of Severance Benefits for each Period of Service with the Bank, but in no event (even if employment has been for less than six months) not less than eight (8) weeks (or, in the event of a CIC, not less than twelve (12) weeks) of Severance Benefits; (b) Exempt Employees of the Bank shall be eligible for one (1) week of Severance Benefits for each Period of Service with the Bank, but in no event (even if employment has been for less than six months) not less than six (6) weeks (or, in the event of a CIC, not less than twelve (12) weeks) of Severance Benefits; and (c) Non-Exempt Employees of the Bank shall be eligible for one (1) week of Severance Benefits for each Period of Service with the Bank, but in no event (even if employment has been for less than six months) not less than four (4) weeks (or, in the event of a CIC, not less than twelve (12) weeks) of Severance Benefits; in each case, subject to the provisions of Section 3.05. 3.05 Maximum Amount of Severance Benefits. Anything in this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall an Employee be eligible to receive Severance Benefits, in the aggregate for all Periods of Service, whether or not continuous, totaling more than thirty-six (36) weeks (or fifty-two (52) weeks in the event of a CIC) in the case of an Officer of the Bank, twenty-four (24) (or fifty-two (52) weeks in the event of a CIC) weeks in the case of an Exempt Employee of the Bank, and twelve (12) weeks (or fifty-two (52) weeks in the event of a CIC) in the case of a Non-Exempt Employee of the Bank. 
 6 

3.06 Method of Payment of Severance Benefits. The total amount of Severance Benefits payable under this Plan shall be paid in a lump sum on a scheduled payroll date occurring within sixty (60) days following the date of the Employee s Termination of Employment, provided the Bank shall have received prior thereto the Severance Agreement, as defined and referred to in Section 3.09, signed by the Employee, and shall be subject to withholding of Federal and State income taxes and other employment taxes based upon the number of withholding allowances. If the sixty-day period referred to in this Section 3.06 spans two calendar years, payment of the Severance Benefits will be made on a date during such sixty-day period that occurs in the second calendar year. 3.07 Continuation of Employee Benefits . (i) An Employee who is eligible to receive Severance Benefits under this Plan who was, at the date of Termination of his or her Employment, a participant in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Life Insurance Plan shall be eligible to continue such participation in such plan through the end of the month following the date of Termination of his or her Employment. (ii) In addition, an Employee who is eligible to receive Severance Benefits under this Plan who was, at the date of Termination of his or her Employment, a participant in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Medical Benefits Plan, and any related dental and vision plans, shall have the option to duly and timely elect to continue such participation under the provisions of the continuation coverage provisions adopted by the Bank (which is not subject to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986), subject to the coverage continuation rules for such benefits established by the Bank from time to time. In addition, the Bank will provide to Terminated Employees who continue with the plans described in this subsection 3.07(ii) a lump sum payment in an amount to be determined by the Bank and specified in the Severance Agreement executed in accordance with Section 3.09 below. This payment is intended to be used in connection with payments by Terminated Employees related to the plans described in this subsection 3.07(ii). Such lump sum payment shall be deemed to be part of the Severance Benefits paid under this Plan. (iii) Any Employee eligible for Severance Benefits shall not be eligible, following the Termination of his or her Employment, to continue to participate in any plans (whether such plans contain a tax-deferred component or otherwise) for which the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York provides any kind or type of matching contribution. (iv) Any previously accrued vacation pay to which the Employee is entitled will be paid to the Employee in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the Termination of the Employee s Employment. 3.08 Outplacement Services . Except in the event of a CIC, the Bank may, on a case by case basis, but shall not be required to, provide Outplacement Services to Terminated Employees eligible for Severance Benefits under this Plan, the determination as to whether to provide Outplacement Services to any Employee being within the sole and exclusive discretion of the Plan Administrator; provided, that such Outplacement Services shall not be provided to a Terminated 
 7 

Employee beyond the last day of the second Year following the Year in which the Termination of Employment of the Employee occurred. Generally, individual counseling may be provided only to Officers and group counseling may be provided to other Exempt Employees and to Non-Exempt Employees. In the event of a CIC, the Bank will provide to Terminated Employees a lump sum payment in the amount of 5,000 each that is intended to be used for job search-related expenses. Such lump sum payment shall be deemed to be part of the Severance Benefits paid under this Plan. 3.09 Severance Agreement . An Employee whose Employment with the Bank is Terminated under conditions making the Employee eligible for Severance Benefits under this Plan shall, as a condition of receiving such Severance Benefits, be required to sign an agreement, in the form prescribed by the Bank, setting forth the terms on which Severance Benefits are to be paid or provided to the Employee and the acceptance thereof by the Employee (the Severance Agreement ). The Severance Agreement shall include a release of any claims the Employee may have, at the date of the agreement or thereafter, against the Bank and any present and former directors, officers, and employees of the Bank. 3.10 Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Plan, the Employment of an Employee shall be deemed to have been Terminated, and a Termination of Employment of an Employee shall be deemed to have occurred, upon the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) On the effective date of a RIF applicable to the Employee; (ii) On the effective date of the Employee s Resignation from Employment; (iii) On the effective date of the elimination by the Bank of the Employee s position; (iv) On the effective date of the Employee s termination of employment by the Bank as a result of a CIC and the Employee has not been offered an equivalent job with the resulting entity; (v) On the date on which (A) the Bank causes the Employee s Employment with the Bank to cease and (B) the Employee is considered to have incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h); provided, that the Employment relationship shall be treated as continuing while the Employee is on a Qualified Leave (as defined below); and provided, further, that if the leave is or becomes an Unqualified Leave (as defined below), the Employment of the Employee shall be deemed to have Terminated on the first date on which the leave is considered to be an Unqualified Leave. For purposes of this Section 3.10(v), a Qualified Leave is any (1) military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence (which shall be deemed to exist only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Employee will return to perform services for the Bank) if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or longer, if the Employee retains a right to reemployment with the Bank under an applicable statute or by 
 8 

contract, or (2) any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six (6) months, where such impairment causes the Employee to be unable to perform the duties of his position of Employment or any substantially similar position of Employment, in which case such period of absence may last up to twenty-nine (29) months. An Unqualified Leave means a leave of absence that is not a Qualified Leave or loses its status as a Qualified Leave due to the expiration of the allowable Qualified Leave period of six (6) months (or longer, if applicable, as described above). 3.11 Determinations by the Plan Administrator to be Final . All determinations of the Plan Administrator in the administration and application of the terms and provisions of this Plan shall be final and binding upon all Employees without any right of appeal. 3.12 Exceptional Cases . The Bank reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to modify the application of the terms and provisions of this Plan in the case of any Employee whose Employment with the Bank shall Terminate, subject to the approval of the President of the Bank; provided, that the modifications will not cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code. 
 9 

ARTICLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 4.01 Allocation of Responsibility for Administration . The designated representatives of the Bank shall have only those specific powers, duties, responsibilities, and obligations as are specifically given them under this Plan. The Plan Administrator shall have the sole responsibility for the administration of this Plan, which responsibility is specifically described in this Plan. Any direction given, information furnished, or action taken, by the Plan Administrator shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Plan authorizing or providing for such direction, information, or action. The Plan Administrator may rely upon any such direction, information, or action of another employee of the Bank as being proper under this Plan and is not required to inquire into the propriety of any such direction, information, or action. It is intended under this Plan that the Plan Administrator shall be responsible for the proper exercise of his own powers, duties, responsibilities, and obligations under this Plan and shall not be responsible for any act or failure to act of another employee of the Bank. Neither the Plan Administrator nor the Bank makes any guarantee to any Employee in any manner for any loss or other event because of the Employee s participation in this Plan. 4.02 Appointment of Plan Administrator . The Plan shall be administered by the Plan Administrator or his duly designated representative pursuant to Section 4.01. 4.03 Records and Reports . The Plan Administrator shall exercise such authority and responsibility as he deems appropriate in order to comply with the terms of the Plan relating to the records of the Participants. The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for complying with any and all reporting, filing, and disclosure requirements and other applicable laws and regulations with respect to the Plan. 4.04 Withholding Tax . All amounts paid to the Employee under this Plan shall be subject to withholding and other employment taxes imposed by applicable law. The Employee shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes imposed on the Employee relating to the payment or provision of any amounts or benefits hereunder. 4.05 Section 409A of the Code . This Plan is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder or exception therefrom, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code or such exemption or exception, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, if any payment provided to an Employee in connection with the Employee s termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Employee is determined to be a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i) of the Code, then such payment shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the termination date (the Specified Employee Payment Date or, if earlier, thirty days after the Employee s death. The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date. Notwithstanding the 
 10 

foregoing, the Bank makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Bank or its respective directors, officers, employees, or advisors be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Employee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 4.06 Other Powers and Duties of the Plan Administrator . The Plan Administrator shall have such duties and powers as may be necessary to discharge his duties under this Plan, including, but not limited to, the following: (a) to prepare and distribute, in such manner as the Plan Administrator determines to be appropriate, information explaining the Plan; (b) to receive from the Bank and from Participants such information as shall be necessary for the proper administration of the Plan; (c) to furnish to the Bank, upon request, such annual reports with respect to the administration of the Plan as are reasonable and appropriate; and (d) to appoint individuals to assist in the administration of the Plan and any other agents he deems advisable, including, but not limited to, legal and actuarial counsel. The Plan Administrator shall have the exclusive discretionary authority and power to determine eligibility for Severance Benefits and to construe the terms and provisions of the Plan, determine questions of fact and law arising under the Plan, direct disbursements pursuant to the Plan, and exercise all other powers specified herein or which may be implied from the provisions hereof, and the Plan Administrator may adopt such standards and procedures and such rules for the conduct of the administration of the Plan as he may deem appropriate. When making a determination or calculations, the Plan Administrator may rely upon information furnished by an Employee, the Bank, or the legal counsel of the Bank. 
 11 

ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 5.01 At-Will Employment. Employees employment remains at-will and nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between the Bank and any Employee, or as a right of any Employee to be continued in the employ of the Bank, or as a limitation of the right of the Bank to discharge any of its Employees, with or without cause. 5.02 Rights to Bank s Assets. No Employee or other person shall have any right to, or interest in, any assets of the Bank, whether upon Termination of Employment or otherwise. 5.03 Nonalienation of Severance Benefits. Severance Benefits payable or other rights or benefits provided under this Plan shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution, or levy of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, including any such liability which is for alimony or other payments for the support of a spouse or former spouse, or for any other relative of the Employee, prior to actually being received by the person eligible for the benefit under the terms of the Plan; and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge, or otherwise dispose of any right to Severance Benefits payable or other rights or benefits provided under this Plan shall be void. The Bank shall not in any manner be liable for, or subject to, the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements, or torts of any person eligible for Severance Benefits or other rights or benefits provided under this Plan. 5.04 Divestment of Severance Benefits. Subject only to the specific provisions of this Plan, nothing shall be deemed to divest an Employee of a right to the Severance Benefits or other rights or benefits provided for which the Employee may be or become eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 5.05 Discontinuance of Severance Benefits. In the event of a permanent discontinuance of the Plan, or of any Severance Benefits thereunder, all Employees shall receive any and all Severance Benefits for which they were eligible as of the effective date of such discontinuance. 5.06 Construction. Except where otherwise indicated or unless the context of this Plan clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular, references to the singular include the plural, and references to any of the masculine, feminine, or neuter include each of the similar masculine, feminine, or neuter, and the terms hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, and all similar terms refer to this Plan as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Plan. 5.07 Governing Law. This Plan shall be construed, administered, and enforced according to the laws of the State of New York. 
 12 

ARTICLE VI AMENDMENTS AND PLAN TERMINATION 6.01 Termination, Modification, and Amendment of the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Plan, the Bank expressly reserves the right, at any time, for any reason, and without limitation, to terminate, modify, or otherwise amend this Plan and any or all of the Severance Benefits provided hereunder, either in whole or in part, whether as to all persons covered hereby or as to one or more groups thereof. Those rights include specifically, but are not limited to, (i) the right to terminate Severance Benefits under this Plan with respect to all, or any individual or group of, Employees, (ii) the right to modify Severance Benefits under this Plan to all, or any individual or group of, Employees, or (iii) the right to amend this Plan, or any term or condition hereof; in each case, whether or not such rights are exercised with respect to any other Employees; provided, that no modification or amendment shall be adopted by the Bank which shall adversely affect the treatment for federal income tax purposes of benefits provided under this Plan to Employees whose Employment is Terminated under conditions entitling them to such benefits. 6.02 Action by the Bank. The termination, modification, or other amendment of this Plan shall be effected by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank. 
 13 

</EX-10.06>

<EX-10.08>
 5
 fhlbny-20221231xex10d08.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.08

Exhibit 10.08 THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK AMENDED AND RESTATED NON - QUALIFIED DEFERRED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN Effective November 17, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE PAGE I. DEFINITIONS 2 II . MEMBERSHIP 4 III . ELECTION TO DEFER PAYMENT OF COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT OF DEFERRED COMPENSATION 5 IV . SOURCE AND METHOD OF PAYMENT 9 V . DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARIES 10 VI . ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN 11 VII . AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 13 VIII . GENERAL PROVISIONS 14 

THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN This Plan is adopted by the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Bank in order to provide benefits to certain management or highly compensated employees of the Bank through the ability to defer the receipt of certain incentive compensation from the Bank. This Plan is unfunded, and all benefits payable under the Plan shall be paid solely out of the general assets of the Bank. 
 1 

Article I. Definitions When used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 1.01 Bank means the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and each subsidiary or affiliated company thereof which participate in the Plan. 1.02 Board of Directors or Board means the Board of Directors of the Bank. 1.03 Business Day means and refers to a day on which commercial banks are open for business in the State of New York. 1.04 Committee means the Nonqualified Plan Committee as that term is defined in the Bank s separate Supplemental Executive Retirement Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan. 1.05 Compensation means and includes any amounts actually payable by the Bank to a Member under the Incentive Plan for a particular calendar year. 1.06 Compensation Deferral Account means and refers to the account maintained for each Member pursuant to Section 3.02. 1.07 Compensation Deferral Election Date means the last Business Day in the calendar year 2016 and any calendar year thereafter during which the Plan is in effect. 1.08 Effective Date means January 1, 2017, as amended. 1.09 Incentive Plan means any Board-approved annual or long-term incentive compensation plan, excluding any merit award, bonus program or any payment arising from a separation. 1.10 IRC means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto. 1.11 Member means any person included in the membership of the Plan as provided in Article 2. 
 2 

1.12 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation shall have the same meaning as it has in IRC Section 409A and the Regulations promulgated thereunder. 1.13 Officer means and includes any employee of the Bank serving at the rank of Vice President or higher. 1.14 Plan means the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Nonqualified Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan, as set forth herein and as amended from time to time. 1.15 Plan Administrator means the Director of Human Resources of the Bank or a designee(s). 1.16 Separation from Service has the meaning set forth in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Regulations promulgated under IRC Section 409A. 1.17 Unforeseeable Emergency has the meaning set forth in Section 1.409A-3(i)(3)(i) of the Regulations promulgated under IRC Section 409A or as amended. Under current regulations, Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial hardship of the Member resulting from an illness or accident of the Member, the Member s spouse, the Member s beneficiary, or the Member s dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a), without regard to Code Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)); loss of the Member s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance); imminent foreclosure of or eviction from the Member s primary residence; the need to pay for medical expenses, including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of prescription drug medication; the need to pay for the funeral expenses of a spouse or a dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a)) or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Member. 
 3 

Article II. Membership 2.01 Each employee of the Bank who is an Officer (as defined above) of the Bank with a hire date of October 31st or before in a calendar year, shall as a matter of Bank administration, be eligible to become a Member of the Plan beginning with the next Plan year. 2.02 The membership of any Officer shall terminate on the later of (i) the date on which the employee shall cease to be serving as an Officer of the Bank (as defined above) and (ii) the termination of the Plan. The termination of membership in the Plan shall not, by itself, affect the rights of the Member by reason of any election made by the Member as provided in Section 3.01 prior to the termination of membership of such Member. 
 4 

Article III. Election to Defer Payment of Compensation and Payment of Deferred Compensation 3.01 On or before the Compensation Deferral Election Date in the calendar year next preceding the calendar year 2017 and each calendar year thereafter, each Member of the Plan shall be eligible to elect to defer the payment by the Bank and receipt by such Member of up to 100 of the Compensation which otherwise would be earned and payable to such Member under the Incentive Plan in the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such Compensation Deferral Election Date occurs to such date or dates and in such form of payment as such Member shall designate and elect on a form provided by the Plan Administrator. Such election shall be deemed to have been timely made and shall be effective when such election form shall have been signed by the Member and shall have been received by the Plan Administrator or such person as shall be designated by the Plan Administrator for such purpose, provided such receipt shall occur on or before the close of business of the Bank on the last Business Day of the calendar year next preceding the calendar year in which such services are to be performed by the Member and to which such election relates. For the avoidance of doubt, a Member may make one election with respect to all payments that would otherwise be payable in the next or future years under the Incentive Plan, and such election shall be applied to all incentive monies actually paid in a year. 3.02 Compensation deferred by a Member of the Plan for any calendar year pursuant to a timely election made as provided in Section 3.01 shall be credited on the books and records of the Bank to a Compensation Deferral Account for such Member as soon as practicable following the date on which such Compensation would have been paid to such Member but for the election made by such Member pursuant to Section 3.01 to defer the payment and receipt of such Compensation. 
 5 

3.03 If a Member dies or becomes disabled (within the meaning of IRC Section 409A(a)(2)(c)) prior to receiving the balance credited to his Compensation Deferral Account, the balance in his Compensation Deferral Account at the time of the Member s death shall be paid, in the event of his death, to his Beneficiary or, in the event of his disability, to him, in a lump sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable after his death or disability, as applicable. 3.04 The balance credited to the Compensation Deferral Account of a Member shall be paid to such Member at such date or dates or in such form as the Member shall have made a timely election in writing pursuant to Section 3.01; provided, that no part of such balance credited to the Compensation Deferral Account of a Member shall be payable earlier than the earliest of (i) the Member s Separation from Service with the Bank, (ii) the date of the Member s death, or (iii) the date the Member becomes disabled within the meaning of IRC Section 409A(a)(2)(c), and that the time or schedule of payments of the balance credited to the Compensation Deferral Account of a Member shall not be accelerated, except as provided in Section 3.05 or in Regulations promulgated pursuant to IRC Section 409A, nor shall any payment of benefits under the Plan be deferred to a date other than the date fixed for such payment in such timely election; provided, that a Member may, by a subsequent election, as defined in Section 1.409A-2(b)(1) of the Regulations promulgated pursuant to IRC Section 409A, delay the time or change the form of a payment of all or any part of the balance credited to the Member s Compensation Deferral Account if, and only if, such subsequent election meets all of the following requirements: (i) such election shall not be made less than twelve (12) months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment of the balance credited to the Member s thrift benefit account; (ii) such election shall not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made; (iii) the payment with respect to which such election is made shall be deferred for a period of not less than five (5) years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made; and (iv) such election shall comply with any and all other requirements of such Regulations applicable thereto. 
 6 

If no election is made or if the election is not timely or properly made, distribution will be made in the form of a single lump sum payment. An election as to the manner of payment may not be changed after the payment has been made or payments have commenced. Prior to that time, a Member may change his election by filing a new election form with the Plan Administrator; provided, however, that: (i) the new election will not take effect until at least 12 months after the date the new election is filed; (ii) the single lump sum payment or the commencement of installment payments with respect to which such election is made must be deferred for a period of not less than five years from the date such payment would otherwise have been made; and (iii) the new election is filed at least 12 months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment under the Plan. If installment distributions are elected, the initial installment amount will be the account balance otherwise payable in a single sum multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of installment payments. Subsequent installments will also be a fraction of the unpaid account balance, the numerator of which is always one but the denominator of which is the denominator used in calculating the previous installment minus one. For example, if five installment payments are elected, the initial installment will be one-fifth of the single sum account balance, the second will be one-fourth the remaining account balance, the third installment will be one-third the remaining account balance, and so on. The account will continue to earn a return based on the gains and losses related to the investment choices of the Member. If the Member s account balance upon eligibility for election disbursements is less than 10,000, then the entire amount will be paid in a single lump sum payment regardless of the Member s payment election. 
 7 

3.05 Upon a finding that the Member has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency, subject to compliance with IRC Section 409A the Plan Administrator may, at the request of the Member, accelerate distribution of benefits or approve reduction or cessation of current deferrals under Section 3.01 in the amount reasonably necessary to alleviate such Unforeseeable Emergency, subject to the following conditions: (i) the request to take this type of distribution shall be made by filing a form provided by and filed with the Plan Administrator prior to the end of any calendar month; (ii) the amount distributed pursuant to this Section 3.05 with respect to an Unforeseeable Emergency shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy such financial emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the Member s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or by cessation of deferrals under Section 3.01; and (iii) the amount determined by the Plan Administrator as the distribution shall be paid in a lump sum as soon as practicable after the end of the calendar month in which this special distribution election is made and approved by the Plan Administrator . 3.06 The balance credited to the Compensation Deferral Account of each Member from time to time (and each subaccount, if any, thereof) shall be determined by the Plan Administrator by taking into account gains and losses realized or incurred by such Compensation Deferral Account (or subaccount thereof) to the date of determination and payment thereof based upon the investment of such balance in such investments as such Member shall designate, from time to time, in such manner as the Plan Administrator shall direct, from among investment alternatives provided by the Plan servicer. 
 8 

Article IV. Source and Method of Payment All payments of benefits under the Plan shall be paid from, and shall only be a general claim upon, the general assets of the Bank, notwithstanding that the Bank, in its discretion, may establish a bookkeeping reserve or a grantor trust (as such term is used in IRC Sections 671 through 677) to reflect or to aid it in meeting its obligations under the Plan with respect to any Member or the beneficiary of a Member. No Member shall have any right, title, or interest whatever in or to any investments which the Bank may make or any specific assets which the Bank may reserve to aid it in meeting its obligations under the Plan. 
 9 

Article V. Designation of Beneficiaries 5.01 Each Member of the Plan may file with the Plan Administrator a written designation of one or more persons as the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Member who shall be entitled to receive the amount, if any, payable under the Plan to such Member following his death. A Member may, from time to time, without the consent of any prior beneficiary, revoke or change the beneficiary designation made by such Member by filing a new designation of beneficiary with the Plan Administrator. The last such written designation received by the Plan Administrator shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Plan Administrator prior to the Member s death, and in no event shall it be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. 5.02 If no such beneficiary designation is in effect at the time of the Member s death, or if no designated beneficiary survives the Member, or if, in the opinion of the Plan Administrator, such designation conflicts with applicable law, the Member s estate shall be deemed to have been designated as his beneficiary and shall be paid the amount, if any, payable under the Plan upon the Member s death. If the Plan Administrator is in doubt as to the right of any person to receive such amount, the Bank may retain such amount, without liability for any interest thereon, until the rights thereto are determined, or the Bank may pay such amount into any court of appropriate jurisdiction and such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Plan and the Bank therefor. 
 10 

Article VI. Administration of Plan 6.01 The Board of Directors has delegated to the Plan Administrator, subject to those powers, if any, which the Board has reserved to itself, general authority over and responsibility for the administration and interpretation of the Plan. The Plan Administrator shall have full power and authority to interpret and construe the Plan, to make all determinations considered necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan and any trust referred to in Article V of the Plan and the calculation of the amount of Deferred Compensation payable under the Plan, and to review claims for benefits under the Plan. The interpretations and constructions of the Plan by the Plan Administrator and his decisions or actions thereunder shall be binding and conclusive on all persons for all purposes, except to the extent of the powers, if any, which the Board has reserved to itself. 6.02 If the Plan Administrator deems it advisable, it shall arrange for the engagement of legal counsel and certified public accountants (who may be counsel to or accountants for the Bank) and other consultants, and make use of agents and clerical or other personnel, for purposes of the Plan. The Plan Administrator may rely upon the written opinions of such counsel, accountants, and consultants, and upon any information supplied by the Retirement Plan for purposes of Article III of the Plan, and delegate to any agent its authority to perform any act hereunder, including, without limitation, those matters involving the exercise of discretion; provided, however, that such delegation shall be subject to revocation at any time at the discretion of the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall report to the Board, or to a committee designated by the Board, at such intervals as shall be specified by the Board or such designated committee, with regard to the matters for which he is responsible under the Plan. 6.03 All claims for payments under the Plan shall be submitted in writing to the Plan Administrator. Written notice of the decision on each such claim shall be furnished with reasonable promptness to the Member or the Member s beneficiary (the claimant ). The claimant 
 11 

may request a review by the Committee of any decision denying the claim in whole or in part. Such request shall be made in writing and filed with the Committee within thirty (30) days following such denial. A request for review shall contain all additional information which the claimant wishes the Committee to consider. The Committee may hold any hearing or conduct any independent investigation which he deems desirable to render its decision, and the decision on review shall be made as soon as practicable after the Committee s receipt of the request for review. Written notice of the decision shall be furnished to the claimant and reported to the Plan Administrator. For all purposes under the Plan, such decisions on claims (where no review is requested) and decisions on review (where review is requested) shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all interested persons as to all matters relating to the Plan. 6.04 All expenses incurred by the Bank, the Plan Administrator or the Committee in their administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Bank. 
 12 

Article VII. Amendment and Termination The Board of Directors may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, without the consent of the Plan Administrator or any Member, beneficiary, or other person, except that no amendment, suspension, or termination shall retroactively impair or otherwise adversely affect the rights of any Member, beneficiary, or other person under the Plan which shall have accrued prior to the date of such action, as determined by the Plan Administrator in his sole discretion. The Plan Administrator may take any action which the Plan Administrator may deem necessary or appropriate to facilitate the administration, management, and interpretation of the Plan or to conform the Plan thereto, provided any such action does not have a material effect on the then-currently estimated cost to the Bank of maintaining the Plan. Notwithstanding termination of this Plan, benefits under the separate Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan shall continue to be payable in accordance with the terms of that plan. 
 13 

Article VIII. General Provisions 8.01 The Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Bank, and its successors and assigns, and the Members, and their successors, assigns, designees, and estates. The Plan shall also be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Bank, but nothing in the Plan shall preclude the Bank from merging or consolidating into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to, another organization which assumes the Plan and all obligations of the Bank hereunder. The Bank agrees that it will make appropriate provision for the preservation of Members rights under the Plan in any agreement or plan which it may enter into effect any merger, reorganization or transfer of assets and assumption of Plan obligations of the Bank, that the term Bank shall refer to such other organization, and that the Plan shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to Article VII. 8.02 Neither the Plan nor any action taken thereunder shall be construed as giving to any Member the right to be retained in the employ of the Bank or as affecting the right of the Bank to dismiss any Member from its employ. 8.03 The Bank shall withhold or cause to be withheld from all amounts payable under the Plan any and all federal, state, local, and other taxes required by applicable law to be withheld with respect to such payments. 8.04 No right or interest of a Member under the Plan may be assigned, sold, encumbered, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, and any attempted disposition of such right or interest shall be null and void. 8.05 If the Plan Administrator shall find that any person to whom any amount is or was payable under the Plan is unable to care for his affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment, or any part thereof, due to such person or his estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative), may, if the Plan 
 14 

Administrator is so inclined, be paid to such person s spouse, child, or other relative, an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the Plan Administrator to be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be in complete discharge of the liability of the Plan and the Bank therefor. 8.06 To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Bank under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Bank. 8.07 All elections, designations, requests, notices, instructions, and other communications from a Member, beneficiary, or other person to the Plan Administrator required or permitted under the Plan shall be in such form as is prescribed from time to time by the Plan Administrator and shall be mailed by first-class mail (except in the case of elections made pursuant to Section 3.01) or delivered to such location as shall be specified by the Plan Administrator and shall be deemed to have been given and delivered only upon actual receipt thereof at such location. 8.08 The Plan Administrator and the Committee shall not be personally liable by reason of any instrument executed by them or on their behalf, or action taken by them, in their capacities under this Plan, nor for any mistake of judgment made in good faith. The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless each Plan Administrator and each employee, officer, or director of the Bank to whom any duty, power, function, or action in respect of the Plan may be delegated or assigned, or from whom any information is requested for Plan purposes, against any cost or expense (including fees of legal counsel) and liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim or legal action with the approval of the Bank) arising out of anything done or omitted to be done in connection with the Plan, unless arising out of such person s fraud or bad faith. 8.09 In the event the Bank in error makes an overpayment, the Member agrees that the Bank, with notice to the Member, may charge the account back. 
 15 

8.10 The captions preceding the sections of the Plan have been inserted solely as a matter of convenience and shall not in any manner define or limit the scope or intent of any provisions of the Plan. 8.11 The Plan shall be construed according to the laws of the State of New York in effect from time to time. The Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Nonqualified Deferred Incentive Compensation Plan has been duly adopted by the Bank this 17th day of November, 2022, to be effective as of January 1, 2023. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK By: /s/ Mildred Tse-Gonzalez Director of HR and Corporate Real Estate Attest: /s/ Brian Finnegan Corporate Secretary 
 
 16 

</EX-10.08>

<EX-31.01>
 6
 fhlbny-20221231xex31d01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the President and Chief Executive Officer I, Jos R. Gonz lez, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 7
 fhlbny-20221231xex31d02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer I, Kevin M. Neylan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 17, 2023 /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 8
 fhlbny-20221231xex32d01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01 Certification by the President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jos R. Gonz lez, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 17, 2023 /s/ Jos R. Gonz lez Jos R. Gonz lez President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 9
 fhlbny-20221231xex32d02.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 32.02 Certification by the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin M. Neylan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 17, 2023 /s/ Kevin M. Neylan Kevin M. Neylan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-99.01>
 10
 fhlbny-20221231xex99d01.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.01

Exhibit 99.01 Audit Committee Report In accordance with its written charter adopted by the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing, and financial reporting practices of the Bank. The Audit Committee of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY for 2022 was composed of eight Directors. The Audit Committee had eleven meetings during 2022 and during these meetings the Audit Committee met separately with the Chief Audit Officer and the independent registered public accounting firm. Management has the primary responsibility for the preparation and integrity of the FHLBNY s financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles and internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. FHLBNY s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC ), is responsible for performing an independent audit of the financial statements and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles. PwC has been the FHLBNY s independent registered public accounting firm since 1990. The Audit Committee engages in rigorous evaluations when appointing an independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee oversees the FHLBNY s financial reporting process; reviews the programs and policies of the FHLBNY designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations and policies and monitors the results of these compliance efforts; and advises and assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to risk management, internal controls, the accounting policies and financial reporting and disclosure practices of the FHLBNY, and the independent registered public accounting firm of the FHLBNY. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the 2022 audited financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm all communications required by generally accepted auditing standards, including those described in Statement on Auditing Standards SAS No. 114, The Auditor s Communication With Those Charged With Governance and with and without management present, discussed and reviewed the results of the independent registered public accounting firm s audit of the financial statements. The Audit Committee has also reviewed and approved the fees paid to the independent registered public accounting firm for audit, audit-related and non-audit services, and received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with Audit Committees, and has discussed the independent public registered accounting firm s independence with them. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee voted to recommend to the Board of Directors on March 15, 2023 that the FHLBNY s audited financial statements be included in the FHLBNY s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for filing with the SEC. FHLBNY AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS 

2022 2023 David R. Huber, Chairman David R. Huber, Chairman Kevin Cummings, Vice Chairman (through March) Thomas J. Kemly (Vice Chairman) Thomas L. Hoy Thomas L. Hoy Thomas J. Kemly Charles E. Kilbourne, III Charles E. Kilbourne, III Christopher P. Martin Christopher P. Martin Gerald L. Reeves Gerald L. Reeves Larry E. Thompson Larry E. Thompson 

</EX-99.01>

<EX-99.02>
 11
 fhlbny-20221231xex99d02.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.02

Exhibit 99.02 CHARTER OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK Approved by the Board of Directors on March 16, 2023 Effective as of March 16, 2023 I. INTRODUCTION The charter of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York s Bank Audit Committee Committee has been adopted and approved by the Bank s Board of Directors Board and is intended to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations of the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA and the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Committee has committed to adopt, to the extent possible, those best practices that pertain to audit committees of public companies and that are relevant to the Bank, taking into account the cooperative structure of the Bank and the congressionally mandated and regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank. II. PURPOSE OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The purpose of the Committee shall be to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to: The integrity of the Bank s financial statements and financial reporting process and systems of internal accounting and financial controls; The Bank s compliance with applicable laws and regulations; The Bank s consistency with the FHFA s Examination Guidance for Accounting Practices; The establishment, maintenance, and performance of the Internal Audit function; The annual independent audit of the Bank s financial statements; and The independence, qualifications, and performance of the Bank s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. It is not the duty of the Committee to plan or conduct audits of the financial statements as these are the responsibilities of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. It is also not the duty of the Committee to determine that the Bank s financial statements and disclosures are complete and accurate and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP as these are the responsibilities of management. III. AUTHORITY The responsibility of the Committee is limited to matters upon which the Board of Directors has the authority to make a final determination. The Committee shall have the authority to establish other rules and operating procedures in order to fulfill its obligations under this charter. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 101 PARK AVENUE NEW YORK, NY 10178 T: 212.681.6000 WWW.FHLBNY.COM 

The Committee shall utilize resources to conduct or authorize investigations into any matters within their duties and responsibilities. This includes retaining, and obtaining advice from, independent counsel, accountants, and other advisers, as it determines necessary to carry out its duties. The Bank shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee, for payment of compensation to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and any counsel, accountants or other advisers retained by the Committee. At its discretion, the Committee shall have direct access to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Audit Officer CAO and upon request, any other officer or employee of the Bank. The Committee shall maintain an open and unrestricted communication channel with all Bank personnel, including internal and external auditors. The Committee also will have unrestricted access to records, data and reports. IV. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Committee s responsibilities will be discharged through reviews of the internal audit universe, annual internal audit plan, audit reports, and discussions with internal and external auditors and Bank management. To fulfill its duties and responsibilities the Committee shall: A. With Regard to Oversight of Financial Reporting Timely obtain and review reports delivered by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; Review the Bank s financial statements and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s opinion rendered with respect to the financial statements, including the nature and extent of any significant changes in accounting principles or the application therein; Review and discuss the annual audited financial statements with management, the internal auditors and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, including the Bank s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, prior to announcement, publication or filing, and obtain explanations from management for any significant variances from the prior periods. Recommend to the Board that the audited financial statements be included in the Bank s SEC Form 10-K; Discuss with the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm the requirements of Statement of Auditing Standards SAS 114 (AU sec. 380), which supersedes SAS 61, regarding communications with audit committees and SAS 89(AU sec. 333.06 and .16), pertaining to uncorrected misstatements and the quality of the Bank s accounting principles and underlying estimates in the financial statements; Review and discuss, with the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and management representatives, Bank quarterly financial information provided for the Bank s SEC Form 10-Q. The review will include a discussion of any significant changes to the Bank s accounting principles and standards, significant changes to laws and regulations, and any concerns the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm may have with management s accounting methods, estimates and/or financial statement disclosures; 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 2 

Discuss and review earnings press releases to be issued by the Bank; Meet periodically with the Bank s management, Internal Audit staff, and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to any audit report by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to discuss significant accounting and reporting principles, practices and procedures applied by the Bank in preparing its financial statements. This includes alternative treatments of financial information within GAAP and developments and issues with respect to reserves; and B. With Regard to Internal Audit Select, evaluate the performance of, and, where appropriate, approve the removal of, the CAO. On an annual basis, engage the Bank s Human Resources department to provide the Committee salary benchmarking data from various sources for the CAO to help ensure alignment with the market for talent and with internal Bank equity. Approve the Incentive Compensation Plan and awards for the Internal Audit employees; Provide that the CAO report directly to the Committee on substantive matters and be ultimately accountable to the Committee and the Bank s Board; Provide that the CAO have unrestricted access to the Committee without the need for any prior management knowledge and approval; Meet in executive session with the CAO on a regular basis to discuss any matters that the Committee or CAO believe should be discussed in confidence; Review significant issues arising from Internal Audit that are reported to the Committee by the CAO; Provide an independent, direct channel of communication between the Bank s Board and the CAO; Discuss with management, Internal Audit staff, and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm the Internal Audit function activities, the adequacy, and scope of the Internal Audit plan, budget and staffing and any recommended changes in the planned scope of the Internal Audit function; Assure that the Internal Audit staff is competent and receives adequate training; Review Internal Audit s compliance with the Institute of Internal Auditors Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing; Review and approve the Internal Audit annual budget; Review and approve the Internal Audit charter on an annual basis; Review and approve the Internal Audit universe and annual plan; Review and approve any significant changes to the Internal Audit plan; Retain oversight responsibility for any aspects of the internal audit function that are outsourced; Monitor the adequacy and timeliness of Internal Audit s follow-up to audit and FHFA examination findings; Evaluate the responsiveness of management to implement corrective action as a result of audit and FHFA findings; and Review the results of the internal Quality Assurance Review, and the results of the external Quality Assurance Review. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 3 

Ensure that Internal Audit periodically reports findings and conclusions related to its independent assessments regarding the effectiveness of the Bank s Diversity and Inclusion Program and adherence to D I policies and operating procedures. C. With Regard to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Review with the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and approve, prior to the beginning of the audit, the scope of the audit plan and all engagement fees and terms; Make recommendations to the Bank s Board of Directors regarding the appointment, compensation, renewal or termination of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm shall report directly to the Committee; Pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by the Bank s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and not engage the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to perform the specific non-audit services proscribed by law or regulation. The Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Committee; however, any decisions made by the designated member must be presented to the full Committee at the next scheduled Committee meeting; Require the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to rotate the lead audit partner, and the partner responsible for reviewing the audit at least every five years; Resolve any disagreements between management and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding financial reporting; Evaluate the performance of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; Provide that the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm have unrestricted access to the Committee without the need for any prior management knowledge and approval; Provide an independent, direct channel of communication between the Board and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; Establish policies for the hiring of employees or former employees of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; Obtain annually a formal written statement from the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding their independence for consistency with Independence Standards Board Standard 1; and Obtain and review annually a report by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, describing (i) the auditors internal quality control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the auditors most recent internal quality control review or by its most recent peer review or raised within the preceding five years by any investigation or inquiry by governmental or professional authorities of an independent audit carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues, and (iii) in order to assess the auditor s independence, all relationships between the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the Bank. D. With Regard to Senior Management Direct senior management to establish, implement, and maintain accounting policies and procedures that are in compliance with applicable law, regulation, 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 4 

guidance, and industry standards, including GAAP and other applicable reporting and disclosure standards and to maintain the reliability and integrity of the financial reporting and disclosure practices of the Bank; Verify that senior management has procedures in place to notify the FHFA of any accounting treatments or policies identified as posing significant legal, reputation, or safety and soundness risk, with a focus on accounting treatments or policies that do not employ GAAP or preferred methods; and Ensure that senior management has established and is maintaining an adequate internal control system in the Bank. E. With Regard to Audit Committee Processes a) Committee Charter Adopt a formal written Committee Charter. Annually assess the adequacy of the Committee Charter, and, where appropriate, recommend to the Board amendments to the Committee Charter. b) Financial Reporting and Governance Ensure policies are in place that are reasonably designed to achieve disclosure and transparency regarding the Bank s true financial performance and governance practices. c) Internal Control Review on an annual basis the adequacy of internal controls, resolution of identified material weaknesses and reportable conditions including the prevention or detection of management override or compromise of the internal control system and ensure that appropriate corrective actions are instituted; Review the policies established by senior management designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations and monitor the results of these compliance efforts; and Establish procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by the Bank regarding accounting principles and practices, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters, and the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. d) Committee Report Prepare a written Committee report as required by the applicable rules of the FHFA and SEC to be included in the Bank s SEC Form 10-K. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 5 

e) Performance Evaluation Conduct a self-evaluation of the Committee s performance of its responsibilities and provide a report to the Board. V. AUDIT COMMITTEE STRUCTURE The Committee shall consist of at least five directors of the Board. The Committee shall include, to the extent practicable, a balance of representatives from Community Financial Institutions and other members and will also include a balance of independent and member directors. VI. TERMS OF SERVICE Pursuant to FHFA regulations, directors generally serve four-year terms commencing January 1 of the year following election. As a general rule, directors may serve for up to three full consecutive terms, subject to guidance and regulations issued by the FHFA. In order to provide continuity and experience, Committee members shall serve staggered terms. VII. MEMBERSHIP REQUIREMENTS All members of the Committee shall be independent 1 as determined in accordance with applicable rules. Each member shall be financially literate as this qualification is interpreted by the Board in its business judgment, or shall become financially literate within a reasonable period of time after appointment to the Committee. At least one member must have extensive accounting or related financial management experience as required under FHFA regulation Part 1239. The Committee will comply with the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 under Section 407 regarding rules for Disclosure of Audit Committee Financial Expert for filing periodic reports with the SEC. The Board shall appoint the members of the Committee annually, and as may be needed from time to time, and one Committee member shall be designated by the Board as, respectively, the Chair and the Vice Chair. The Board may remove any member of the Committee in its discretion at any time. The only compensation a Committee member may receive from the Bank shall be compensation determined by the Board in compliance with applicable rules. VIII. AUDIT COMMITTEE MEETINGS The Committee shall meet in accordance with the meeting schedule that is established annually by the Board, as may be adjusted from time to time and shall keep written minutes and other relevant records of each Committee meeting. The minutes shall be approved by the Committee and then 
 1 To be considered independent, a director must not have a disqualifying relationship with the Bank or its management that would interfere with the exercise of that director s independent judgment. This includes being employed by the Bank in the current year or any of the past five years, receiving any compensation (other than for service as a Board director), or serving as a consultant, advisor, promoter, underwriter, or legal counsel of, or to, the Bank in the past five years. An immediate family member who is, or has been in any of the past five years, employed by the Bank as an executive officer also disqualifies a Committee member from being independent. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 6 

reviewed and approved by the Board. The CAO will compile this documentation and shall act as Secretary to the Committee. Following each of its meetings, the Chairman of the Committee shall report to the Board regarding the activities of the Committee. The Committee shall meet separately, from time to time, by itself, with management, the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, and/or the CAO. 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK 7 

</EX-99.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 fhlbny-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 fhlbny-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 fhlbny-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 fhlbny-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 fhlbny-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

