<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1089907_0001552781-23-000219.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7015154</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>276687</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1179026</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2274561</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1327518</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1740904</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-23-000219.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331164840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-23-000219
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SWK Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				770435679
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39184
		FILM NUMBER:		23788719

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14755 PRESTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 687-7250

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14755 PRESTON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 105
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KANA SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KANA COMMUNICATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-23-000219.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 e23137_swkh-10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The 
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

 Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes o x 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer o 
 
 Accelerated
 filer o 

x 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).
 o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 

 The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates is based on the June 30, 2022,
closing price of the Registrant s Common Stock on such date as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market of 17.47 per share. 

 On
March 17, 2023, the Registrant had outstanding approximately shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

 DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

DOCUMENT 
 PART
 OF FORM 10-K 
 
 Portions
 of Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed no later than 120 days after the end
 of the Registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 PART
 III 

SWK
Holdings Corporation 

 Form
10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II. 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item
 6 
 Reserved
 
 24 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 71 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 72 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 72 

PART III. 

Item 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 73 
 
 Item 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV. 

Item 15 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 75 

Signatures
 
 76 

Exhibit
 Index 
 77 

PART
I 

 Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

 In
addition to historical information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. From time to time, we may also provide oral or written forward-looking statements in other materials we release
to the public. Such forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and
projections about our business and industry, and our beliefs and assumptions, and include, but are not limited to, statements
under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Words
such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expects, intend, 
 may, plan, should, will and variations of these words and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially
(both favorably and unfavorably) from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. 

 These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere
in this report. Forward-looking statements that were believed to be true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect
or false. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.
Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

 Trademarks,
Trade Names and Service Marks 

 This
Annual Report contains certain trademarks, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are the Company s
property. Solely for convenience, the Company s trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report may appear without
the or TM symbol, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the Company will not assert, to the
fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We own rights to trademarks and service marks
that we believe are necessary to conduct our business as currently operated. In the United States, we own a number of trademarks,
including the Peptelligence and Ovarest trademarks. We also own many of these marks and others in several foreign countries and
we are pursuing registration of several other trademarks. 

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

 Overview 

 SWK
Holdings Corporation (the Company, we, or us was incorporated in July 1996 in California and
reincorporated in Delaware in September 1999. In
July 2012, we commenced a strategy of building a specialty finance and asset management business. In August 2019, we commenced a complementary
strategy of building a pharmaceutical development, manufacturing and intellectual property licensing business. Our operations comprise
two reportable segments: Finance Receivables and Pharmaceutical Development. We evaluate and invest in
a broad range of healthcare related companies and products with innovative intellectual property, including the biotechnology, medical
device, medical diagnostics and related tools, animal health and pharmaceutical industries (collectively, life science ).
We allocate capital to each segment in order to generate income through the sales of life science products by third parties and related
earned income sources. We are headquartered in Dallas, Texas. 

 Finance
Receivables Segment 

 Our
Finance Receivables segment strategy is to be a leading healthcare capital provider by offering sophisticated, customized financing
solutions to a broad range of life science companies, institutions and inventors. This segment is primarily focused on monetizing
cash flow streams derived from commercial-stage products and related intellectual property through royalty purchases and financings,
as well as through the creation of synthetic revenue interests in commercialized products. Our business partners are primarily
engaged in selling products that directly or indirectly cure diseases and/or improve the wellness of people or animals, or they
receive royalties paid on the sales of such products. For example, our biotechnology and pharmaceutical business partners manufacture
medication that directly treat disease states, whereas our life science tools partners sell a wide variety of research instrumentation
to help other companies conduct research into disease states. We have been deploying our assets to earn interest, fees, and other
income pursuant to this strategy, and we continue to identify and review financing and similar opportunities on an ongoing basis
with financial solutions that are tailored to the individual needs of our business partners. In addition, through our wholly-owned
subsidiary, SWK Advisors LLC, we provide non-discretionary investment advisory services to institutional clients in separately
managed accounts to similarly invest in life science finance. SWK Advisors LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the
Texas State Securities Board. We intend to fund transactions through our own working capital and our revolving credit facility,
as well as by building our asset management business by raising additional third-party capital to be invested alongside our capital. 

1 

We
fill a niche that we believe is underserved in the sub- 50 million transaction size market. Since many of our competitors that
provide longer term, non-traditional debt and/or royalty-related financing options typically have much greater financial resources
than us, they tend not to focus on transaction sizes below 50 million, as it is generally inefficient for them to do so. In addition,
we do not believe that a sufficient number of other companies offer similar types of long-term financing options to fill the demand
of the sub- 50 million market. As such, we believe we face less competition from such investors in transactions that are less
than 50 million. 

 As
of March 17, 2023, and since inception of the strategy, we and our partners have executed transactions with 50 different parties
under our specialty finance strategy, funding an aggregate of approximately 725.2 million in various financial products across
the life science sector. Our portfolio includes senior and subordinated debt backed by royalties and synthetic royalties paid by companies
in the life science sector, and purchased royalties generated by sales of life science products and related intellectual property. 

 The
objective of our Finance Receivables segment is to maximize our portfolio total return in the context of a prudent level of risk,
and thus, increase our net income and book value by generating income from three sources: 

1. 
 primarily owning
 or financing through debt investments, royalties or revenue interests generated by the sales of life science products and
 related intellectual property; 

2. 
 receiving interest
 and other income by advancing capital in the form of secured debt to companies in the life science sector; and 

3. 
 to a lesser extent,
 realizing capital appreciation from equity-related investments in the life sciences sector. 

In
our portfolio we seek to achieve attractive risk-adjusted current yields and opportunities with the potential for equity-like
returns with protection that credit provides. 

 The
majority of our finance receivables transactions are structured similarly to factoring transactions whereby we provide capital
in exchange for an interest in an existing revenue stream. We primarily provide capital to companies following the commercialization
of a product, although in rare situations we consider pre-approval financings as well. The existing revenue stream can take several
forms, but is most commonly either a royalty derived from the sales of a life science product (1) from the marketing efforts of
a third party, such as a royalty paid to an inventor on the sales of a medicine, or (2) from the marketing efforts of a partner
company, such as a medical device company that directly sells its own products. Our structured debt investments may include warrants
or other features, giving us the potential to realize enhanced returns on a portion of our portfolio. Capital that we provide
directly to our partners is generally used for growth and general working capital purposes, as well as for acquisitions or recapitalizations
in select cases. We generally fund the full amount of transactions up to 25 million through our working capital. 

 In
circumstances where a transaction is greater than 25 million, we typically seek to syndicate amounts in excess of 25 million
to both other investors and our investment advisory clients. We do not expect to earn investment advisory income in transactions
where we partner with investors other than our investment advisory clients. 

 Although
we have partnered with investment advisory clients in the past, we currently do not have any transactions in which we have partnered
with investment advisory clients. We expect to continue to offer transaction opportunities to our investment advisory clients,
as appropriate for each client s investment strategy. When a client opts into a transaction, each client receives its pro
rata allocation of income produced by a transaction in which it participates, and the client pays us management and incentive
fees according to a written investment advisory agreement. Fees paid by clients may differ depending upon the terms negotiated
with each client and are paid directly by the client upon receipt of an invoice from us. We may seek to raise discretionary capital
from similar investors in the future. 

2 

We
source our investment opportunities through a combination of our senior management s proprietary relationships within the
industry, outbound business development efforts and inbound inquiries from companies, institutions and inventors interested in
learning about our capital financing alternatives. Our investment advisory clients generally do not originate investment opportunities
for us. 

 Pharmaceutical
Development Segment 

 During
2019, we commenced our Pharmaceutical Development segment with the acquisition of Enteris BioPharma, Inc. Enteris ).
Enteris is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company offering innovative formulation solutions built around its proprietary oral
drug delivery technologies, the Peptelligence platform. 

 Our
Pharmaceutical Development segment strategy is to utilize the technology platform to create a wholly-owned portfolio of milestone
and royalty income by out-licensing our technology in two ways. First, we intend to continue to out-license our Peptelligence 
technology to pharmaceutical companies to create novel and important oral therapeutic treatments for a wide variety of indications.
Second, we intend to out-license to pharmaceutical companies assets from our internal product pipeline of off-patent previously
approved drug compounds with which we seek to create novel formulations using our proprietary technology to develop treatments
that have meaningful therapeutic benefits for patients and caregivers. We also seek to generate income by providing customers
pharmaceutical development, formulation and manufacturing services. 

Competition 

 In
our Finance Receivables segment, we face competition in the pursuit of outside investors, investment management clients and opportunities
to deploy our capital in attractive healthcare related companies. Our primary competitors provide financing to prospective companies
and include non-bank financial institutions, federal or state chartered banks, venture debt funds, venture capital funds, private
equity funds, pharmaceutical royalty and other investment funds, business development companies and investment banks. Many of
these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we have. Some of these competitors may also have a lower cost
of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create a competitive disadvantage for us. As
a result, we tend not to compete on price, but instead focus on our industry experience, flexible financing options and speed
to evaluate and complete a transaction. In addition, since many of our competitors that provide non-traditional debt and/or longer
term, royalty-related financing options have much greater financial resources than us, they tend not to focus on transaction sizes
below 50 million as it is generally inefficient for them to do so. As such, we believe we face less competition from such investors
in transactions that are less than 50 million. 

 In
our Pharmaceutical Development segment, we face competition in introducing products that improve efficacy, safety, patients 
and clinicians ease of use and cost-effectiveness. The success of new product offerings will depend on many factors, including
our ability to properly anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, develop and manufacture
products in an economic and timely manner, obtain or maintain advantageous positions with respect to intellectual property, and
differentiate products from competitors. A failure by us to successfully commercialize existing or planned products could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 For
additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Item 1A., Risk Factors . 

 Governmental
Regulation 

 For
additional information concerning the effect of existing or probable government regulation on our business, see Item 1A., Risk
Factors . 

3 

Employees 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had 21 employees, all of whom are full-time. None of our employees are represented by a labor union,
and we consider our employee relations to be good. 

 Additional
Information 

 We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our
SEC filings are available to the public from the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov. 

 Our
internet site is http://www.swkhold.com. We will make available free of charge through our website in the Investor Relations
- SEC Filings section our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy
statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers and any amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
furnish it to, the SEC. Also, posted on our website in the Investor Relations - Corporate Governance section are
charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee as well as our Code of Ethics
and Insider Trading Policy governing our directors, officers and employees. Information on or accessible through our website is
not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report. 

4 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

 An
investment in our common stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties and the risk
factors set forth in the documents and reports filed with the SEC and the risks described below before you make an investment
decision regarding our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
may also affect our business operations. 

 Risks
Related to Finance Receivables Segment 

 We
may suffer losses on our principal invested in credit and royalty transactions. 

 Most
of the assets of our Finance Receivables segment are, and are expected to continue to be, royalty streams or debt backed by royalty
streams or revenue interests paid by small and middle-market life science businesses, which are highly speculative and involve
a high degree of risk of credit loss. In addition, we own royalties or invest in debt backed by royalties or revenue interests
that are derived by pharmaceutical and biologic products that are early in their commercial launch, face intense competition or
are subject to other risks, which similarly involve a high degree of risk of principal loss. If the underlying products do not
generate anticipated revenues, we may suffer a loss of our investment. 

 In
addition, the small and middle-market companies which that we target to advance debt are subject to a number of other significant
risks, including: 

these
 companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations
 under their financial instruments that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration
 in the value of their assets or of any collateral with respect to any financial obligations
 and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing on any guarantees we may have obtained
 in connection with our investment; 

they
 may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares
 than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors 
 actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

they
 are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons;
 therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these
 persons could have a material adverse impact on our partner company, and in turn, on
 us; 

they
 may have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation,
 may be engaged in changing businesses with products subject to a risk of obsolescence
 and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion
 or maintain their competitive position; 

they
 operate in the life science industry, which is both highly competitive and subject to
 extensive regulatory oversight, and their products may be recalled or displaced by new
 products, or they may lose regulatory approval altogether; 

changes
 in laws and regulations, as well as their interpretations, may adversely affect their
 business, financial structure or prospects; and 

they
 may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs. 

Under
circumstances where a partner company does not achieve commercial success or achieves lower sales than we anticipate, and the
partner company requires additional capital that other stakeholders are not willing or are otherwise unable to provide, we may
determine it is in our best interest to advance additional capital to such partner company in order to preserve the partner company s
collateral value and protect our investment. Any additional capital that we decided to advance would be subject to additional
risk. We could lose all of any additional investment. The realization of any of these risks may materially impact our business,
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 

5 

We
operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

 A
large number of entities compete with us to advance capital to the companies our Finance Receivables segment targets. We compete
with non-bank financial institutions, federal or state chartered banks, venture debt funds, venture capital funds, private equity
funds, pharmaceutical royalty and other investment funds, business development companies, and investment banks. Additionally,
because competition for investment opportunities generally has increased among alternative investment vehicles, particularly those
seeking yield investments, such as hedge funds, those entities have begun to invest in areas they have not traditionally invested
in, including investments in royalties and debt backed by royalties, which may overlap with our business strategy. As a result
of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in our target markets has intensified, which is a trend we expect
to continue. 

 Many
of our Finance Receivables segment s existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater
financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access
to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different
risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more or deeper relationships
with potential business partners than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the maintenance of an exception
or exemption from regulation as an investment company, which may allow them more flexibility in advancing capital to companies
we may also target, such as advancing debt capital that is not repaid by royalty streams or revenue interests. We cannot assure
you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Also, as a result of existing and increasing competition and our competitors ability to provide a total
financing package solution, inclusive of both debt and equity capital, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive business
opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are
consistent with our business objectives. 

 In
addition, we do not seek to compete primarily based on the cost of the capital that we provide, and we believe that some of our
competitors provide capital at rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. We may lose business opportunities
if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. If we match our competitors pricing, terms and
structure, we may experience decreased net interest and royalty income and increased risk of credit loss. 

 Healthcare
and life science industries are subject to extensive government regulation, litigation risk, reimbursement risk and certain other
risks particular to those industries. 

 We
have invested and plan to continue investing in cash flow streams produced by life science products that are subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA, similar foreign regulatory authorities, and to a lesser extent, other federal and state agencies. If any
of these products and the companies which manage such products fails to comply with applicable regulations, they could be subject
to significant penalties and claims that could materially and adversely affect their sales levels and operations. Medical devices
and drugs are subject to the expense, delay and uncertainty of the regulatory approval process in order to reach the market and,
even if approved, these products may not be accepted in the marketplace. In addition, governmental budgetary constraints effecting
the regulatory approval process, new laws, regulations or judicial interpretations of existing laws and regulations might adversely
affect a partner company or product in this industry. 

 The
products and services provided by pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostics companies are generally subject to the ability
to obtain and maintain adequate reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payors for such products and services. The
commercial success of such products and services could be compromised if governmental or third-party payors do not provide coverage
and reimbursement, breach, rescind or modify their contracts or reimbursement policies or delay payments for such products and
services. 

 Companies
in the life science industry may also have a limited number of suppliers of necessary components or a limited number of manufacturers
for their products, and therefore face a risk of disruption to their manufacturing process if they are unable to find alternative
suppliers when needed. 

 Any
of these factors could materially and adversely affect the operations of a partner company, which in turn, would impair our ability
to timely collect principal and interest payments owed to us or decrease our royalty-related income. 

6 

The
pharmaceutical industry is subject to numerous risks, including competition, extensive government regulation, product liability,
patent exclusivity and commercial difficulties. 

 Our
assets include royalties and royalty-linked debt that are paid on sales of pharmaceutical products, which are subject to numerous
risks. The successful and timely implementation of the business model of our specialty pharmaceutical and drug discovery partner
companies depends on their ability to adapt to changing technologies and introduce new products. As competitors continue to introduce
competitive products, the ability of our partner companies to continue effectively marketing their existing product portfolio,
and to develop and acquire innovative products and technologies that improve efficacy, safety, patients and clinicians 
ease of use and cost-effectiveness is important to the success of such partner companies. The success of new product offerings
will depend on many factors, including the ability to properly anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory approvals
on a timely basis, develop and manufacture products in an economic and timely manner, obtain or maintain advantageous positions
with respect to intellectual property, and differentiate products from competitors. Failure by our partner companies to successfully
commercialize existing or planned products, or acquire other new products, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the ability of generic manufactures to invalidate a partner company s
patents protecting its products or to invalidate the patents supporting products in which we receive royalty-related income could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Our
business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows depend on the accuracy of our management s
assumptions and estimates, and we could experience significant gains or losses if these assumptions and estimates differ significantly
from actual results. 

 We
make and rely on certain assumptions and estimates regarding many matters related to our businesses, including valuations, interest
rates, investment returns, expenses, operating costs and tax liabilities. We also use these assumptions and estimates to make
decisions crucial to our business operations. Similarly, our management teams make similar assumptions and estimates in planning
and measuring the performance of our Finance Receivables segment. In addition, certain investments and other assets and liabilities
of our Finance Receivables segment must be, or at our election are, measured at fair value, the determination of which involves
the use of various assumptions and estimates and considerable judgment. The factors influencing these various assumptions and
estimates cannot be calculated or predicted with certainty, and if our assumptions and estimates differ significantly from actual
outcomes and results, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows may be materially and
adversely affected. 

 We
generally do not control our partner companies. 

 We
generally only hold royalties, debt backed by royalties, and revenue interests that are issued by our partner companies. As such,
we do not, and do not expect to, control any of our partner companies, even though we may have board representation or board observation
rights, and the debt agreements may contain certain restrictive covenants that limit the business and operations of our partner
companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a partner company may make business decisions with which we disagree,
and the management of such company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests. These business decisions
or risks may lead to adverse business or financial consequences for our partner companies, which in turn could adversely affect
the performance of our Finance Receivables segment. 

 If
we make investments in unsecured debt backed by royalties or revenue interests, those investments might not generate sufficient
cash flow to service our debt obligations. 

 We
may make investments in unsecured debt backed by royalties or revenue interests. Unsecured investments may be subordinated to
other obligations of the obligor. Unsecured investments often reflect a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial
condition of the obligor or general economic conditions (including, for example, a substantial period of rising interest rates,
inflation or declining earnings) or both may impair the ability of the obligor to make payment of principal and interest. If we
make an unsecured investment in a partner company, that partner company may be highly leveraged, and its relatively high debt-to-equity
ratio may increase the risk that its operations might not generate sufficient cash to service its debt obligations. In such cases
we would not have any collateral to help secure repayment of the obligations owed to us. 

7 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations, or those of the companies in our portfolio, which in turn could adversely impact the performance of our Finance
Receivables segment. 

 Events
involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns
or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity
problems. Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver.
Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although we assess
our banking and customer relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit
arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly
impaired by factors that affect us, the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among
others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial,
credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets,
or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. 

 In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access
to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any
decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability
to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our contractual
obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting
from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts
on our liquidity and our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

 Further,
the performance of our Finance Receivables segment is substantially dependent upon the underlying performance of the companies
in our portfolio, each of which is subject to the risks and factors discussed above. To the extent these companies are adversely
impacted by developments in the financial services industry, the performance of our Finance Receivables segment would also be
adversely impacted. 

 We
may have limited access to information about privately-held royalty streams and companies in which we invest. 

 We
invest primarily in privately-held royalties and debt backed by royalties or revenue interests issued by private companies. Generally,
little public information exists about these royalty streams and private companies, and we are required to rely on the ability
of our senior management to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these assets. If we
are unable to uncover all material information about these assets, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we
may lose money on our investment. 

 Prepayments
of our debt investments by our partner companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 

 We
are subject to the risk that the debt we advance to our partner companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we
will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in new royalties or debt repaid
by royalties or revenue interests issued by partner companies. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower
yields than the debt that was prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future asset
may also have lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely
affected if one or more of our partner companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively
impact our return on equity, which could result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

 We
may not be able to complete transactions without co-investments from third parties. 

 We
may co-invest with third parties through our registered investment advisory business or otherwise. In certain circumstances, we
may not be able to fund transactions without the participation of such third parties. In the event that we are unable to find
suitable third parties to co-invest with us or if such third party fails to close, we may not be able to invest in an otherwise
attractive opportunity, which could materially impact our results of operations. 

8 

Our
quarterly and annual operating results are subject to fluctuation as a result of the nature of our business, and if we fail to
achieve our investment objective, the market price of our common stock may decline. 

 We
could experience fluctuations in our quarterly and annual operating results due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond
our control, including, but not limited to, the interest rate payable on the debt assets that we acquire, the default rate on
such assets, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses,
changes in our partner composition, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets, market volatility in our publicly
traded securities and the securities of our partner companies, and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors,
results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. In addition, any of these
factors could negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives, which may cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. 

 Our
investments in royalty-related transactions depend on third parties to market royalty-generating products. 

 Royalties
generally, and the royalty-related income we expect to receive in the future, will directly or indirectly depend upon the marketing
efforts of third parties, particularly large pharmaceutical companies that license the right to manufacture and sell products
from technology innovators in exchange for royalty payments from the licensees to the licensors, with whom we may transact. These
licensees may be motivated to maximize income by allocating resources to other products, and in the future, may decide to focus
less attention on the products that pay royalties in which we have an economic interest. In addition, there can be no assurance
that any of the licensees has adequate resources and motivation to continue to produce, market and sell such products in which
we have a royalty-related interest. Moreover, the license agreement creating the right to receive royalties may not have specific
sales targets, and the licensee typically has exclusive or substantial discretion in determining its marketing plans and efforts.
As a result, the licensee may not be restricted from abandoning a licensed product or from developing or selling a competitive
product. In addition, in the event that a license expires or is terminated, we would be dependent upon the licensor of the license
to find another marketing partner. There can be no assurance that another licensee could be found on favorable terms, or at all,
or that the licensor will be able to assume marketing, sales and distribution responsibility for its own account. These factors
may materially adversely affect any of our future royalty-related assets. 

 Aside
from any limited audit rights relating to the activities of the licensees that we may have in certain circumstances, we do not
have the rights or ability to manage the operations of the licensees. Poor management of operations by the licensees could adversely
affect the sales of products in which we have a royalty interest, and the payment of royalty-related income to us. In addition,
we have limited information on the licensees operations. While we may be able to receive certain information relating to
sales of the product in which we have a royalty-related interest through the exercise of the audit rights and review of royalty
reports, we may not have the right to review or receive certain information relating to the marketed products, including the results
of any studies conducted by the licensees or others or complaints from doctors or users of such products, that the licensees may
have and that may impact sales levels. The market performance of such products, therefore, may be diminished by any number of
factors relating to the licensees that are beyond our control. 

 Our
Finance Receivables segment has a limited number of assets, which subjects our aggregate returns, and the value of our common
stock, to a greater risk of significant loss if any of our debt securities declines in value or if any of our royalty investments
substantially underperforms our expectations. 

 Our
Finance Receivables segment s total investment in companies may be significant, individually or in the aggregate. A consequence
of our limited number of assets in our Finance Receivables segment is that the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly
adversely affected if one or more of our significant partner company investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the
value of any one significant investment, which may be more severe than if we had made smaller investments in more companies. Our
financial results could be materially adversely affected if these partner companies or any of our other significant partner companies
encounter financial difficulty and fail to repay their obligations or to perform as expected. 

 Our
allowance for credit losses may prove inadequate. 

 The
quality of our debt receivables depends on the credit-worthiness of our borrowers and their ability to fulfill their obligations
to us. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on specific finance receivables to provide for credit defaults and non-performance.
The amount of our allowance reflects management s judgment of losses inherent in the portfolio. However, the economic environment
is dynamic, and our portfolio credit quality could decline in the future. 

9 

Our
allowance for credit losses may not keep pace with changes in the credit-worthiness of our partner companies or in collateral
values. If the credit quality of our partner companies declines, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of partner
companies changes significantly, or if the markets for finance receivables or other collateral deteriorates significantly, our
allowance for credit losses may prove inadequate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

 The
interest rates of many of our term loans to partner companies are priced using a spread over LIBOR. 

 We
typically use the U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR as a reference rate in term loans we extend to partner
companies such that the interest due to us pursuant to a term loan extended to a partner company is calculated using LIBOR. Most of our
term loan agreements with partner companies contain a stated minimum value for LIBOR. and utilize the three-month LIBOR rate as the reference
rate. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 64 of term loans with our partner companies utilized LIBOR, including a stated minimum of LIBOR, as a reference rate. 

 The
United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority and the administrator of LIBOR have announced that the publication of the most
commonly used LIBOR settings will cease to be published or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of
all other LIBOR settings ceased to be published as of December 31, 2021. The bank regulatory agencies indicated that entering
into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks and that
they would examine bank practices accordingly. The Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022, provides a statutory
framework to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for contracts governed by U.S. law that have no or ineffective fallback, and in December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted
related implementing rules. 

 SOFR
is observed and backward looking, which stands in contrast with LIBOR under the current methodology, which is an estimated forward-looking
rate and relies, to some degree, on the expert judgment of submitting panel members. Given that SOFR is a secured rate backed
by government securities, it is a rate that does not take into account bank credit risk (as is the case with LIBOR). SOFR is therefore
likely to be lower than LIBOR and is less likely to correlate with the funding costs of financial institutions. While SOFR has
been adopted in select product areas it has not achieved full implementation as an alternative reference rate. At this time, it
is not possible to predict how markets will respond to alternative reference rates as markets continue to transition away from
LIBOR. Furthermore, because of the complexity of the transition from LIBOR, at this time, it is not possible to predict what rate
or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may be on
the value of LIBOR-based securities and variable rate loans or other securities or financial arrangements. 

 The
transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk. We cannot predict whether or when LIBOR will actually
cease to be available. If LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to renegotiate the credit agreements with our partner companies that
utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate to replace LIBOR with the new standard that is established. Our term
loans typically contain provisions to facilitate the transition to such new standard. If affected credit agreements with our partner
companies are unable to be renegotiated, our investments may bear interest at a lower rate, subject to any contractual minimum
LIBOR floors, which would decrease investment income and potentially the value of such investments. In addition, any further changes
or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR,
which could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of any LIBOR-linked loans and other financial obligations
or extensions of credit held by or due to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Due to the uncertainty of the replacement for LIBOR, the potential effect of any such event on our cost
of capital and investment income cannot yet be determined. 

10 

A
rise in LIBOR rates could have an adverse impact on the ability of our partner companies to service their debt obligations to
us. 

 Many
of our debt transactions contain LIBOR-based floating interest rates with minimum LIBOR floors. The minimum LIBOR floor insulates
partner companies from an increase in LIBOR until the reference LIBOR rate reaches the minimum floor threshold, typically one
to two percent. If LIBOR increases above the floor rate, the net effect will be an increase in the interest cost to the borrower.
Most of our borrower partners do not hedge their LIBOR rate exposure, and as a result of an increase of LIBOR above the minimum
floor threshold, they will experience an increase in the effective interest rate of their debt obligations to us. If LIBOR increases
materially, the increased cost of debt service will similarly increase materially. If our partner companies are not adequately
capitalized or are unable to generate sufficient income from operations, the increased debt burden caused by increased LIBOR rates
could materially and adversely affect the operations of a partner company, which in turn, would impair our ability to timely collect
principal and interest payments owed to us. 

 Fluctuations
in the price of our publicly traded equity holdings and the price at which we sell such holdings may affect the price of our common
stock. 

 Our
Finance Receivables segment generally holds equity interests in companies that are publicly traded. Fluctuations in the market
prices of our publicly traded equity holdings may affect the price of our common stock. Historically, the market prices of our
publicly traded holdings have been highly volatile and subject to fluctuations unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. 

 In
addition, we may be unable to sell our holdings of public equities at then-quoted market prices. The trading volume and public
float of the common stock of a publicly traded partner company may be small relative to our holdings. As a result, any significant
open-market divestiture by us of our holdings in such a partner company, if possible at all, would likely have a material adverse
effect on the market price of its common stock and on our proceeds from such a divestiture. Also, registration and other requirements
under applicable securities laws and contractual restrictions also may adversely affect our ability to dispose of our partner
company holdings on a timely basis. 

 Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage future growth of our Finance Receivables segment
effectively. 

 Our
ability to achieve our business objectives depends on our ability to grow, which depends, in turn, on our Finance Receivables
segment s ability to continue to identify, analyze and invest in royalties and/or debt backed by royalties or revenue interests
that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of our structuring
of transactions and our access to financing on acceptable terms. As we continue to grow, we will need to continue to hire, train,
supervise and manage new employees. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Risks
Related to Pharmaceutical Development Segment 

 Enteris 
licensees may not be successful in efforts to develop products for many years, if ever. 

 Enteris 
success depends on its licensees ability to commercialize their products that will generate revenues sufficient to sustain
and grow Enteris operations. Enteris has determined that it will not pursue clinical development of our product candidates.
Enteris potential licensee may ever develop and commercialize any other peptide or small molecule product that helps us
achieve profitability and growth. Even if Enteris licensee is successful in developing such a product, it is likely that
development of any product will take several years. Enteris ability to achieve growth is dependent on a number of factors,
including Enteris licensees ability to complete development efforts and obtain regulatory approval for additional
product candidates. 

 Enteris 
licensees may not be successful in their efforts to gain regulatory approval for any of their product candidates and, if approved,
the approval may not be on a timely basis. 

 Even
if Enteris licensees are successful in their development efforts, they may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory
approval for their product candidates. The FDA must approve the commercial manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products in
the United States. Similar regulatory approvals are required for the sale of pharmaceutical products outside of the United States.
None of Enteris partners products have been approved for sale in the United States, and they may never receive the
approvals necessary for commercialization. Additional human testing must be conducted on our partners product candidates
before they can be approved for commercial sale and such testing requires the investment of significant resources. Any delay in
receiving, or failure to receive, these approvals would adversely affect Enteris ability to generate product revenues. 

11 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for Enteris or its partners to obtain marketing approval of and the
commercialization of their product candidates. This could affect the timing as well as the amount of royalty income Enteris may
earn as a result. 

 In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed
changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for Enteris or its partners 
product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our partners ability to profitably sell their
product candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales
and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional legislative changes will be enacted,
or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations of the FDA, or comparable foreign authorities, will be changed, or what
the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our partners product candidates, if any, may be. In addition,
increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval,
as well as subject our partners to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

 Enteris 
technology or products could give rise to product liability claims. 

 While
Enteris does not have a commercial product, Enteris business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims from human
testing and the manufacturing of pharmaceutical tablets currently used in clinical trials. The administration of drugs to humans,
whether in clinical trials or commercially, can result in product liability claims, even if Enteris or Enteris partners 
products are not actually at fault for causing an injury. Furthermore, Enteris products may cause, or may appear to cause,
adverse side effects or potentially dangerous drug interactions that we may not learn about or understand fully until the drug
is actually manufactured and sold. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and may result in large judgments against
us. Even if a product liability claim is not successful, the adverse publicity, time and expense involved in defending such a
claim may interfere with our business. We may not have sufficient resources to defend against or satisfy these claims. While we
currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, the amount of coverage may not be sufficient to protect us against losses
or may be unavailable in the future on acceptable terms, if at all. 

 Because
Enteris is a biopharmaceutical company, its operations are subject to extensive government regulation. 

 Our
research, development and production activities, as well as those of our collaborators and licensees, are subject to significant
regulation by federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities. The regulatory approval process for a pharmaceutical
product requires substantial resources and may take many years. Our partners inability to obtain approvals or delays in
obtaining approvals would adversely affect our ability to manufacture products, and to receive revenue from milestone payments,
product sales or royalties. Enteris present and future business is, and will continue to be, subject to various other laws,
rules and/or regulations applicable to us as a result of our domestic and international business. 

 The
FDA and other regulatory agencies may inspect the Enteris production facility at any time to ensure compliance with current good
manufacturing practice guidelines. These guidelines require that Enteris conduct its production operations in strict compliance
with established rules for manufacturing and quality controls. Any of these agencies can suspend production operations and product
sales if they find significant or repeated deviations from these guidelines. A suspension would likely cause Enteris to incur
additional costs or delays in product development and manufacturing. 

 Enteris 
success depends upon its ability to protect its intellectual property rights. 

 Enteris
has filed applications for U.S. patents relating to proprietary formulation and manufacturing technology that Enteris has invented in
the course of its research. Enteris most important U.S. manufacturing and drug delivery patents are scheduled to expire from 2024
to 2036, although Enteris has applications pending that could extend that protection. As of December
31, 2022, multiple U.S. patents have been issued and other applications are pending. Enteris has also made patent application
filings in selected foreign countries and multiple foreign patents have issued with other applications pending. Enteris
faces the risk that any of its pending applications will not be issued as patents. In addition, Enteris patents may be found to
be invalid or unenforceable. Enteris business also is subject to the risk that its issued patents will not provide Enteris with
significant competitive advantages if, for example, a competitor were to independently develop or obtain similar or superior technologies.
To the extent Enteris is unable to protect its patents and patent applications, or similar or superior technologies are developed, our
investment in our technologies may not yield the benefits that we expect. 

12 

If
Enteris encounters issues with its suppliers or if its licensees encounter issues with their contract manufacturers, Enteris may
need to qualify alternative manufacturers or suppliers, which could impair Enteris and its licensees ability to
sufficiently and timely manufacture and supply pharmaceutical products. 

 Enteris
relies on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture its existing products, and expects to rely on third
parties to supply raw materials for potential future products, including suppliers that are located in Asia. Enteris is undertaking
efforts to validate alternate suppliers, but may be unsuccessful in these efforts. Current licensees of Enteris technology
generally rely, and future licensees are expected to rely, on third party suppliers and contract manufacturers to manufacture
drug products that utilize Enteris technology as well. 

 Any
business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments such
as COVID-19, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, and Enteris or its licensees 
inability to identify and validate alternate suppliers and contract manufacturers, could further affect supply chains. Any reliance
on suppliers may involve several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over
production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. 

 Any
unanticipated disruption caused by problems with suppliers could delay shipment of any of Enteris or its licensees 
drug candidates or drug products, which could increase Enteris or its licensees cost of goods sold or result in
lost or decreased sales, royalties or milestone payments to Enteris. 

 Enteris 
production facilities have been impacted by COVID-19 and global supply chain constraints, and any future impacts might adversely
affect its operations and financial condition. 

 Enteris
experienced a reduction in its productivity as well as delays in receiving some of its needed supplies as a direct result of COVID-19
and the impact it had on key vendors and the global supply chain. Enteris could experience similar delays in the future due to
the impact of governmental restrictions and other impacts of COVID-19 on its vendors, and on the success of efforts to reduce
constraints and delays in the global supply chain. Any further reductions or delays may result in business disruption and reduced
revenues, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We
are continuously monitoring our own operations and intend to continue to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising
from the COVID-19 pandemic and global supply chain constraints, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing
so. We are taking precautions to protect the safety and well-being of Enteris employees, including enhancing our standard
operating procedures at Enteris to provide for additional cleaning and hygiene measures, social distancing, as well as following
guidelines provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the State of New Jersey. However, no assurance can be
given that the steps being taken will be adequate or deemed to be appropriate. To the extent we are able to obtain information
about and maintain communications with our customers, suppliers, vendors and other business partners, we will seek to minimize
disruptions to our Pharmaceutical Development segment s supply chain, although we cannot provide assurances that we will
be successful. 

 Risks
Related to Our Business and Structure 

 Our
ability to use NOL carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be limited, and our
future cash tax liability may increase. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of 124.5 million. The
U.S. federal NOL carryforwards, if not offset against future income, will expire by 2037. We may recognize additional NOLs in the future.
In order to utilize the NOLs, the Company must generate taxable income that can offset such carryforwards. 

13 

The
Internal Revenue Service IRS has not audited our tax returns for any of the years during the carryforward period.
We cannot assure you that we would prevail if the IRS were to challenge the availability of the NOLs. If the IRS were successful
in challenging our NOLs, all or some portion of the NOLs would not be available to offset any future consolidated income which
would negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

 Under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change 
may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforward amounts to offset future taxable income.
In general, an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5 percent stockholders,
applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percent over such stockholders lowest percentage
ownership during the testing period (generally three years). New issuances of our common stock, which is within our control, and
purchases of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels, which are beyond our control, could create an additional
limitation on our ability to utilize our NOL carryforward amounts for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability
to utilize NOL carryforward amounts could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than would be paid if such
limitations were not in effect and could cause such NOL carryforward amounts to expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating
the expected benefit to us. Additionally, various states have similar limitations on the use of state NOLs following an ownership
change. 

 If
an ownership change occurs, the amount of the taxable income for any post-change year that may be offset by a pre-change loss is subject
to an annual limitation that is cumulative to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. This limitation would be derived by multiplying
the fair market value of the Company s common stock as of the ownership change by the applicable federal long-term tax-exempt rate,
which was 2.92 percent for March 2023. To the extent that a company has a net unrealized built-in gain at the time of
an ownership change, which is realized or deemed recognized during the five-year period following the ownership change, there is an increase
in the annual limitation for each of the first five-years that is cumulative to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. 

 If
an ownership change should occur in the future, our ability to use NOLs to offset future taxable income will be subject to an
annual limitation and will depend on the amount of taxable income we generate in future periods. There is no assurance that we
will be able to fully utilize our NOLs and we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance related to the amount
of the NOLs that may not be realized, which could impact our results of operations. 

 Changes
in tax law may adversely affect us or our investors. 

 The
rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative
process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application)
could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many such changes have been made, and changes are likely
to continue to occur in the future. 

14 

For
example, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ). The IRA contains
a number of tax-related provisions, including a 15 percent minimum corporate income tax on certain large corporations as well as an excise
tax on stock repurchases. It is unclear how the IRA will be implemented by the U.S. Department of the Treasury through regulation. We
are still evaluating the impact of the IRA on our tax liability, which tax liability could also be affected by how the provisions of
the IRA are implemented through such regulation. We will continue to evaluate the IRA s impact as further information becomes available. 

 It
cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form or with what effective dates tax laws, regulations and rulings may be enacted,
promulgated or issued, which could result in an increase in our or our shareholders tax liability or require changes in
the manner in which we operate in order to minimize or mitigate any adverse effects of changes in tax law. 

 We
are dependent upon our key management personnel for our future success. 

 We
depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of our senior management and their access to the investment professionals
and the information and deal flow generated by these investment professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio
management activities. Our senior management team evaluates, negotiates, structures, closes, monitors and services our investments.
Our success depends to a significant extent on the efforts, judgment, business relationships, personal reputations and continued
service of our senior management team, and other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel or damage
to their personal reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business. Accordingly, our retention of our key personnel
and our success in recruiting additional personnel is crucial to our success. If our key personnel were to join or form a competitor,
our business could similarly suffer a material adverse effect. In addition, we have very few employees, so the loss of any employee
could be disruptive to our business. We do not carry any key man insurance that would provide us with proceeds in
the event of the death or disability of any of our key personnel. We may also not succeed in recruiting additional personnel because
the market for qualified professionals is extremely competitive. Efforts to retain or attract key personnel may result in significant
additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. 

 Changes
in our management may cause uncertainty in, or be disruptive to, our business. Certain of our directors and management team members
have been with us in those capacities for only a short time. 

 Our
success depends upon the continued services of executive officers and other key personnel, as well as their ability to effectively
transition to their successors. We have experienced significant changes in our senior leadership in 2022, including the appointment
of a new Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, four of our directors resigned following the conclusion
of our special committee s review of the non-binding proposal received from funds managed by Carlson to acquire all of our
shares not already owned by Carlson, and another director retired. Although we have endeavored to implement any management and
director transition in a non-disruptive manner, such transitions might impact our business, and give rise to uncertainty among
our customers, investors, vendors, employees and others concerning our future direction and performance, which may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and our ability to execute our business
model. 

 In
addition, because certain members of our management and Board have served in their respective capacities for only limited durations,
we face the additional risks that these persons have limited familiarity with our past practices, our business and our industry
and lack established track records in managing our business strategy. 

 Any
future changes to the executive management team, including hires or departures, could cause further disruption to the business
and have a negative impact on operating performance, while these operational areas are in transition. We can provide no assurance
that we will be able to continue to find suitable successors to key roles as transitions occur or that any identified successor
will be successfully integrated into its management team. 

 We
also believe that our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled
technical, management personnel at all levels of the organization. Due to labor shortages and inflationary wage pressure, there
is intense competition for qualified talent, which combined with the salary, benefits and other costs required to employ the right
personnel, may make it difficult to achieve our financial goals. Consequently, we may not be successful in attracting, motivating
and retaining such personnel, and our failure to do so could have a negative effect on our business including our ability to successfully
develop, introduce, and market our products which may adversely impact our operating results, or financial condition. 

15 

Because
we are relying on the exemptions from corporate governance requirements as a result of being a controlled company 
within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards, you do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to such requirements. 

 Because
Carlson controls a majority of our common stock, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards.
Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 percent of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company
is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, including (1)
the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) the requirement that we have a nominating
and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s
purpose and responsibilities, and (3) the requirement that the board have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors
with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. However, our Board of Directors is currently comprised
of a majority of independent directors and we currently have a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the majority of the
members of such committee are independent directors. If we were to fully avail ourselves of the controlled company rules, you do not
have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

 If
we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing on commercially reasonable terms our business could be materially
adversely affected. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had 6.2 million of cash and cash equivalents plus 32.6 million available to be borrowed
under our credit facility with Cadence Bank. On November 16, 2022, the Company entered into the Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security
Agreement (the Third Amendment with Cadence Bank, N.A. as a lender and the administrative agent. Pursuant to the Fifth
Amendment, the Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 29, 2018 Loan Agreement was amended to extend the Loan Agreement
Termination Date to September 30, 2025 and increase the Loan Agreement Commitment to 35.0 million. We have limited capital to
execute our business strategy and have obtained debt financing to fund future growth and obtain funds which may be made available for
investments. If we are unable to enter into new debt or equity financing arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity
may be reduced significantly, and as a result, our ability to implement and grow our business strategy could be materially impacted. 

 Our
use of leverage may limit our operational flexibility and increase our overall risk, which may adversely affect our business and
results of operations. 

 Although
the use of leverage may create an opportunity for increased returns for us, it also results in additional risks and can magnify
the effect of any losses and thus could negatively impact our business and results of operations and have important adverse consequences
to our investments. Our current credit facility contains, and any future credit facility, if raised, would likely contain covenants
that could restrict our operating flexibility, including covenants that, among others, could limit our ability to: (i) make distributions
in certain circumstances, (ii) incur additional debt, and (iii) engage in certain transactions, which collectively may prevent
us from entering into transactions which we may otherwise determine are beneficial to us, and which could negatively impact our
business and results of operations. In addition, we expect we would need to secure such a credit facility through the pledging
of substantially all of our assets, and if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to meet principal and interest payments
on such indebtedness, we would be subject to risk that the lender seizes our assets through an acceleration of the credit facility
that could require liquidation of pledged collateral at inopportune times or at prices that are not favorable to us and cause
significant losses. If the lender seizes and liquidates pledged collateral, such collateral will likely be sold at distressed
price levels. We will fail to realize the full value of such assets in a distressed sale. 

 The
liquidity, market price and volume of our stock are volatile. 

 Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). The liquidity of our common stock may be adversely
affected, and purchasers of our common stock may have difficulty selling our common stock, if our common stock does not continue
to trade on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. Nasdaq maintains certain minimum continued listing standards. If we
are not able to continue to satisfy the continued listing standards, or qualify for an exemption to such standards, then we could
be subject non-compliance status or de-listing. 

16 

As
previously announced, we received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of the resignations of four of our directors,
we were no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5605(b)(1), 5605(c)(2), 5605(d)(2) and 5605(e)(1), which require the
Board to be comprised of a majority of independent directors, that the audit committee consist of at least three independent members
and the compensation committee consist of at least two independent members, and that director nominees be selected, or be recommended
for the Board s selection, by a separate vote of a majority of independent directors or a committee comprised solely of
independent directors. While we have successfully regained compliance, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to maintain
compliance with such standards. 

 The
trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating
results and other events or factors. In addition, the U.S. stock markets have from time to time experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations that have affected the market price for many companies and which often have been unrelated to the operating
performance of these companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 

 Funds
affiliated with Carlson can control or exert significant influence over our management and policies through their ownership of
a large amount of our common stock. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, funds affiliated with Carlson owned in the aggregate 70.8 percent of our combined issued and outstanding
common stock and unvested restricted stock. Due to the large percentage of ownership by funds affiliated with Carlson, including
Double Black Diamond Offshore Ltd. Double Black ), they have the ability to control or exert significant influence
over our management and policies, such as the election of our directors, the appointment of new management and the approval of
any other action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation, a sale
of all or substantially all of our assets or a merger or other significant transaction. The investment objectives of Carlson and
its affiliates may from time to time be different than or conflict with those of our other stockholders. 

 In
addition, pursuant to the terms of a Stockholders Agreement entered into on February 27, 2023 (as amended, the Stockholders 
Agreement ), funds affiliated with Carlson have the right to approve specific transactions, including the incurrence of indebtedness
over specified amounts, the sale of assets over specified amounts, declaration of dividends, loans, capital contributions to or investments
in any third party over specified amounts, changes in the size of the board of directors and repurchases of common stock. 

 If
there are substantial sales of shares of our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

 The
price of our common stock could decline if there are substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive
officers, employees, and significant stockholders including funds associated with Carlson. Funds associated with Carlson own an aggregate
of 70.8 percent (9,093,766 common shares). Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement entered into on February 27, 2023, as amended,
and a Registration Rights Agreement entered into on September 6, 2013, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with the SEC on
February 3, 2020, which became effective on February 19, 2020, to register all of the common stock owned by funds associated with Carlson
for sale freely in the public market from time to time. 

 The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of the sale of a substantial number of our shares of common stock in
the public market or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

 We
have adopted provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and have entered into the Rights Agreement, which could
delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company. 

 The
board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5 million shares of preferred stock. Without any further vote or action on
the part of the stockholders, the board of directors has the authority to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges,
and restrictions of the preferred stock. This preferred stock, if issued, might have preference over and harm the rights of the
holders of common stock. Although the ability to issue this preferred stock provides us with flexibility in connection with possible
acquisitions and other corporate purposes, it can also be used to make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority
of our outstanding voting stock. We currently have no plans to issue preferred stock. 

17 

Additionally,
the Rights Agreement is intended to protect our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and make it difficult for a third party
to acquire a significant number of shares of our common stock. 

 Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may deter an unsolicited offer to purchase us. These provisions,
coupled with the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, may delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest.
In addition, directors are only removable by the affirmative vote of holder of at least two-thirds of all classes of voting stock.
These factors may further delay or prevent a change of control of the Company. 

 If
we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, applicable restrictions could make it impractical
for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We
have not been and do not intend to become registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, or the 1940 Act. We intend to conduct our business so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the 1940
Act. 

 Generally,
a company will be determined to be an investment company if, absent an exclusion or exemption, it is or holds itself out
as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or owns
or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 percent of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We refer to this investment company definition test as the 40
percent test. 

 We
do not hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting
or trading in securities and believe that we are not engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in
securities. We believe that, for purposes of the 1940 Act, we are engaged primarily, through one or more of our subsidiaries,
in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring certain obligations that represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise.
Our subsidiaries that are so engaged rely on Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the 1940 Act, which, as interpreted by the SEC staff, requires
each such subsidiary to invest at least 55 percent of its assets in notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable
and other obligations representing part of all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance and services, which we refer
to as the ICA Exception Qualifying Assets. 

 To
ensure that we are not obligated to register as an investment company, we must not exceed the thresholds provided by the 40 test. For
purposes of the 40 percent test, the term investment securities does not include U.S. government securities or securities
issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on Section 3(c)(1) or Section
3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, such as majority-owned subsidiaries that rely on Section 3(c)(6), which, based on the SEC staff s interpretations,
requires us to invest, either directly or through majority-owned subsidiaries, at least 55 percent of our assets in, as relevant here,
businesses relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A). Therefore, the assets that we and our subsidiaries hold and acquire are limited by the provisions
of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

 If
the SEC or its staff in the future adopts a contrary interpretation to that provided in the no-action letter to the predecessor
of Royalty Pharma plc or otherwise restricts the conclusions in
the SEC staff s no-action letter such that royalty interests are no longer treated as ICA Exception Qualifying Assets for
purposes of Section 3(c)(6), or the SEC or its staff in the future determines that the no-action letter does not apply to some
or all types of royalty receivables relating to biopharmaceutical assets, our business will be materially and adversely affected.
In particular, we would be required to register as an investment company. The requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including
limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact business with affiliates could make it impractical for us to
continue our business as currently conducted. Our ceasing to not be deemed an investment company or to qualify for an exemption
from registration as an investment company could materially and adversely affect the value of our common stock. In addition, we
could be subject to legal actions by regulatory authorities and others and could be forced to dissolve. 

18 

In
complying with Section 3(c)(5)(A), one of our subsidiaries, SWK Funding LLC SWK Funding ), relies on an interpretation
that royalty interests that entitle an issuer to collect royalty receivables that are directly based on the sales price of specific
biopharmaceutical products that use intellectual property covered by specific license agreements are ICA Exception Qualifying
Assets under Section 3(c)(5)(A). This interpretation was promulgated by the SEC staff in a no-action letter issued to the predecessor
of Royalty Pharma plc on August 13, 2010. 

 Our
failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses. 

 We
increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our business, our investment or financing activities and our
partner companies. Conflicts of interest may arise from the fact that (i) we provide investment management services to more than
one partner company, (ii) the partner companies we work with often have one or more overlapping investment or financing strategies,
and (iii) we could choose to allocate an investment to more than one partner company or to ourselves. Also, the investment or
financing strategies employed by us for current and future partner companies, or on our own behalf, could conflict with each other,
and may adversely affect the prices and availability of other securities or instruments held by, or potentially considered for,
one or more partner companies. 

 We
currently operate without information barriers in our Finance Receivables segment that some other investment management firms
implement to separate business units and/or to separate persons who make investment decisions from others who might possess material
non-public information that could influence such decisions. Our executive officers, investment professionals or other employees
may acquire confidential or material non-public information and, as a result, we may be restricted from initiating transactions
in certain securities. Notwithstanding the maintenance of restricted securities lists and other internal controls, it is possible
that the internal controls relating to the management of material non-public information could fail and result in us buying or
selling a security while, at least constructively, in possession of material non-public information. Inadvertent trading on material
non-public information could have adverse effects on our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions
and, as a consequence, negatively impact our ability to provide our investment management services to our partner companies. 

 Appropriately
dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail,
to deal appropriately with one or more potential or actual conflicts of interest. Regulatory scrutiny of, or litigation in connection
with, conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our reputation which would materially adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

 Risks
Associated with Investments in the Health Care and Life Sciences Industries 

 Public
health epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks, including COVID-19, could adversely affect our and our partner companies businesses. 

 Public
health epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks, and the resulting business or economic disruptions resulting therefrom, could adversely
impact our and our partner companies businesses as well as our ability to raise capital. The impact of COVID-19 has been
and will likely continue to be extensive in many aspects of society, which has resulted in and will likely continue to result
in significant disruptions to the global economy, as well as businesses and capital markets around the world. 

 The
extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration of the pandemic, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
public and private actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact. COVID-19 has and will likely continue to result in social,
economic and labor instability in the countries in which we or our partner companies operate. 

 COVID-19
has impacted, and may continue to impact, the ability of our borrowers and the marketers of products upon which we derive our
royalty income to raise capital in order to fund and conduct their operations during the pandemic. In certain situations, disruptions
to our partner companies, including as a result of global supply chain disruptions, has impaired their ability to fulfill their
obligations to us and resulted in defaults in obligations to us. As a result, we have entered into amendments with certain of
our borrowers in order to cure defaults. Continuing impacts of the pandemic and supply chain disruptions could continue to increase
the risk of delinquencies, defaults, declining collateral values associated with our existing loans, and impairments or losses
on our loans. Any such impairment could increase our credit risk and adversely affect the assets and results of operations of
our Finance Receivables segment. 

19 

Any
abrupt and substantial change in economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and
the value of our equity investments. Any sustained disruption in the capital markets from the COVID-19 pandemic could negatively
impact our and our partner companies ability to raise capital. 

 Economic
recessions or downturns could impair the ability of our partner companies to repay loans, which, in turn, could increase our non-
performing assets, decrease the value of our assets, reduce our volume of new loans and have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

 General
economic conditions may affect our activities and the operation and value of the assets of our Finance Receivables segment. Economic
slowdowns or recessions may result in a decrease of institutional equity investment, which would limit our lending opportunities.
Furthermore, many of our partner companies are susceptible to economic or industry centric slowdowns or recessions and may be
unable to repay our debt investments during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets are likely to increase, and the
value of our portfolio is likely to decrease, during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of
collateral securing some of our debt investments and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could
lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a material decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions
could also increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend
credit to us. 

 A
partner company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults
and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other
agreements and jeopardize the partner company s ability to meet its obligations under the loans that we hold. We may incur
expenses to the extent necessary to recover our investment upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting partner company.
These events could harm our financial condition and operating results. 

 A
period of market disruption may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. In addition, unfavorable economic conditions, including rising interest rates, may also increase our funding costs,
limit our access to capital markets or negatively impact our ability to obtain financing, particularly from the debt markets. 

 Some
of our partner companies may be unable to protect their proprietary rights and may infringe on the proprietary rights of others. 

 Our
partner companies assert various forms of intellectual property protection. Intellectual property may constitute an important
part of partner company assets and competitive strengths, particularly for royalty monetization transactions. Federal law, most
typically copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, generally protects intellectual property rights. Although we expect
that our partner companies will take reasonable efforts to protect the rights to their intellectual property, third parties may
develop similar intellectual property independently or attempt to abandon intellectual property licenses if it is determined such
intellectual property from a partner company is no longer needed. Moreover, the complexity of international trade secret, copyright,
trademark and patent law, coupled with the limited resources of our partner companies and the demands of quick delivery of products
and services to market, create a risk that partner company efforts to prevent misappropriation of their technology will prove
inadequate. 

 Some
of our partner companies also license intellectual property from third parties and it is possible that they could become subject
to infringement actions based upon their use of the intellectual property licensed from those third parties. Our partner companies
generally obtain representations as to the origin and ownership of such licensed intellectual property. However, this may not
adequately protect them. Any claims against our partner companies proprietary rights, with or without merit, could subject
the companies to costly litigation and divert their technical and management personnel from other business concerns. If our partner
companies incur costly litigation and their personnel are not effectively deployed, the expenses and losses incurred by our partner
companies will increase and their profits, if any, will decrease. 

 Third
parties have and may assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against our partner companies based on their patents
or other intellectual property rights. Although we are not aware that any of our partner companies products might infringe
any third party s patents, they may have to pay substantial damages, possibly including treble damages, if it is ultimately
determined that they do. They may have to obtain a license to sell their products if it is determined that their products infringe
on another person s intellectual property. Our partner companies might be prohibited from selling their products before
they obtain a license, which, if available at all, may require them to pay substantial royalties. Even if infringement claims
against our partner companies are without merit, defending these types of lawsuits takes significant time, is expensive and may
divert management attention from other business concerns. 

20 

Future
legislation, and/or regulations and policies adopted by the FDA or other U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities may increase the
time and cost required by some of our partner companies to conduct and complete clinical trials for the product candidates that
they develop, and there is no assurance that these companies will obtain regulatory approval to market and commercialize their
products in the U.S. and in foreign countries. 

 The
FDA and other foreign and U.S. regulatory authorities have established regulations, guidelines and policies to govern the drug
development and approval process which affect some of our partner companies. Any change in regulatory requirements due to the
adoption by the FDA and/or foreign or other U.S. regulatory authorities of new legislation, regulations, or policies may require
some of our partner companies to amend existing clinical trial protocols or add new clinical trials to comply with these changes.
Such amendments to existing protocols and/or clinical trial applications or the need for new ones, may significantly impact the
cost, timing and completion of the clinical trials. 

 In
addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s and other authorities approval processes may significantly
delay or prevent regulatory approval, as well as impose more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements.
Foreign regulatory authorities may also increase their scrutiny of approval processes resulting in similar delays. Increased scrutiny
and approval processes may limit the ability of our partner companies to market and commercialize their products in the U.S. and
in foreign countries. 

 The
development of products by life science companies requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory
approvals. 

 The
development of products by life science companies requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory
approvals. In addition, similar activities and costs may be required to support products that have already been commercialized.
The results of product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including the ability to innovate, develop
and manufacture new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the U.S. and abroad,
or gain and maintain market approval of products. In addition, regulatory review processes by U.S. and foreign agencies may extend
longer than anticipated as a result of decreased funding and tighter fiscal budgets. Further, patents attained by others can preclude
or delay the commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development will achieve technological
feasibility, obtain regulatory approval, or gain market acceptance. Failure can occur at any point in the development process,
including after significant funds have been invested. Products may fail to reach the market or may have only limited commercial
success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory
approvals, failure to achieve market adoption, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to
establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or the infringement of intellectual property rights of others. Failure by
our partner companies to successfully commercialize pipeline products in which we have an economic interest could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Changes
in healthcare laws and other regulations applicable to some of our partner companies businesses may constrain their ability
to offer their products and services. 

 Changes
in healthcare or other laws and regulations applicable to the businesses of some of our partner companies may occur that could
increase their compliance and other costs of doing business, require significant systems enhancements, or render their products
or services less profitable or obsolete, any of which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations. There
has also been an increased political and regulatory focus on healthcare laws in recent years, and new legislation could have a
material effect on the business and operations of some of our partner companies. 

21 

We
also anticipate that Congress, state legislatures, and third-party payors may continue to review and assess alternative healthcare
delivery and payment systems and may in the future propose and adopt legislation or policy changes or implementations effecting
additional fundamental changes in the healthcare delivery system. We cannot assure you as to the ultimate content, timing, or
effect of changes, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of any such potential legislation on certain of our
partner companies, our business model, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 

 The
potential inability of our partner companies and counterparties to charge desired prices with respect to prescription drugs could
impact their revenues and in turn their ability to repay us or the magnitude of their royalty payments to us. 

 Our
partner companies, as well as the value of our pharmaceutical royalties, are subject to risks associated with the pricing for
prescription drugs. It is uncertain whether pharmaceutical products will continue to utilize established prescription
drug pricing methods, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. Legislation may
lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regulators have conducted investigations into the use of prescription
drug pricing methods for federal program payment, and whether such methods have inflated drug expenditures by the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. Federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any such legislation or executive action or the impact of potential
legislation or executive action on us. Any changes to the method for calculating prescription drug costs may reduce the revenues of our
partner companies operating in the pharmaceutical industry, which could in turn impair their ability to timely make any principal and
interest payments owed to us. Additionally, any such changes to pharmaceutical product reimbursement similarly could reduce the revenues
of the pharmaceutical products from which we receive royalties. 

22 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

 Our
corporate headquarters and the location of our Finance Receivables segment are in Dallas, Texas, where we lease approximately
2,400 square feet of space. The Pharmaceutical Development segment s headquarters is located in Boonton, New Jersey,
where Enteris leases approximately 32,000 square feet of space. We believe these facilities are adequate for our business requirements. 

 ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 We
are involved in, or have been involved in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course of
our business. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. The ultimate outcome of any litigation
is uncertain, and either unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have a material negative impact on our results of operations,
balance sheets and cash flows due to defense costs, and divert management resources. Currently, we are not involved in any arbitration
and/or other legal proceeding that we expect to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

 ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not
applicable. 

23 

PART
II 

 ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 

 Market
Information 

 Since
January 22, 2020, our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol SWKH. 

 Holders
of Record 

 There
were approximately 90 stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 27, 2023. The actual number of stockholders is
greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street
name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held
in trust by other entities. 

 Dividend
Policy 

 To
date, we have not paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain our cash and do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

 None. 

 Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

 O n
May 31, 2022, the board of directors of the Company (the Board authorized a share repurchase program under which
the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 10.0 million of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock from time to time
until May 15, 2023, through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including Rule 10b-18
of the Securities Exchange Act. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the program will depend on several factors,
including the constraints specified in the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, price, and general market conditions. There is no guarantee as to
the exact number of shares that will be repurchased under the trading plan. Our Board may also suspend or discontinue the repurchase
program at any time, in its sole discretion. The purchase period is July 1, 2022 through May 15, 2023. 

 The
table below summarizes information about our purchases of common stock during the three months ending December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average
 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 
 Total
 Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plan 
 Maximum
 Number of 
 Shares That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plan 
 
 October 1, 2022
 - October 31, 2022 
 14,902 
 17.64 
 14,902 
 664,921 
 
 November
 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 
 7,968 
 19.02 
 7,968 
 656,953 
 
 December
 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 
 6,568 
 18.74 
 6,568 
 650,385 

29,438 
 18.26 
 29,438 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 63,901 shares under the share repurchase program at a total cost of 1.1 million,
or 17.78 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan was approximately
 8.9 million, or 650,385 shares of common stock. 

 ITEM 6.
RESERVED 

 Not
Applicable. 

24 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Statements below regarding future events or performance
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results
could be quite different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could affect results are discussed
more fully under the sections entitled Risk Factors, and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
as revised and supplemented by those risks described from time to time in other reports which we file with the SEC. Although forward-looking
statements help to provide complete information about us, readers should keep in mind that forward-looking statements may not be reliable.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking
statements made herein after the date of this Annual Report. 

 Environmental,
Social and Governance 

 As
overseers of risk and stewards of long-term enterprise value, our management and Board play a vital role in assessing, identifying
and understanding the potential impact and related risks of environmental, social and governance ESG issues on
the organization s operating model. Our management and Board are committed to identifying those ESG issues most likely to
impact business operations and growth by focusing our investment strategy around supporting innovative, growth-oriented companies
in the life sciences industry that maximize both social and investment value. 

 Among
the ESG issues we support within our company, we are committed to recruiting, motivating and developing a diversity of talent.
We promote and foster a company culture where every voice is welcome, heard and respected, regardless of age, gender, race, religion,
sexual orientation, physical conditions, cultural background or country of origin. 

 The
nature of our business supports environmental sustainability by being mindful of products we and our business partners use in
our businesses. We promote recycling to reduce landfill, and we offer our employees a hybrid work model, which allows employees
the flexibility to work remotely, thereby reducing the carbon output from commuting in cars or buses. 

 Overview 

 We
have organized our operations into two segments: Finance Receivables and Pharmaceutical Development. These segments reflect the
way we evaluate our business performance and manage our operations. Please refer to Part I, Item 1, Business and Part II,
Item 8, Financial Statements , Notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information
regarding segment information. 

25 

Finance
Receivables Portfolio Overview 

 The
table below provides an overview of our outstanding transactions as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2022 (in thousands,
except rate, share and per share data): 

Royalty Purchases 
 Licensed 
Technology 
 Footnote 
 Funded 
 Amount 
 GAAP 
 Balance 
 Revenue 
 (Loss) 
 Recognized 
 Active 
Investment 
as of 
12/31/22 
 
 Beleodaq 
 Oncology treatment 
 (1) 
 7,600 
 
 799 
 No 
 
 Besivance 
 Ophthalmic antibiotic 
 (2) 
 6,000 
 
 24 
 Yes 
 
 Best ABT, Inc. 
 Oncology diagnosis 
 (3), (4) 
 5,784 
 2,947 
 
 Yes 
 
 Coflex /Kybella 
 Spinal stenosis/submental fullness 
 
 4,350 
 3,902 
 503 
 Yes 
 
 Cambia 
 NSAID migraine treatment 
 (3) 
 8,500 
 598 
 (264 
 Yes 
 
 Forfivo XL 
 Depressive disorder treatment 
 
 6,000 
 1,401 
 1,074 
 Yes 
 
 Ideal Implant, Inc. 
 Aesthetics 
 (4) 
 3,000 
 3,789 
 402 
 Yes 
 
 Iluvien 
 Diabetic macular edema 
 
 16,501 
 15,543 
 2,211 
 Yes 
 
 Narcan 
 Opioid overdose treatment 
 (1) 
 17,500 
 
 3,921 
 No 
 
 Duo Royalty 
 Japanese women s health/cystic fibrosis 
 
 15,488 
 16,028 
 
 Yes 
 
 Ostomy Products Royalty 
 Ostomy products 
 (1) 
 3,900 
 
 1,927 
 No 
 
 Veru, Inc. 
 Women s health 
 
 10,000 
 3,511 
 687 
 Yes 

Term Loans 
 Type 
 Footnote 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal 
 GAAP 
 Balance 
 Rate 
 Revenue 
 (Loss) 
 Recognized 
 Active 
Investment 
 as of 
 12/31/22 
 
 4Web, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 12/31/24 
 31,022 
 31,495 
 16.0 
 4,542 
 Yes 
 
 AOTI, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 03/21/27 
 12,000 
 12,022 
 11.0 
 1,318 
 Yes 
 
 Acer Therapeutics, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 03/04/24 
 6,942 
 7,322 
 12.0 
 1,476 
 Yes 
 
 Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
 First lien 
 (1) 
 10/11/23 

12.0 
 538 
 No 
 
 Aziyo Biologics, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 08/10/27 
 25,000 
 24,566 
 11.5 
 1,219 
 Yes 
 
 B D Dental Corporation 
 First lien 
 (1) 
 12/10/18 

14.0 
 2,401 
 No 
 
 BIOLASE, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 05/31/25 
 13,300 
 13,836 
 10.5 
 1,931 
 Yes 
 
 Biotricity, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 12/21/26 
 12,364 
 12,291 
 11.5 
 1,639 
 Yes 
 
 Epica International, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 07/23/24 
 12,000 
 12,452 
 9.5 
 1,506 
 Yes 
 
 eTon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 11/13/24 
 6,615 
 6,707 
 10.0 
 915 
 Yes 
 
 Exeevo, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 07/01/27 
 5,000 
 4,975 
 12.0 
 402 
 Yes 
 
 Flowonix Medical, Inc. 
 First lien 
 (4), (5) 
 12/23/25 
 11,942 
 11,304 
 14.0 
 
 Yes 
 
 Keystone Dental Group 
 First lien 
 (1) 
 08/01/23 

11.5 
 888 
 No 
 
 MedMinder Systems, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 08/18/27 
 20,000 
 19,902 
 10.3 
 954 
 Yes 
 
 MolecuLight, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 12/29/26 
 10,000 
 10,059 
 12.5 
 1,482 
 Yes 
 
 Sincerus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 First lien 
 
 05/15/27 
 13,497 
 13,516 
 10.4 
 1,914 
 Yes 
 
 Trio Healthcare Ltd. 
 First lien 
 
 07/01/26 
 8,428 
 8,389 
 12.5 
 1,052 
 Yes 

26 

Cost Method 
 Investment 
 Licensed 
 Technology 
 Footnote 
 Maturity 
 Date 
 Principal 
 GAAP 
 Balance 
 Rate 
 Revenue
 
 (Loss) 
 Recognized 
 Active 
Investment as 
 of 12/31/22 
 
 Tissue Regeneration Therapeutics, Inc. TRT 
 Umbilical cord banking 
 (6) 
 N/A 

N/A 
 
 Yes 

Marketable Investments 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Footnote 
 Funded 
 Amount 
 GAAP 
 Balance 
 Change in 
Fair Value 
 Active 
Investment as 
of 12/31/22 
 
 Secured Royalty Financing (Marketable Investment) 
 N/A 
 (4) 
 3,000 
 76 
 
 Yes 
 
 Bioventus, Inc. Bioventus Common Stock 
 
 (7) 
 N/A 
 
 (534 
 No 
 
 Harrow Health, Inc. Harrow Common Stock 
 
 (7) 
 N/A 
 
 6 
 No 
 
 Epica International, Inc. 
 25,000 
 
 N/A 

Yes 
 
 Sincerus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 26,575 
 
 N/A 

Yes 

Warrants to Purchase Stock 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Footnote 
 Exercise 
Price per 
 Share 
 GAAP 
 Balance 
 Change in 
 Fair Value 
 Active 
 Investment as 
of 12/31/22 
 
 4Web, Inc. 
 TBD 

Yes 
 
 AOTI, Inc. 
 92,490 

Yes 
 
 Acer Therapeutics, Inc. 
 150,000 
 
 2.46 
 297 
 70 
 Yes 
 
 Acer Therapeutics, Inc. 
 100,000 
 
 1.51 
 210 
 118 
 Yes 
 
 Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
 7,764,004 
 (1) 
 0.053 CAD 
 5 
 (97 
 Yes 
 
 Aziyo Biologics 
 157,895 
 
 6.65 
 517 
 (263 
 Yes 
 
 Aziyo Biologics 
 30,075 
 
 6.65 
 99 
 16 
 Yes 
 
 BIOLASE, Inc. 
 22,039 
 
 0.39 
 5 
 (178 
 Yes 
 
 Biotricity, Inc. 
 57,536 
 
 6.26 
 9 
 (165 
 Yes 
 
 CeloNova BioSciences, Inc. 
 TBD 
 (8) 

Yes 
 
 DxTerity Diagnostics, Inc. 
 2,019,231 
 (8) 

Yes 
 
 Epica International, Inc. 
 TBD 

Yes 
 
 eTon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 51,238 
 
 5.86 
 41 
 (54 
 Yes 
 
 eTon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 18,141 
 
 6.62 
 15 
 (19 
 Yes 
 
 Exeevo, Inc. 
 930 

Yes 
 
 EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 40,910 
 
 11.00 
 20 
 (257 
 Yes 
 
 EyePoint Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 7,773 
 
 19.30 
 2 
 (39 
 Yes 
 
 Flowonix Medical, Inc. 
 155,561 
 (4), (5) 

Yes 
 
 Harrow Health, Inc. 
 
 (7) 

1,285 
 No 
 
 MedMinder Systems, Inc. 
 72,324 

Yes 
 
 MolecuLight, Inc. 
 TBD 

Yes 

Assets 
 Revenue 
 Recognized 
 
 Total finance receivables 
 236,555 
 35,461 
 
 Total marketable investments 
 76 

Cost method investment 

Fair value of warrant assets 
 1,220 

Total assets/revenues 
 237,851 
 35,461 

27 

(1)
 Finance receivable was paid off during 2022. 
 
 (2)
 US royalty was paid off during the year ended December 31, 2021. SWK continues to receive insignificant royalties on international
 sales. 
 
 (3)
 Investment considered impaired. 
 
 (4)
 Investment on nonaccrual. 
 
 (5)
 Flowonix is evaluating strategic alternatives for the business. 
 
 (6)
 A provision for credit losses was recognized during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 (7)
 Marketable investment was sold during the fourth quarter of 2022. Please see part II, item 8, footnote 5 of the notes to the
 consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 (8)
 Finance receivable was paid off during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Unless
otherwise specified, our senior secured debt assets generally are repaid by a revenue interest that is charged on a company s
quarterly net sales and royalties. 

28 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation
of financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, impairment of finance receivables and long-lived assets, impairment
of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, valuation of warrants and investments, contingent consideration, income taxes
and contingencies and litigation, among others. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. The accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we
consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements because they inherently involve
significant judgments and uncertainties. For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

 Allowance
for Loan Losses 

 The
allowance for loan losses is reviewed for adequacy based on portfolio collateral values and credit quality indicators, including
non-performing assets, evaluation of portfolio diversification and concentration as well as economic conditions to determine the
need for a qualitative adjustment. We review our finance receivables periodically to determine the probability of loss, and record
charge-offs after considering such factors as delinquencies, the financial condition of obligors, the value of underlying collateral,
as well as third party credit enhancements such as guarantees. 

 The
process of determining the level of the allowance for loan losses requires a high degree of judgment. Others given the same information
could reach different reasonable conclusions. 

 Finance
Receivables 

 Finance
receivables are measured based upon the difference between the recorded investment in each receivable and either the present value
of the expected future cash flows discounted at each receivable s effective interest rate (the receivable s contractual
interest rate adjusted for any deferred fees, costs, discount or premium at the date of origination or acquisition) or if a receivable
is collateral dependent, the collateral s fair value. When impairment is determined to be probable, the measurement will
be based on the fair value of the collateral. The determination of impairment involves management s judgment and the use
of market and third party estimates regarding collateral values. Valuations of impaired receivables and corresponding impairment
affect the level of the reserve for credit losses. 

 Revenue
Recognition 

 Finance
Receivables Segment 

 Our
Finance Receivables segment records interest income on an accrual basis based on the effective interest rate method to the extent
that we expect to collect such amounts. Incentive fees, if any, are recognized when earned at the end of the relevant performance
period, pursuant to the underlying contract. Other administrative service revenues are recognized when contractual obligations
are fulfilled or as services are provided. 

 Pharmaceutical
Development Segment 

 Our
Pharmaceutical Development segment enters into collaboration and licensing agreements with strategic partners, under which it
may exclusively license rights to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize its product candidates to third parties. The
terms of these arrangements typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: non-refundable, upfront license fees;
reimbursement of certain costs; customer option exercise fees; development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments; and
royalties on net sales of licensed products. 

29 

In
determining the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements, we
perform the following steps: (i) identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; (ii) determination of whether
the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract;
(iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation.
As part of the accounting for these arrangements, the Company must use its judgment to determine: (a) the number of performance
obligations based on the determination under step (ii) above; (b) the transaction price under step (iii) above; (c) the stand-alone
selling price for each performance obligation identified in the contract for the allocation of transaction price in step (iv)
above; and d) the contract term and pattern of satisfaction of the performance obligations under step (v) above. Management uses
judgment to determine whether milestones or other variable consideration, except for royalties, should be included in the transaction
price as described further below. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone
selling price basis, for which the Company recognizes revenue as or when the performance obligations under the contract are satisfied. 

 Amounts
received prior to satisfying the revenue recognition criteria are recorded as deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheets.
Amounts expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as current deferred
revenue. Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified
as deferred revenue, net of current portion. 

 Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

 The
fair value of our financial instruments reflects the amounts that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). 

 Our
financial instruments not required to be adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis consist principally of cash and restricted cash,
accounts and finance receivables, accounts payable, and accrued expenses. We believe the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents,
accounts and finance receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. 

 Income
Taxes 

 The
recognition of certain net deferred tax assets of our reporting entities are dependent upon, but not limited to, the future profitability
of the reporting entity, when the underlying temporary differences will reverse, and tax planning strategies. Further, management s
judgment regarding the use of estimates and projections is required in assessing our ability to realize the deferred tax assets
relating to NOL carryforwards, as most of these assets are subject to limited carryforward periods. 

 We
will continue to assess the need for a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets by evaluating both positive and negative
evidence that may exist at each reporting date. Any adjustments to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance is recorded in the
statement of operations in the period it is determined an adjustment is required. 

 Please
refer to Note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

 Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

 For
a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part
II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

30 

Results
of Operations 

 This
section of this Annual Report generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussion
of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report can be found in Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 The
following table summarizes the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

(in millions) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 41.5 
 56.2 
 (14.7 
 
 Provision for credit losses 
 3.5 
 
 3.5 
 
 Interest expense 
 0.3 
 0.4 
 (0.1 
 
 Pharmaceutical manufacturing, research and development expense 
 7.0 
 7.3 
 (0.3 
 
 Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration 
 5.2 
 (0.3 
 5.5 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 2.6 
 4.1 
 (1.5 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 13.0 
 13.6 
 (0.6 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (0.3 
 2.0 
 (2.3 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (4.0 
 7.1 
 (11.1 
 
 Net income 
 13.5 
 25.9 
 (12.4 

Revenues 

 We
generated revenues of 41.5 million and 56.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 14.7 million
decrease in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of a 10.9 million decrease in Pharmaceutical Development segment
revenue and a 3.8 million decrease in Finance Receivables segment revenue. The decrease in Pharmaceutical Development segment revenue
included 5.0 million of milestone revenue related to Enteris non-exclusive commercial license agreement (the License Agreement with Cara Therapeutics, Inc. Cara received during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15.0 million of milestone
revenue for the same period of 2021. The 3.8 million decrease in Finance Receivables segment revenue was primarily due to a 5.6
million net decrease in royalty revenue which was the result of the achievement of return premiums that caused a step down in
royalty rates, which was partially offset by a net increase of 1.8 million in interest and fees earned on finance receivables. 

 Provision
for Credit Losses and Impairment Expense 

 We
recognized provision for credit loss expense of 3.5 million on our cost method investment during the year ended December 31, 2022 (please
refer to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements
for further information on provision for credit losses). We did not recognize any credit loss provision or impairment expense for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

31 

Interest
Expense 

 Interest
expense consists of interest accrued on our revolving line of credit, unused line of credit and maintenance fees, as well as amortization
of debt issuance costs. Interest expense decreased to 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. This slight decrease in interest expense was due to a lower average outstanding balance on our
credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 Pharmaceutical
Manufacturing, Research and Development Expense 

 Pharmaceutical
manufacturing, research and development expense decreased from 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 7.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 0.3 million decrease was primarily due to a decrease in expenses related to internal
pipeline programs. 

 Change
in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 

 We
recognized a 5.2 million loss in change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration during the year ended December
31, 2022 and recognized a 0.3 million gain in 2021. The contingent consideration is the earnout related to the 2019 acquisition
of Enteris and sharing of certain milestone and royalties due to Enteris pursuant to the License Agreement with Cara for oral formulation
rights to Enteris Peptelligence technology to develop and commercialize Oral KORSUVA in any indication worldwide,
excluding South Korea and Japan (please refer to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 7 of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements for further information on contingent consideration). The carrying amount of the liability may
fluctuate significantly, and actual amounts paid may be materially different from the estimated value of the liability. 

 Depreciation
and Amortization 

 The
 1.5 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consists of a decrease
in amortization expense related to the intangible assets of Enteris. Amortization expense is aligned with the expected future
cash flows of the intangible assets. 

 General
and Administrative 

 General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation, including stock-based compensation and related costs for management, staff
and Board; legal and audit expenses; and corporate governance expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased to 13.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 13.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 0.6 million decrease
was primarily due to a 1.4 million decrease in corporate strategic planning and related special committee board fees, as well as a 0.7
million decrease in stock-based compensation expense related to the forfeiture of stock-options held by former employees and
board members upon their departure in 2022. The decrease was partially offset by a 1.3 million increase in audit and legal fees related
to amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and other corporate governance, financing and strategic matters. 

 Other
(Expense) Income, Net 

 Other
expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected a net fair market value gain of 0.4 million on the change in fair value
of our warrant assets and a net fair market value loss 0.5 million on the change in fair value of our Bioventus and Harrow common stock.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we exercised our right to purchase Harrow common stock. Upon exercise, we received 306,347 shares
of Harrow common stock with a fair value of 3.7 million, or 11.97 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold our shares
of Harrow and Bioventus common stock and received proceeds of 3.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively. Other expense, net for the
year ended December 31, 2022 reflected a realized loss of 0.2 million on the sale of our Bioventus and Harrow common stock. Other (expense) income, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 also includes a 0.2 million loss from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into our functional currency, net of changes in fair value of the foreign currency forward contract. 

32 

Other
income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected a net fair market value gain of 0.3 million on the change in fair
value of our warrant assets and a net fair market value gain of 1.8 million on the change in fair value of our Misonix and Bioventus
common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we tendered our Misonix common stock and received 1.9 million in cash
and 71,361 shares of Bioventus common stock and recognized a 0.1 million loss on the tender of the Misonix common stock. 

 Income
Tax (Benefit) Expense 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized income tax benefit of 4.0 million and income tax expense of 7.1 million,
respectively. The 11.1 million decrease in income tax expense is a result of lower taxable income for the year ended December
31, 2022 when compared to the same period of the prior year. 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cumulative gross deferred tax assets were 33.1 million and 38.9 million, respectively. Based
on historical and expected future operating performance, we concluded that it was more likely than not that we will not be able to realize
the full benefit of the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the future. The valuation
allowance against deferred tax assets was 6.7 million and 16.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, we believe it is more likely than not that we will realize approximately 24.5 million of benefit from
the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the future. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had NOLs for federal income tax purposes of 124.5 million. The federal NOL carryforwards, if not offset against
future income, will expire by 2037. Approximately 4.0 million of the 124.5 million can be carried forward indefinitely. We also had
federal research credit carryforwards of 2.9 million. The federal research credits begin to expire in 2023 and will
fully expire by 2042. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had 6.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to 42.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as of
December 31, 2021. The primary driver of the 36.7 million decrease in our cash balance was 95.1 million of investment funding, net
of deferred fees and origination expenses and including 2.8 million of collateral on forward currency exchange contract; 21.7 million for payments of accounts payable, payroll and benefits expense, including
 2.8 million for Enteris internal pipeline projects and capital expenditures; 6.0 million of repayments our credit facility;
and 1.1 million to repurchase shares of our common stock on the open market. The decrease was partially offset by 75.9 million of interest,
fees, principal and royalty payments received on our finance receivables and a net 3.4 million of payments generated by our Pharmaceutical
Development segment (the net 3.4 million includes 5.0 million of payments related to the completion of milestones under the License
Agreement less 2.5 million paid to the seller of Enteris, pursuant to the provisions of the merger agreement related to such sale). 

 We
entered into a 20.0 million revolving credit facility in June 2018. The credit facility was amended on November 16, 2022 to extend
the termination date to September 30, 2025 and increase the borrowing size under the credit facility to 35.0 million. As of December
31, 2022, approximately 32.6 million was available for borrowing under the credit facility. We are continuing to explore other
options with respect to a new credit facility. 

 Primary
Driver of Cash Flow 

 Our
ability to generate cash in the future depends primarily upon our success in implementing our Finance Receivable segment business
model of generating income by providing capital to a broad range of life science companies, institutions and inventors, as well
as the success of our Pharmaceutical Development segment. We generate income primarily from four sources: 

1. 
 Primarily owning or financing
 through debt investments, royalties generated by the sales of life science products and related intellectual property; 

2. 
 Receiving interest and other income by
 advancing capital in the form of secured debt to companies in the life science sector; 

3 . 
 Pharmaceutical development, manufacturing,
 and licensing activities utilizing the Peptelligence platform; and 

4 . 
 To a lesser extent, realizing capital appreciation
 from equity-related investments in the life science sector. 

33 

As
of December 31, 2022, our finance receivables portfolio contains 236.6 million of finance receivables and 0.1 million of marketable
investments. We expect these assets to generate positive cash flows in 2023. However, we continuously monitor the short and long-term
financial position of our finance receivables portfolio. In addition, the majority of our finance receivables portfolio are debt instruments
that carry floating interest rates with a LIBOR-based interest rate floor. Changes in interest rates, including the levels of LIBOR rates
or the replacement of LIBOR with another reference rate, such as SOFR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, may affect the interest
income for debt instruments with floating rates. We believe we are well positioned to benefit should market interest rates rise in the
future. 

 We
continue to evaluate multiple attractive opportunities that, if consummated, we believe would similarly generate additional income.
Since the timing of any investment is difficult to predict, our Finance Receivables segment may not be able to generate positive
cash flow above what our existing assets are expected to produce in 2022. We do not assume any near-term repayments from borrowers,
and as a result, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from the statement above. 

 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 In
the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP, are not recorded
in our consolidated financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and
liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage partner companies requests for funding and take the form
of loan commitments and lines of credit. 

 The
contractual amounts of commitments to extend credit represent the amounts of potential accounting loss should the contract be
fully drawn upon, the partner company defaults, and the value of any existing collateral becomes worthless. We use the same credit
policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we had 11.9 million of unfunded commitments. Please refer to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements ,
Note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Company s commitments and contingencies. 

34 

ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents were deposited in accounts at well capitalized financial institutions.
The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, approximated its carrying value. On March 10, 2023, Silicon
Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver. The standard deposit insurance amount is up to 250,000
per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. In addition, on March 10, 2023, the Bank of England (the
 BOE announced that it intended to seek the placement of Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited SVBUK ), an
affiliate of SVB, into a Bank Insolvency Procedure, and on March 13, 2023, HSBC announced the acquisition of SVBUK. We maintain
no deposit or other accounts with SVB or SVBUK. 

 Investment
and Interest Rate Risk 

 We
are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of
our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing
intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flow. 

 As
we seek to provide capital to a broad range of life science companies, institutions and investors with the majority of our finance
receivables portfolio paying interest based on floating interest rates with a LIBOR floor, our net investment income is dependent,
in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we earn on our cash and cash equivalents and the rate at which we lend
those funds to third parties. As a result, we are subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. We may use interest
rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations by providing capital at variable
interest rates. We do not currently engage in any interest rate hedging activities. We constantly monitor our portfolio and position
our portfolio to respond appropriately to a reduction in credit rating of any of our investments. 

 We
entered into a revolving credit facility. As we borrow funds to make additional investments, our income will depend, in part,
upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we are
subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding,
our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our income, especially to the extent we continue to hold fixed rate investments.
We generally seek to mitigate this risk by pricing our debt investments with floating interest rates to maintain the spread of
our portfolio over the cost of leverage. If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to
minimize our exposure to interest rate fluctuations, which we have not done. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest
rates or hedging transactions could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect
on our investment income, net of borrowing expenses. 

 Inflation 

 Certain
of our partner companies may be impacted by inflation. If such partner companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs
along to their customers, it could adversely affect their results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our
loans. In addition, any projected future decreases in our partner companies operating results due to inflation could adversely
impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future unrealized
losses and therefore reduce carrying value of our net assets. 

35 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 SWK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Contents 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #207) 
 
 37 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 
 39 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Income 
 
 40 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 41 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 42 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 43 

36 

Report
Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 SWK
Holdings Corporation 

 Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SWK
Holdings Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

 Critical
Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

 Valuation
of Finance Receivables 

 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company s consolidated finance receivables balance was 236.6 million as of December 31, 2022, which is net of the allowance for
credit losses of 11.8 million. The Company generated 35.5 million of finance receivable interest income, including fees during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The Company s finance receivables are stated at amortized cost, net of unamortized origination fees, if
any. Interest income on the finance receivables is recorded on an accrual basis based on the effective interest rate method to the extent
that the Company expects to collect such amounts. The Company evaluates the collectability of both interest and principal for each finance
receivable to determine whether it is impaired. A finance receivable is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and
events, the Company determines it is probable that it will be unable to collect amounts due according to existing contractual terms. When
a loan is considered to be impaired, the amount of loss is calculated by comparing the carrying value of the finance receivable to the
value determined by discounting the expected future cash flows. If actual cash flows were to be substantially lower than estimated, there
could be a significant adverse impact on the carrying value of the finance receivables and results of operations. 

37 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing
procedures relating to valuation of the finance receivables is a critical audit matter are its overall impact on the consolidated financial
statements, including the realization of the Company s deferred tax assets, and the significant amount of judgement by management
in developing the assumptions of the expected future cash flows, which in turn led to significant auditor judgement, subjectivity, and
effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the expected future cash flows. Additionally, for certain
finance receivables, there may be limited historical data with which to evaluate the expected future cash flows. 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating
audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among
others, evaluating management s process and valuation method for developing the estimate of expected cash flows of its finance receivables
and potential credit losses, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the estimate, and evaluating management s
assumptions used to estimate future cash flows. Evaluating management s assumptions used to estimate future cash flows for reasonableness
involved considering historical cash flows from the Company s finance receivable portfolio, comparing prior period estimates to
actual results of the same period, publicly available information which supports or is to the contrary of the estimated future cash flows
and determining whether the estimated cash flows used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

 /s/

PCAOB
Number: 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

March 31,
2023 

38 

SWK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Interest and accounts receivable, net 

Marketable investments 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Finance receivables, net 

Collateral on foreign currency forward contract 

Marketable investments 

Cost method investment 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Warrant assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Revolving credit facility 

Total current liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

39 

S WK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 (In
thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Finance receivable interest income, including fees 

Pharmaceutical development 

Other 

Total revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Provision for credit losses 

Interest expense 

Pharmaceutical manufacturing, research and development expense 

General and administrative 

Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Unrealized net gain on warrants 

Unrealized net (loss) gain on equity securities 

Realized loss on sale of investments 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

Income before income tax (benefit) expense 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

Net income 

Net income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

40 

SWK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
thousands, except share data) 

Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balances
 at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Issuance
 of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock 

Net
 settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options 

Stock
 options exercised, net 

Net
 income 

Balances
 at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Issuance
 of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock 

Forfeiture
 of unvested restricted stock 

Net
 settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options 

Stock
 options exercised, net 

Repurchases
 of common stock in open market 

Net
 income 

Balances
 at December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

41 

SWK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Provision for credit losses 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Right-of-use asset amortization 
 229 
 250 
 
 Deferred income taxes 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

Foreign currency transaction loss 

Loss on sale of marketable securities 

Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

Loan discount and fee accretion 

Interest paid-in-kind 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest and accounts receivable 

Derivative assets and liabilities, net 

Collateral on forward currency exchange contract 
 (2,750 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of marketable investments 

Cash received from settlement of warrants and equity securities 

Investment in finance receivables 

Repayment of finance receivables 

Corporate debt securities principal payments 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net settlement for employee taxes on restricted stock and options 

Repurchases of common stock, including fees and expenses 

Net proceeds from (payments on) credit facility 

Payment of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental noncash flow activity: 

Warrants received in connection with finance receivables 

Cash paid for interest 

Fair value of common stock received in connection with payoff of term loan 

Fair value of common stock received upon exercise of warrant 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

42 

SWK
HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.-based business segments: its specialty finance and asset management business offering
customized financing solutions to a broad range of life-sciences companies, and its business offering oral therapeutic formulation
solutions built around Enteris pharmaceutical Peptelligence platform, which enables the oral delivery of molecules
that are typically injected, including peptides and BCS Class II, III, and IV small molecules in an enteric-coated tablet formulation. 

Based
on the Company s 2022 goodwill impairment testing, no goodwill impairment was indicated as of December 31, 2022. 

 million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are
reflected in current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

If
it is determined that a loan should be transferred from HFI to HFS, then the balance is transferred at the lower of cost or fair
value. At the time of transfer, a write-down of the loan is recorded as an impairment when the carrying amount exceeds fair value
and the difference relates to credit quality. Otherwise the write-down is recorded as a reduction in finance receivable interest
income, and any loan loss reserve is reversed. Once classified as HFS, the amount by which the carrying value exceeds fair value
is recorded as a valuation allowance and is reflected as a reduction to finance receivable interest income. 

 If
it is determined that a loan should be transferred from HFS to HFI, the loan is transferred at the lower of cost or fair value
on the transfer date, which coincides with the date of change in management s intent. The difference between the carrying
value of the loan and the fair value, if lower, is reflected as a loan discount at the transfer date, which reduces its carrying
value. Subsequent to the transfer, the discount is accreted into earnings as an increase to finance revenue interest income over
the life of the loan using the effective interest method. 

 The
Company accounts for its finance receivables at amortized cost, net of unamortized origination fees, if any. Related fees and
costs are recorded net of any amounts reimbursed, and interest is accreted or accrued to interest revenue using the effective
interest method. When and if supplemental payments are received from these long-term receivables, an adjustment to the estimated
effective interest rate is affected prospectively. 

 The
Company evaluates the collectibility of both interest and principal for each loan to determine whether it is impaired. A loan
is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, the Company determines it is probable that it will
be unable to collect amounts due according to the existing contractual terms. When a loan is considered to be impaired, the amount
of loss is calculated by comparing the carrying value of the financial asset to the value determined by discounting the expected
future cash flows at the loan s effective interest rate or to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, less
costs to sell, if the loan is collateralized and the Company expects repayment to be provided solely by the collateral. Impairment
assessments require significant judgments and are based on significant assumptions related to the borrower s credit risk,
financial performance, expected sales, and estimated fair value of the collateral. 

Other
Receivables 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had collateral receivable of 2.8 million with the counterparties on its foreign currency exchange
contract and is recorded as collateral on foreign currency forward contract in the consolidated balance sheets. 

and 
million , respectively, and is classified as current deferred revenue and is included in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company evaluates collaboration agreements with respect to FASB ASC Topic 808, Collaborative Arrangements , considering
the nature and contractual terms of the arrangement and the nature of its business operations to determine the classification
of the transactions. When the Company is an active participant in the activity and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent
on the commercial success of the collaboration, it will record its transactions on a gross basis in the consolidated financial
statements and describe the rights and obligations under the collaborative arrangement in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

 Exclusive
Licenses 

 If
the license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other promises or performance obligations
identified in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue from non-refundable, upfront fees allocated to the license when
the license is transferred to the customer and the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. In assessing whether
a promise or performance obligation is distinct from the other promises, the Company considers factors such as the research, manufacturing
and commercialization capabilities of the collaboration partner; the retention of any key rights by the Company; and the availability
of the associated expertise in the general marketplace. In addition, the Company considers whether the collaboration partner can
benefit from a promise for its intended purpose without the receipt of the remaining promises, whether the value of the promise
is dependent on the unsatisfied promise, whether there are other vendors that could provide the remaining promise, and whether
it is separately identifiable from the remaining promise. For licenses that are combined with other promises, the Company exercises
judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation
is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
revenue. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance
and related revenue recognition. The measure of progress, and thereby periods over which revenue should be recognized, are subject
to estimates by management and may change over the course of the research and development and licensing agreement. Such a change
could have a material impact on the amount of revenue the Company records in future periods. 

 Customer
Options 

 If
an arrangement is determined to contain customer options that allow the customer to acquire additional goods or services, the
goods and services underlying the customer options are not considered to be performance obligations at the outset of the arrangement,
as they are contingent upon option exercise. The Company evaluates the customer options for material rights, or options to acquire
additional goods or services for free or at a discount. If the customer options are determined to represent a material right,
the material right is recognized as a separate performance obligation at the outset of the arrangement. The Company allocates
the transaction price to material rights based on the relative standalone selling price, which is determined based on the identified
discount and the probability that the customer will exercise the option. Amounts allocated to a material right are not recognized
as revenue until, at the earliest, the option is exercised. 

 Research
and Development Services 

 The
promises under the Company s collaboration agreements may include research and development services to be performed by the
Company on behalf of the partner. Payments or reimbursements resulting from the Company s research and development efforts
are recognized as the services are performed and presented on a gross basis because the Company is the principal for such efforts.
Reimbursements from and payments to the partner that are the result of a collaborative relationship with the partner, instead
of a customer relationship, such as co-development activities, are recorded as a reduction to research and development expense. 

 Milestone
Payments 

 At
the inception of each arrangement that includes development milestone payments, the Company evaluates whether the milestones are
considered probable of being achieved and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount
method. If it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur, the associated milestone value is included in the
transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the control of the Company or the licensee, such as regulatory approvals,
are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. The Company evaluates factors such as the scientific,
clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be overcome to achieve the particular milestone in making this assessment.
There is considerable judgment involved in determining whether it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur.
At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company reevaluates the probability of achievement of all milestones subject
to constraint and, if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are recorded on a
cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. 

Royalties 

 For
arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on a level of sales, and the license is deemed
to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related
sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied
(or partially satisfied). To date, the Company has not recognized any royalty revenue resulting from any of its licensing arrangements. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Weighted-average diluted shares 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock and outstanding shares of restricted stock
in an aggregate of approximately and , respectively, have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net income
per share, as such securities were anti-dilutive. 

In
March 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures, 
which updates the requirements for accounting for credit losses under Accounting Standards Codification 326, eliminates the accounting
guidance on troubled debt restructurings for creditors, and enhances creditors disclosure requirements related to loan
refinancings and restructurings for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The ASU also amends the guidance on vintage disclosures
to require disclosure of gross write-offs by year of origination. The amendments are effective in periods beginning after December
15, 2022 using either a prospective or modified retrospective transition. Early adoption of certain or all of the amendments is
permitted. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326). This ASU
adds an impairment model, known as the current expected credit loss CECL model, that is based on expected losses
rather than incurred losses. Under this guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses,
which the FASB believes will result in more timely recognition of losses. This ASU describes the impairment allowance as a valuation
account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount
expected to be collected on the financial asset. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities should be measured
in a manner similar to current GAAP; however, the amendments in this update require that credit losses be presented as an allowance
rather than as a write-down, which will allow an entity the ability to record reversals of credit losses in current period net
income. On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives
and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates, which finalized various effective date delays for private
companies, not-for-profit organizations, and certain smaller reporting companies. Under ASU 2019-10, the effective date for implementation
of CECL for smaller reporting companies was extended to fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2022. 

The
Company will adopt the new CECL model effective January 1, 2023, using the modified retrospective approach for all financial assets measured
at amortized cost, as well as off-balance sheet credit exposures such a unfunded commitments. The Company has developed a methodology
and model to be used upon adoption. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Finance Receivables totaled 236.6 million with
a corresponding allowance for loan losses of 11.8 million under current GAAP. Management evaluated the calculation of its allowance
under ASU 2016-13 parallel to its current modeling, and the Company estimates the adoption of the new guidance will result in an increase
to the allowance for credit losses, including the reserve for off-balance sheet credit exposure (please see Note 7 for further details
on the Company s off-balance sheet credit exposure), between 1.0 million and 2.0 million. 

 For
other assets within the scope of Topic 326, such as accounts and other receivables, management expects the adoption of this standard
to have an immaterial impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. As the Company finalizes its implementation of
ASU 2016-13, final decisions by management may result in a different impact than that stated above for financial statement and
disclosure purposes. 

10 
 
 Trade names and trademarks 

10 
 
 Customer relationships 

10 
 
 Total intangible assets 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross Book 
 Value 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Net Book Value 
 Estimated Useful 
Life 
 
 License Agreement (1) 

10 
 
 Trade names and trademarks 

10 
 
 Customer relationships 

10 
 
 Total intangible assets 

(1) 

Amortization
expense was million and
 million for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
respectively, and was recorded in the consolidated statements of net income. Based on amounts recorded at December 31, 2022,
the Company will recognize acquired intangible asset amortization as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million is associated with the Company s Cambia royalty, 
million is associated with the Company s Besivance royalty, and 3.5 million is associated with the
Company s TRT cost-method investment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a full reserve against its cost method investment due to
weaker than anticipated operational results. The remaining 
million is related to the Best ABT, Inc. Best ), second lien term loan that was recognized in order to reflect
the Best royalty at its estimated fair value. Approximately 23,906 of cash receipts received from the Company s
Besivance royalty during the year ended December 31, 2022 were applied toward the allowance for credit losses. 

Royalty purchases 

Total before allowance for credit losses 

Allowance for credit losses 

Total carrying value 

Credit
Quality of Finance Receivables 

 The
Company originates finance receivables to companies primarily in the life sciences sector. This concentration of credit exposes
the Company to a higher degree of risk associated with this sector. 

 On
a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the carrying value of each finance receivable for impairment. A term loan is considered
to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is determined that the Company will not be able to collect the
amounts due according to the loan contract, including scheduled interest payments. This evaluation is generally based on delinquency
information, an assessment of the borrower s financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, if any. The Company would
generally place term loans on nonaccrual status when the full and timely collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain
and they are 90 days past due for interest or principal, unless the term loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection.
When placed on nonaccrual, the Company would reverse any accrued unpaid interest receivable against interest income and amortization
of any net deferred fees is suspended. Generally, the Company would return a term loan to accrual status when all delinquent interest
and principal become current under the terms of the credit agreement and collectibility of remaining principal and interest is
no longer doubtful. In certain circumstances, the Company may place a finance receivable on nonaccrual status but conclude it
is not impaired. The Company may retain independent third-party valuations on such nonaccrual positions to support impairment
decisions. 

 Receivables
associated with royalty stream purchases would be considered to be impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable
to collect the book value of the remaining investment based upon adverse changes in the estimated underlying royalty stream. 

 When
the Company identifies a finance receivable as impaired, it measures the impairment based on the present value of expected future
cash flows, discounted at the receivable s effective interest rate, or the estimated fair value of the collateral, less
estimated costs to sell. If it is determined that the value of an impaired receivable is less than the recorded investment, the
Company would recognize impairment with a charge to the allowance for credit losses. When the value of the impaired receivable
is calculated by discounting expected cash flows, interest income would be recognized using the receivable s effective interest
rate over the remaining life of the receivable. 

The
Company individually develops the allowance for credit losses for any identified impaired loans. In developing the allowance for
credit losses, the Company considers, among other things, the following credit quality indicators: 

business
characteristics and financial conditions of obligors; 

current
economic conditions and trends; 

actual
charge-off experience; 

current
delinquency levels; 

value
of underlying collateral and guarantees; 

regulatory
environment; and 

any
other relevant factors predicting investment recovery. 

Royalty purchases 

Total carrying value 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had three finance receivables in nonaccrual status: (1) the term loan to Flowonix Medical, Inc. Flowonix ), with a
net carrying value of million ; (2) the Best royalty, with a net carrying value of million ; and (3) the Ideal Implant, Inc. Ideal royalty, with a net carrying value of million . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had three finance receivables in nonaccrual status: (1) the term loan to Flowonix Medical, Inc.,
with a net carrying value of million ; (2) the term loan with B D Dental Corporation B D ), with a carrying amount of million ; and (3) the Best royalty, with a carrying amount of million . Although in nonaccrual status, none of the finance receivables were considered impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company
collected 0.8 million and 1.2 million on its nonaccrual finance receivables during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Capitalized software 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense on property and equipment was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Equity securities 

Total marketable investments 

December 31, 2021 

Fair value of common stock received upon exercise of warrant to purchase stock 

Proceeds received on sale/tender of common stock 

Realized net loss on sale/tender of equity securities reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income 

Equity
Securities 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised its right to purchase Harrow Health, Inc. Harrow common
stock. Upon exercise, the Company received 306,347 shares of Harrow common stock with a fair value of 3.7 million, or 11.97
per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold its shares of Harrow and Bioventus common stock and received
proceeds of 3.7 million and 0.5 million, respectively. 

million was outstanding under the credit facility, and million was available for
borrowing. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million , respectively,
of interest expense. 

for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The office lease expires in May
2025. 

 The
Enteris headquarters is located in Boonton, New Jersey, where Enteris leases approximately 32,000 square feet of space. Total
rent expense recognized under the lease was million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The office
lease expires in December 2024 with an option to renew for an additional five years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Contingent
Consideration 

 The
Company recorded contingent consideration related to the 2019 acquisition of Enteris and sharing of certain milestone and royalties due
to Enteris pursuant to the License Agreement. Contingent consideration is remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingency
is resolved, with changes in the estimated fair value recognized in earnings. The estimated fair value of contingent consideration as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 11.2 million and 8.5 million, respectively. The company recognized 5.2 million of remeasurement
expense on the change in the estimated fair value of its contingent consideration during year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Unfunded
Commitments 

MedMinder Systems, Inc. 

Duo Royalty 

Sincerus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Total unfunded commitments 

Per
the terms of the royalty purchase or credit agreements, unfunded commitments are contingent upon reaching an established revenue
threshold or other performance metrics on or before a specified date or period of time, and in the case of loan transactions,
are subject to being advanced as long as an event of default does not exist. 

Litigation 

 The
Company is involved in, or has been involved in, arbitrations or various other legal proceedings that arise from the normal course
of its business. The ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain, and either unfavorable or favorable outcomes could have
a material impact on the Company s results of operations, balance sheets and cash flows due to defense costs, and divert
management resources. The Company cannot predict the timing or outcome of these claims and other proceedings. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company is not involved in any arbitration and/or other legal proceeding that it expects to have a material
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Indemnification 

 As
permitted by Delaware law, the Company has agreements whereby it indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or
occurrences while the officer or director is, or was, serving in such capacity, or in other capacities at the Company s
request. The term of the indemnification period is for the officer s or director s lifetime. The maximum potential
amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however,
the Company has a director and officer insurance policy that limits its exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion
of any such amounts. As a result of the Company s insurance policy coverage, the Company believes the estimated fair value
of these indemnification agreements is insignificant. Accordingly, the Company had no liabilities recorded for these agreements
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

par value, that the Company is authorized to issue is . 

 Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

 On
May 31, 2022, the Board authorized a share repurchase program under which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to million of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock, from
time to time until May 15, 2023, through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations,
including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the program
will depend on several factors, including the constraints specified in the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, price, and general market
conditions. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that will be repurchased under the trading plan. Our Board
may also suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time, in its sole discretion. The purchase period is July 1, 2022
through May 15, 2023. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 
 shares under the share repurchase program
at a total cost of 1.1 million, or 17.78 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares
that may yet be purchased under the plan was approximately 8.9 million, or 650,385 shares of common stock. 

 Preferred
Stock 

 The
Company s Board may, without further action by the stockholders, issue one or more series of preferred stock and fix the
rights and preferences of those shares, including the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, exchange rights, voting
rights, terms of redemption, redemption price or prices, liquidation preferences, the number of shares constituting any series
and the designation of such series. As of December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock have been issued. 

 Stock
Compensation Plans 

 The
Company s 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan provides for options, restricted stock,
and other customary forms of equity to be granted to the Company s directors, officers, employees, and independent contractors.
All forms of equity incentive compensation are granted at the discretion of the Board and have a term not greater than 10 years
from the date of grant. 

 The
calculation of the fair values of our stock-based compensation plans requires estimates that require management s judgments.
Under ASC 718, the fair value of each stock option is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The valuation models require assumptions and estimates to determine expected volatility, expected life and expected risk-free
interest rates. The expected volatility was determined using historical volatility of our stock based on the contractual life
of the award. The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury strips at the award grant
date. There were no options granted in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

5.6 

Options canceled and retired 

Options exercised 

Options granted 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

5.7 

Options canceled and retired 

Options exercised 

Options granted 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

6.3 

Options vested and exercisable and expected to be vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

6.3 

Options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

6.3 

At
December 31, 2022, there were approximately 770,334 shares reserved for issuance under the 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Company
had 47,000 of total unrecognized stock option expense for time-based awards, net of estimated forfeitures, which will be recognized
over the weighted-average remaining period of 4.1 years. 

3.5 

12.50 
 
 6.4 

12.50 
 
 6.4 

16.29 
 
 7.3 

16.29 
 
 7.4 

16.29 
 
 7.5 

Total 
 
 6.3 

Employee
stock-based compensation expense recognized for time-vesting options for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, uses the
Black-Scholes option pricing model for estimating the fair value of options granted under the Company s equity incentive
plans. Risk-free interest rates for the options were taken from the Daily Federal Yield Curve Rates on the grant dates for the
expected life of the options as published by the Federal Reserve. The expected volatility was based upon historical data and other
relevant factors such as the Company s changes in historical volatility and its capital structure, in addition to mean reversion.
Employee stock-based compensation expense recognized for market performance-vesting options uses a binomial lattice model for
estimating the fair value of options granted under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

 In
calculating the expected life of stock options, the Company determines the amount of time from grant date to exercise date for
exercised options and adjusts this number for the expected time to exercise for unexercised options. The expected time to exercise
for unexercised options is calculated from grant as the midpoint between the expiration date of the option and the later of the
measurement date or the vesting date. In developing the expected life assumption, all amounts of time are weighted by the number
of underlying options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s Board approved the modification of the previous CEO s stock options with respect
to 100,000 Shares with an exercise price of 13.70 per share pursuant to an award agreement dated August 18, 2014. The Company
and the previous CEO agreed that (i) 50 percent of the 2014 award has already vested due to the satisfaction of time-based vesting
conditions set forth in the 2014 award agreement, and a cashless exercise of the 2012 award was facilitated by net settlement
of exercise price and taxes. The remaining 50 percent of the 2014 award that had not vested as of December 31, 2021 was forfeited
as of the date on which the previous CEO separated from the Company, or September 30, 2022. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, restricted shares were granted and restricted shares vested. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, restricted shares were granted and restricted shares vested. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were 71,339 and 74,221 shares of restricted stock outstanding, respectively. 

 In
September 2022, the Board approved a change in the compensation plan for non-employee directors such that each non-employee director
shall receive a cash retainer of 55,000, payable quarterly in arrears. The Board will also receive an annual equity retainer
of 55,000 in restricted shares of the Company s common stock, subject to a one-year cliff vesting period. In addition, each member
of (i) the Audit Committee shall receive an additional quarterly fee of 10,000, with the Audit Committee Chair receiving 15,000;
(ii) the Compensation Committee shall receive an additional quarterly fee of 6,000, with the Compensation Committee Chair receiving
 8,000; and (iii) the Governance Committee shall receive an additional quarterly fee of 6,000, with the Governance Committee
Chair receiving 8,000. Each non-employee director has the option to elect to receive up to 100 percent of the annual cash retainer
in shares of the Company s common stock. 

 During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board approved compensation for Board services by granting and shares,
respectively, of common stock as compensation for the non-employee directors. The Board also received 9,151 restricted shares
as compensation for the non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded million in Board
stock-based compensation expense during both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recorded aggregate stock-based
compensation expense, including the quarterly and annual Board grants, of 0.5 million and 1.2 million during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the acquisition-related contingent consideration was 11.2 million and 8.5 million, respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 5.2 million of expense and 0.3 million of income, respectively,
for the change in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The Company made payments of 2.5 million and 8.1 million
against the contingent consideration liability during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Marketable
Investments 

 If
active market prices are available, fair value measurement is based on quoted active market prices and, accordingly, these securities
would be classified as Level 1. If active market prices are not available, fair value measurement is based on observable inputs
other than quoted prices included within Level 1, such as prices for similar assets or broker quotes utilizing observable inputs,
and accordingly these securities would be classified as Level 2. If market prices are not available and there are no observable
inputs, then fair value would be estimated by using valuation models including discounted cash flow methodologies, commonly used
option-pricing models and broker quotes. Such securities would be classified as Level 3, if the valuation models and broker quotes
are based on inputs that are unobservable in the market. If fair value is based on broker quotes, the Company checks the validity
of received prices based on comparison to prices of other similar assets and market data such as relevant bench mark indices.
Available-for-sale securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, while securities with no readily available fair
market value are not, but estimates of fair value are reflected below. 

 Derivative
Instruments 

 For
exchange-traded derivatives, fair value is based on quoted market prices, and accordingly, would be classified as Level 1. For
non-exchange traded derivatives, fair value is based on option pricing models and are classified as Level 3. 
 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a foreign currency forward contract to manage the impact of fluctuations
in foreign currency denominated cash flows expected to be received from one of its royalty finance receivables denominated in a
foreign currency. The foreign currency forward contract is not designated as a hedging instrument, and changes in fair value are
recognized in earnings. The liability related to the derivative instrument was recorded in other non-current liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Marketable investments 

Financial liabilities: 

Contingent consideration payable 

Derivative liability - foreign currency
forward 

The
following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021
(in thousands): 

Total Carrying 
 Value in 
 Consolidated 
Balance Sheets 
 Quoted Prices in 
 Active Markets for 
 Identical Assets or 
 Liabilities (Level 1) 
 Significant Other 
 Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Financial assets: 

Warrant assets 

Marketable investments 

Financial liabilities: 

Contingent consideration payable 

Issuance 

Canceled 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value - December 31, 2021 

Issuance 

Exercised 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value - December 31, 2022 

The
Company holds warrants issued to the Company in conjunction with certain term loan investments. These warrants meet the definition of
a derivative and are included in the consolidated balance sheets. The fair values for warrants outstanding, for companies that
have a readily determinable value, are measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following range of assumptions were
used in the models to determine fair value: 

Risk-free rate 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected life (years) 
 2.0 to 6.9 
 2.6 to 7.0 
 
 Expected volatility 
 to 
 to 

The
Company had two royalties, Best and Cambia , that were deemed to be impaired based on reductions in carrying values in prior
periods. The following table presents these royalties measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 (in thousands): 

December 31, 2021 

There
were no liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The
following information is provided to help readers gain an understanding of the relationship between amounts reported in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the related market or fair value. The disclosures include financial instruments and derivative
financial instruments. 

Marketable investments 

Warrant assets 

Financial liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable 

Derivative liability - foreign currency
forward 
 754 
 754 
 
 754 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Carrying 
Value 
 Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Financial assets: 

Finance receivables 

Marketable investments 

Warrant assets 

Financial liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable 

Pharmaceutical development and other 

Total contract revenue 

The
Company s contract liabilities represent advance consideration received from customers and are recognized as revenue when
the related performance obligation is satisfied. 

Total contract liabilities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of 2021 deferred revenue from satisfaction of performance
obligations. Please refer to Notes 1 and 2 for further details on the Company s deferred revenue and License Agreement, respectively.
The Company did not have any contract assets nor did it have any contract liabilities related to the License Agreement as of December
31, 2022 or 2021. 

Other revenue 

Provision for credit losses and impairment expense 

Interest expense 

Manufacturing, research and development 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

General and administrative 

Other expense, net 

Income tax benefit 

(4,000 
 (4,000 
 
 Consolidated net income (loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Finance 
 Receivables 
 Pharmaceutical 
Development 
and Other 
 Holding 
 Company and 
 Other 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenue 

Other revenue 

Interest expense 

Manufacturing, research and development 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Change in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration 

General and administrative 

Other income, net 

Income tax expense 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Included
in Holdings Company and Other are the expenses of the parent holding company and certain other enterprise-wide overhead costs,
which have been included for purposes of reconciling to the consolidated amounts. 

Deferred (benefit) expense 

Federal 

State 

Total income tax (benefit) expense 

Change in valuation allowance 

State taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Mark-to-market adjustments 
 (88 
 (58 
 
 Tax credits 

Contingent consideration revaluation 

Other 

Write off of deferred tax assets 

Total income tax (benefit) expense 

The
Company records deferred tax assets if the realization of such assets is more likely than not to occur in accordance with accounting
standards that address income taxes. Significant management judgment is required in determining whether a valuation allowance
against the Company s deferred tax assets is required. The Company has considered all available evidence, both positive
and negative, such as historical levels of income and predictability of future forecasts of taxable income from existing investments,
in determining whether a valuation allowance is required. The Company is also required to forecast future taxable income in accordance
with accounting standards that address income taxes to assess the appropriateness of a valuation allowance, which further requires
the exercise of significant management judgment. The Company focuses on forecasting future taxable income for the investment portfolio
that exists as of the balance sheet date. Specifically, the Company evaluated the following criteria when considering a valuation
allowance: 

the
 history of tax net operating losses in recent years; 

predictability
 of operating results; 

profitability
 for a sustained period of time; and 

level
 of profitability on a quarterly basis. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cumulative net income before tax for the three years then ended. Based on its historical operating
performance, the Company has concluded that it was more likely than not that the Company would not be able to realize the full benefit
of the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets in the future. However, at December 31, 2022 the Company has concluded that
it is more likely than not that the Company will be able to realize approximately 24.5 million benefit of the U.S. federal and
state deferred tax assets in the future. 

 The
Company will continue to assess the need for a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets by evaluating both positive and negative
evidence that may exist on a quarterly basis. Any adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be recorded in the consolidated
statements of income for the period that the adjustment is determined to be required. The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets
was 6.7 million and 16.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Net operating losses 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets other than goodwill 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The
Tax Reform Act of 1986 limits the use of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards in certain situations where stock ownership changes
occur. In the event the Company has had a change in ownership, the future utilization of the Company s net operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards could be limited. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had NOL carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately million . The federal
NOL carryforwards, if not offset against future income, will expire by 2037. Approximately 4.0 million can be carried forward
indefinitely. 

The
Company also had federal research carryforwards of 2.9 million. The federal research credits begin to expire in
2023 and will fully expire by 2042. 

 The
Company records liabilities, where appropriate, for all uncertain income tax positions and recognizes potential accrued interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately
 million 
and million ,
respectively, of unrecognized tax benefit, none of which would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company does not expect
the unrecognized tax benefits to change materially over the next twelve months. There are no tax positions for which it is reasonably
possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of December
31, 2022. 

 The
Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state jurisdictions. The Company is currently open to audit under the statute
of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service for the years ending December 31, 1999 through December 31, 2022 due to carryforward
of unutilized net operating losses and research and development credits. The Company does not anticipate significant changes to
its uncertain tax positions through December 31, 2022. 

70 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

 ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

 In
connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this report. 

 Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Our
management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
which (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with appropriate authorization of management and the board of directors, and (iv) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

 In
connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued in 2013, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
As a result of that evaluation, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective based on the criteria set forth in the COSO framework. 

 This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

71 

Inherent
Limitations over Internal Controls 

 Our
system of controls is designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability and integrity of accounting
and financial reporting. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. These inherent limitations
include the following: 

Judgments
 in decision-making can be faulty, and control and process breakdowns can occur because
 of simple errors or mistakes; 

Controls
 can be circumvented by individuals, acting alone or in collusion with each other, or
 by management override; 

The
 design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
 of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
 its stated goals under all potential future conditions; 

Over
 time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration
 in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures; and 

The
 design of a control system must reflect the fact that resources are constrained, and
 the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

 Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

 Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There
have been no changes during the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in our internal control over financial reporting
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION 

 Not
Applicable. 

 ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

 Not
Applicable. 

72 

PART
III 

 We
have omitted from Part III the information that will appear in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which we intend to file within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year pursuant to
Regulation 14A. 

 ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Our
Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer, as well as to the members of our Board and our other officers and employees. This Code of Ethics
and Conduct is available on our website at www.swkhold.com. We intend to satisfy the amendment and waiver disclosure requirements
under applicable securities regulations by posting any amendments of, or waivers to, the Code of Ethics and Conduct on our website. 

 The
information under the principal headings ELECTION OF DIRECTORS, SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE, and CODE OF ETHICS AND CONDUCT, the information regarding executive officers of the Company under
the subheading Executive Officers , and the information regarding the Audit Committee under the subheading Board
Meetings and Committees under the principal heading CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, in the Company s 2023 Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The
information under the principal headings DIRECTOR COMPENSATION, COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER
PARTICIPATION, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION, and RELATED INFORMATION in the Company s 2023
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The
information under the principal headings EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION and OWNERSHIP OF EQUITY SECURITIES
OF THE COMPANY in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The
information under the principal heading TRANSACTION WITH RELATED PERSONS in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement
is incorporated herein by reference. 

 ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The
information under the subheadings Audit Fees and All Other Fees and Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors below the principal heading AUDIT FEES in the
Company s 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

73 

PART
IV 

 ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

 1.
Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #207) 
 37 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 39 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 40 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

2.
Exhibits: See attached Exhibit Index. 

74 

ITEM 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 

75 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 31, 2023. 

SWK
 Holdings Corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Joe D. Staggs 

Joe
 D. Staggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

 KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Joe D. Staggs and Yvette
M. Heinrichson and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution, for
him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them,
or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below as of March 31, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Joe D. Staggs 

Joe
 D. Staggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Yvette M. Heinrichson 

Yvette
 M. Heinrichson 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Jerry Albright 

Jerry
 Albright 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Laurie M. Dotter 

Laurie
 M. Dotter 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert K. Hatcher 

Robert
 K. Hatcher 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Marcus E. Pennington 

Marcus
 E. Pennington 

Director 

76 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

3.01 
 
 Third
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of August 12, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 08/15/22 

3.02 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws, dated as of August 12, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.02 
 
 08/15/22 

4.01 
 
 Form
 of Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.01 
 
 09/21/99 

4.02 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 

X 

10.01 
 
 2010
 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 DEF
 14A 
 
 Appendix
 A 
 
 10/25/19 

10.02 
 
 SWK
 Holdings Corporation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/09/10 

10.03 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2013, among Double Black Diamond, L.P., Double Black Diamond Offshore Ltd., Black
 Diamond Offshore, Ltd. and the Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 09/09/13 

10.04 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated January 28, 2019, between the Company and Winston L. Black III. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/30/19 

10.05 
 
 Royalty
 Agreement, dated April 2, 2013, among SWK Funding LLC, Bess Royalty, L.P. and InSite Vision Incorporated. # 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/01/14 

10.06 
 
 Stockholders 
 Agreement, dated August 18, 2014, among Double Black Diamond Offshore Ltd., Black Diamond Offshore Ltd. and SWK Holdings Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/19/14 

10.07 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Stockholders Agreement dated June 28, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/29/22 

10.08 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Stockholders Agreement dated February 27, 2023 

X 

10.09 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated December 13, 2016, between SWK Funding LLC and Opiant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 03/29/18 

77 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

10.10 
 
 Loan
 and Security Agreement between SWK Holdings Corporation and SWK Funding LLC as Borrowers and Certain Financial Institutions
 as Lenders and State Bank and Trust Company as Agent dated June 29, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/02/18 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated August 26, 2019 by and among SWK Holdings Corporation and Cadence Bank, N.A. 

X 

10.12 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated June 29, 2021 by and among SWK Holdings Corporation and Cadence Bank, N.A. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/29/21 

10.13 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated September 27, 2021 by and among SWK Holdings Corporation and Cadence Bank,
 N.A. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/01/21 

10.14 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 26, 2022, by and among SWK Holdings Corporation, SWK Funding LLC
 and Cadence Bank, N.A. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/28/22 

10.15 
 
 Fifth
 Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement between SWK Holdings Corporation and SWK Funding LLC as Borrowers, and Cadence Bank,
 a Mississippi bank and successor by merger to Cadence Bank, N.A., a 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/22/22 

10.16 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Winston L. Black III 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/08/22 

10.17 
 
 Separation
 and Release Agreement, dated August 31, 2022, by and between the Company and Winston L. Black III. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/09/22 

10.18 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated January 2, 2023 between SWK Holdings Corporation and Jody Staggs 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/03/23 

21.01 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 

X 

23.01 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - BPM LLP 

X 

78 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 
 
 24.01 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

X 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS+ 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH+ 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL+ 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF+ 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB+ 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

101.PRE+ 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management
 contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this report. 

These
 certifications accompany SWK s Annual Report on Form 10-K; they are not deemed filed with the SEC and
 are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing of SWK under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before
 or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings, except to the extent that
 SWK specifically incorporates it by reference. 

# 
 Confidential
 treatment is requested for certain confidential portions of these exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. In
 accordance with Rule 24b-2, these confidential portions have been omitted from these exhibits and filed separately with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission 

+ 
 XBRL
 information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or
 12 of the Securities Act is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise is not subject to
 liability under these sections. 

79 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 e23137_ex4-2.htm

Exhibit 4.2 

Description of Securities Registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act 

The following is a summary of
the material terms of our capital stock. This summary does not purport to be exhaustive and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws and to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Copies of our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws have been filed with the SEC. 

General 

Our authorized capital stock consists
of 255,000,000 shares. The authorized capital stock is divided into 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, and
250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued and outstanding 12,843,157 shares
of common stock, held by approximately 90 stockholders of record. Each share of common stock has the same relative rights as, and is
identical in all respects with, each other share of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock were issued or
outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Holders of common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. Thus, holders
of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for
election. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends that may be declared by our board of directors out of
funds legally available for dividends, subject to any preferential dividend rights of outstanding preferred stock. If we liquidate, dissolve
or wind up, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably all of our assets available after payment of all debts and other
liabilities, subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription,
redemption or conversion rights or any rights to share in any sinking fund. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common
stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any of our outstanding preferred stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series with rights and privileges that might be senior to
our common stock, without the consent of holders of the common stock. Our certificate also authorizes the board of directors to fix the
powers, rights, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions, and dividend, voting and conversion rights pertaining
to each series of preferred stock that we issue. The issuance of preferred stock with voting and other rights may adversely affect the
voting power of the holders of our common stock and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. Except
as described below, we have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Stockholders Agreement 

We entered into a Stockholders 
Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2014, as amended on June 28, 2022 and further amended on March 2, 2023, with funds affiliated with Carlson
Capital that own our common stock, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company granted funds affiliated with Carlson Capital that
own our common stock approval rights with respect to certain transactions including the incurrence of indebtedness over specified amounts,
the sale of assets over specified amounts, declaration of dividends, loans, capital contributions to or investments in any third party
over specified amounts or changes in the size of the board of directors. In addition, the funds affiliated with Carlson Capital that own
our common stock agreed that until the earlier of the fifth anniversary of the Initial Share Issuance or the date such funds and their
affiliates own less than 40 percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock, such funds and their affiliates will not increase their
voting percentage of common stock to greater than 76 percent or cause us to engage in any buybacks in excess of 3 percent of the then
outstanding shares of common stock without offering to acquire all of the then-outstanding common stock at the same price and on the same
terms and conditions. The funds affiliated with Carlson Capital that own our common stock further agreed that, until the earlier of the
fifth anniversary of the Initial Share Issuance, or the date such funds and their affiliates own less than 40 percent of the outstanding
shares of common stock, such funds will not sell shares of common stock to any purchaser that would result in such purchaser having a
voting percentage of common stock in excess of 40 percent (and with neither Carlson Capital and its affiliates nor any other holder of
common stock and its affiliates holding a voting percentage in excess of 40 percent) unless the purchaser contemporaneously makes a binding
offer to acquire all of our then-outstanding common stock, at the same price and on the same terms and conditions as the purchase of shares
from the funds affiliated with Carlson Capital. The funds affiliated with Carlson Capital also agreed that, until the date they and their
affiliates own less than 40 percent of the outstanding shares of common stock, such funds will not engage in a transaction as described
in Rule 13e-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, without offering to acquire all of the then-outstanding common stock
at the same price and on the same terms and conditions. Additionally, until the date the funds affiliated with Carlson Capital and their
affiliates own less than 40 percent of the outstanding shares of common stock, such funds agrees to maintain at least two directors who
are not affiliates of Carlson Capital or us, and agrees that any related party transaction or deregistration of the common stock from
SEC reporting requirements requires the approval of such non-affiliated directors. The stockholders agreement also contains a right
for an affiliate of Carlson Capital to serve as the exclusive standby purchaser for future rights offerings, and a pre-emptive right for
the funds associated with Carlson Capital to purchase their pro rata share of any additional offerings other than such rights offerings. 

The stockholders agreement
also provides that, until the second anniversary of the Initial Share Issuance, we will not seek, negotiate or consummate any sale of
common stock (with certain customary exceptions), except through one or more rights offerings substantially on the same structural terms
as the rights offering. In addition, the funds affiliated with Carlson Capital that own our common stock agreed that until the earlier
of the fifth anniversary of the Initial Share Issuance or the date they own less than 40 percent of the outstanding shares of common stock,
such funds would provide support to us in various ways, including with respect to sourcing financing and other business opportunities. 

Anti-takeover Provisions 

Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law provides that, subject to certain exceptions specified therein, an interested stockholder of a Delaware
corporation may not engage in any business combination with the corporation for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder unless (1) prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either
the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (2) upon
consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85 percent of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding certain
shares), or (3) at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized
at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. Under certain circumstances, Section 203 makes it more difficult for a person who would
be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period, although
the stockholders may elect to exclude a corporation from the restrictions imposed thereunder. Our certificate of incorporation does not
exclude us from the restrictions imposed under Section 203. The provisions of Section 203 may encourage companies interested in acquiring
us to negotiate in advance with our board, since the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if a majority of the directors
then in office approve either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder.
These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that such provisions could make it more
difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and its telephone number is 1-800-962-4284. 

Nasdaq Capital Market 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol SWKH. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 e23137_ex10-8.htm

Exhibit 10.8 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT 

 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2
TO STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT Amendment is made as of March 2, 2023, by and among DOUBLE BLACK DIAMOND OFFSHORE
LTD., a Cayman Islands exempted company, BLACK DIAMOND OFFSHORE LTD, a Cayman Islands exempted company (collectively, the Stockholder ),
and SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Stockholders Agreement (as defined below). 

 WHEREAS , the Company
and the Stockholder are parties to that certain Stockholders Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2014 (as amended, the Stockholders
Agreement ); 

 WHEREAS , pursuant
to Section 10.3 of the Stockholders Agreement, the Stockholders Agreement may be amended by a written instrument executed by the Company
and the Stockholder (collectively, the Requisite Signatories ); and 

 WHEREAS , the undersigned,
representing the Requisite Signatories as of the date hereof, desire to amend the Stockholders Agreement as set forth herein. 

 NOW THEREFORE , in
consideration of the promises and the mutual benefits to the parties arising out of this Amendment, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged by the parties execution and delivery hereof, the parties hereto hereby amend the Stockholders Agreement
as follows. 

 1. 
 Section 6.1(i) of the Stockholders Agreement . 

 Section 6.1(i) of the Stockholders
Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

 2. 
 Miscellaneous . 

 2.1 
 No Additional Changes . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, the terms and provisions
of the Stockholders Agreement shall remain unmodified. 

 2.2 
 Successors and Assigns . The terms
and conditions of this Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and permitted assigns of
the parties. Nothing in this Amendment, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their
respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Amendment,
except as expressly provided in this Amendment. 

 2.3 
 Governing Law . This Amendment and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to the laws of any other jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles
of the State of Delaware. 

 2.4 
 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via
facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. ,
www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered
and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

2.5 
 Titles and Subtitles . The titles and subtitles used in this Amendment are used for convenience
only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Amendment. 

 2.6 
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 

 (Signature Pages Follow) 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Amendment No. 2 to Stockholders Agreement as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Jody Staggs 

Name: 
 Jody Staggs 

Title: 
 President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO Stockholders 
AGREEMENT 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Amendment No. 2 to Stockholders Agreement as of the date first above written. 

 STOCKHOLDER: 

DOUBLE BLACK DIAMOND OFFSHORE LTD. 

BLACK DIAMON OFFSHORE LTD. 

By: 
 Carlson Capital, L.P., their investment manager 

By: 
 /s/ Marcus Pennington 

Name: 
 Marcus Pennington 

Title: 
 Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO Stockholders 
AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 e23137_ex10-11.htm

Exhibit 10.11 

FIRST AMENDMENT
TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

 THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made and entered into this 26th day of August,
2019, by and among SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation Holdings ), SWK FUNDING LLC , a
Delaware limited liability company SWK , and together with Holdings and each other Person party hereto as a borrower
from time to time, collectively, Borrowers and each a Borrower ), the financial institutions party
to the Loan Agreement (as defined below) as Lenders Lenders ), and CADENCE BANK, N.A ., a national
banking association and successor-by-merger to State Bank and Trust Company, a Georgia banking corporation, as agent for Lenders (in
such capacity, Agent ). 

 Recitals : 

 Agent,
Lenders, and Borrowers are parties to a certain Loan and Security Agreement dated June 29, 2018 (as at any time amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified, the Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which Agent and Lenders have and may from time to time make loans
and other financial accommodations to Borrowers. 

 Borrowers
have advised Lender of their intent to enter into the following restructuring and acquisition transactions (collectively, the Subject
Transactions ): 

 (i) on
or about August 14, 2019, the formation by Holdings of a new Subsidiary, SWK Products Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Products ); 

 (ii) on
or about August 14, 2019, the formation by Products of a new Subsidiary, SWK Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger
Sub ); 

 (iii) on
or about August 26, 2019, the acquisition by Products of one hundred percent (100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of
Enteris Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Enteris ), from EBP Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), by virtue of the merger of Merger Sub with and into Enteris (and with Enteris continuing as the surviving
entity) (such merger, the Enteris Merger pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August
26, 2019 (the Merger Agreement ), among Enteris, Products, Merger Sub, Seller, and various holders of the Equity
Interests of Seller, and certain agreements and other documents entered into in connection with the Merger Agreement (such agreements
and other documents, together with the Merger Agreement, collectively, the Merger Documents and each a Merger
Document ); 

 (iv) in
connection with the closing of the Enteris Merger, the making by Holdings of an investment in Products in an amount equal to 21,500,000
plus reasonable third-party legal expenses, reasonable professional fees and amounts attributable to post-closing net working capital
adjustments as provided for in the Merger Agreement (collectively, the Merger Consideration ), the proceeds of which
will be used by Products to pay the purchase price consideration for the Enteris Merger and pay other closing costs described in Section
2.10(a) of the Merger Agreement (the Holdings Investment ); 

 (v) prior
to the consummation of the Enteris Merger, Enteris will have entered into the Cara License (as defined in the Loan Agreement after giving
effect to this Amendment) and made an in-kind distribution of rights to a portion of certain payments under the Cara License pursuant
to the Cara License Payment Agreement (as defined in the Loan Agreement after giving effect to this Amendment); 

- 1 - 

(vi) prior
to the consummation of the Enteris Merger, Enteris will have formed three (3) new Subsidiaries, Enteris Product Sub Ova LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, Enteris Product Sub Tob LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Enteris Product Sub Oct LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (such Subsidiaries, collectively, the Enteris Subsidiaries ), and Enteris will have contributed
to the Enteris Subsidiaries certain assets of Enteris related to each of the three drug development candidates described in the definition
of Specified Subsidiary Profit Distribution Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement after giving effect to this Amendment) (collectively,
the Enteris Asset Contributions ); and 

 (vii) prior
to the consummation of the Enteris Merger, a portion of the Equity Interests of each Enteris Subsidiary will be distributed by Enteris
to Seller. 

 Borrowers
have requested that Agent and Lenders waive compliance with certain provisions of the Loan Agreement in order to permit the Subject Transactions
and amend the Loan Agreement in certain respects in connection with the Subject Transactions. Agent and Lenders are willing to accommodate
Borrowers request on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Amendment. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, for TEN DOLLARS 10.00) in hand paid and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby severally acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used in this
Amendment, unless otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. As used herein, the
term New Guarantors means, collectively, Products and Enteris. 

 2. Consent
to Certain Subject Transactions; Waiver of Certain Requirements . Subject to satisfaction
of the Conditions Precedent (as defined below), Agent and Lenders hereby waive compliance with the following provisions of the Loan Agreement
solely for the applicable purposes described in this paragraph: (a) Section 9.2.4 , solely to the extent necessary to permit (i)
Holdings to make the Holdings Investment, so long as the aggregate amount of such investment does not exceed the Merger Consideration
and no Loan proceeds are used to fund any portion thereof, and (ii) Enteris to make the Enteris Asset Contributions to the Enteris Subsidiaries;
(b) Section 9.2.7 , solely to the extent necessary to permit Merger Sub to be merged with and into Enteris, with Enteris continuing
as the surviving entity; and (c) Section 9.2.9 , solely to the extent necessary to permit (i) Holdings to form Products, (ii)
Products to form Merger Sub, (iii) Merger Sub to be merged with and into Enteris, with Enteris continuing as the surviving entity, and
(iv) Enteris to form each of the Enteris Subsidiaries. In addition, subject to satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent (as defined below),
this Amendment constitutes Agent s waiver in writing of the requirement under Section 9.2.9 of the Loan Agreement that the
Enteris Subsidiaries become Guarantors and pledge their assets to Agent pursuant to documentation satisfactory to Agent. Nothing in this
Section 2 shall be deemed to amend or modify any provision of any Loan Document. 

 3. Amendments
to Loan Agreement . Subject to satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent (as defined below),
the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

 (a) By
adding the following new definitions to Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement in the proper alphabetical order: 

 Cadence 
means CADENCE BANK, N.A., a national banking association. 

 Cara 
means Cara Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

- 2 - 

Cara
License means the license by Enteris of Enteris Peptelligence drug formulation technology to Cara for use with
the CR845 oral drug candidate being developed by Cara pursuant to the Cara License Agreement. 

 Cara
License Agreement means that certain Non-Exclusive License Agreement dated August 20, 2019, between Enteris and Cara. 

 Cara
License Payment means any payment received from Cara by Enteris under the Cara License. 

 Cara
License Payment Agreement means that certain letter agreement dated as of August 26, 2019, between Enteris and Enteris Seller
related to the allocation of certain payments under the Cara License, as in effect on the First Amendment Date. 

 Enteris 
means Enteris Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation and successor by merger to Enteris Merger Sub. 

 Enteris
Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 26, 2019, among Enteris, Products, Merger
Sub, Enteris Seller, and various holders of the Equity Interests of Seller, as in effect on the First Amendment Date. 

 Enteris
Merger Sub means SWK Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

 Enteris
Seller means EBP Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

 Enteris
Subsidiary means each of the following Subsidiaries of Enteris: (i) Enteris Product Sub Ova LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, (ii) Enteris Product Sub Tob LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (iii) Enteris Product Sub Oct LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company. 

 Enteris
Subsidiary Operating Agreement means, with respect to any Enteris Subsidiary, the operating agreement entered into between
Enteris and Enteris Seller, as in effect on the First Amendment Date (subject to amendments thereto to which Agent has provided its prior
written consent). 

 First
Amendment means that certain First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated the First Amendment Date, among Borrowers,
Agent and Lenders. 

 First
Amendment Date means August 26, 2019. 

 Future
Peptelligence Licenses means any non-exclusive license (or proposed non-exclusive license) by Enteris to a third party
(other than Enteris Seller) whereby such third party gains access to Enteris Peptelligence drug formulation technology for
use in a drug development candidate in exchange for certain milestone payments and royalties payable to Enteris. 

 Future
Peptelligence Payment means any payment of royalties, milestones, fees and other amounts payable to Enteris under any
Future Peptelligence Licenses. 

 Products 
means SWK Products Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

- 3 - 

Specified
Cara License Amount means, with respect to any Cara License Payment, an amount equal to the percentage undivided interest
of Enteris Seller in such Cara License Payment as provided in the Cara License Payment Agreement. 

 Specified
Cara License Payment means, in connection with the receipt by Enteris of any Cara License Payment, a payment by Enteris to
Enteris Seller pursuant to the Cara License Payment Agreement in an amount not exceeding the Specified Cara License Amount with respect
to such Cara License Payment. 

 Specified
Subsidiary Profit Distribution Amount means, with respect to any distribution of profits by an Enteris Subsidiary in relation
to any one of the following drug development candidates or licenses thereof: Enteris Ovarest drug product,
Enteris Tobrate drug product, or Enteris octreotide oral drug candidate, an amount equal to such percentage
of undivided interest as Enteris Seller may have in such distribution of profits as provided in the applicable Enteris Subsidiary Operating
Agreement of the amount of such distribution. 

 (b) By
deleting the definitions of Permitted Purchase Money Debt and Pledge Agreement in Section 1.1 of the
Loan Agreement in their entireties and by substituting in lieu thereof the following: 

 Permitted
Purchase Money Debt means Purchase Money Debt of (i) a Borrower that is unsecured or secured only by a Purchase Money Lien,
not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate for all Borrowers at any time and (ii) Products or Enteris that is unsecured or secured only
by a Purchase Money Lien, not to exceed 4,000,000 in aggregate for such Guarantors at any time. 

 Pledge
Agreement means each of the following (i) that certain Pledge Agreement dated the Closing Date by and between Agent and Holdings
and acknowledged by SWK, and (ii) that certain Pledge Agreement dated the First Amendment Date by and among Agent, Products and Enteris
and acknowledged by each Enteris Subsidiary. 

 (c) By adding the following sentence to the end of the definition of Material Contract 
in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement, immediately after the period at the end of such definition: 

 For
the avoidance of doubt, the Enteris Merger Agreement constitutes a Material Contract for all purposes under this Agreement. 

 (d) By
(i) deleting the word and at the end of subsection (c) of Section 9.2.1 of the Loan Agreement, (ii) deleting the
period at the end of subsection (d) of Section 9.2.1 of the Loan Agreement and by substituting in lieu thereof a semi-colon followed
by the word and , and (iii) adding the following new subsection (e) to Section 9.2.1 of the Loan Agreement immediately
after subsection (d) thereof: 

 (e) the
obligation of Enteris to make Specified Cara License Payments to Enteris Seller from time to time, so long as no Loan proceeds are used
to make any such payments and such payments are made solely from a Cara License Payment. 

 (e) 
 By (i) deleting the word and at the end of subsection (c) of Section 9.2.2 of
the Loan Agreement, (ii) deleting the period at the end of subsection (d) of Section 9.2.2 of the Loan Agreement and by substituting
in lieu thereof a semi-colon followed by the word and , and (iii) adding the following new subsection (e) to Section
9.2.2 of the Loan Agreement immediately after subsection (d) thereof: 

- 4 - 

(e) (x)
the undivided interest of Enteris Seller in Cara License Payments to the extent not exceeding the applicable Specified Cara License Amount
with respect thereto and (y) the undivided interest of Enteris Seller (as provided in the applicable Enteris Subsidiary Operating Agreement)
in profits received by an Enteris Subsidiary in relation to any one of the following drug development candidates or licenses thereof:
Enteris Ovarest drug product, Enteris Tobrate drug product, or Enteris octreotide oral
drug candidate, to the extent not exceeding the applicable Specified Subsidiary Profit Distribution Amount. 

 (f) By
deleting the phrase except Upstream Payments in Section 9.2.3 of the Loan Agreement and by substituting in lieu
thereof the following phrase: 

 except (i) Upstream Payments and (ii) distributions by Enteris Subsidiaries to Enteris Seller in
accordance with the applicable Enteris Subsidiary Operating Agreement in an amount not to exceed the applicable Specified Subsidiary
Profit Distribution Amount 

 (g) By
deleting clause (b) in Section 9.2.5 of the Loan Agreement and by substituting in lieu thereof the following clause (b): 

 (b) any
disposition of any other assets (including a sale, lease, license, consignment or other transfer or disposition of assets (real or personal,
tangible or intangible) or a disposition of property in connection with a sale-leaseback transaction or synthetic lease, and including
any sale or disposition of Equity Interests by any Subsidiary), except (i) dispositions of Equipment so long as all net proceeds of such
disposition are deposited into a Dominion Account maintained at Cadence or, in the case of dispositions of Equipment by Enteris, a Deposit
Account over which Agent has control and (ii) the entering into of Future Peptelligence Licenses upon commercially reasonable terms
and on an arms-length basis so long as (A) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of any such license and (B)
all Future Peptelligence Payments are automatically directed to a Deposit Account over which Agent has a perfected security interest. 

 (h) By deleting the reference to 160,000,000 in Section 9.3.2 of the Loan Agreement
and by substituting in lieu thereof a reference to 145,000,000 . 

 (i) By
(i) deleting the reference to STATE BANK AND TRUST COMPANY , a Georgia banking corporation, as agent for the Lenders Agent 
in the first paragraph of the Loan Agreement in its entirety and by substituting in lieu thereof CADENCE BANK, N.A ., a
national banking association and successor-by-merger to STATE BANK AND TRUST COMPANY , a Georgia banking corporation, as agent
for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, Agent , (ii) deleting each other
reference in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents to State Bank and Trust Company in its entirety (other than
references to State Bank and Trust Company as the predecessor to Cadence Bank, N.A.) and by substituting in lieu thereof Cadence
Bank, N.A. as successor-by-merger to State Bank and Trust Company , and (iii) deleting each other reference in the Loan Agreement
and other Loan Documents to State Bank in its entirety and by substituting in lieu thereof Cadence. 

 (j) By
deleting the Schedules to the Loan Agreement and by substituting in lieu thereof the restated versions of such Schedules attached hereto
as Exhibit A . 

 4. Post-Closing
Obligations . On or before November 26, 2019 (or such later date as Agent may agree to in
writing in its discretion), Borrowers shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Agent (a) a deposit account control agreement, in form
and substance satisfactory to Agent, with respect to each Deposit Account of each New Guarantor (other than a Deposit Account exclusively
used for payroll, payroll taxes or employee benefits, or an account containing not more than 10,000 at any time), duly executed by the
applicable depositary bank, each New Guarantor, and each other Person party thereto and (b) certificates of insurance for the insurance
policies (and applicable endorsements) carried by New Guarantors, each in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 

- 5 - 

5. Ratification and Reaffirmation . Each Borrower
hereby ratifies and reaffirms the Obligations, each of the Loan Documents, and all of such Borrower s covenants, duties, indebtedness
and liabilities under the Loan Documents. 

 6. Acknowledgments and Stipulations . Each Borrower
acknowledges and stipulates that each of the Loan Documents executed by such Borrower creates legal, valid and binding obligations of
such Borrower that are enforceable against such Borrower in accordance with the terms thereof, except as enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; that Cadence Bank, N.A., a
national banking association, as successor-by- merger to State Bank and Trust Company, shall be entitled to all rights and subject to
all obligations of Lender under the Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document; that all of the Obligations are owing and payable without
defense, offset or counterclaim (and to the extent there exists any such defense, offset or counterclaim on the date hereof, the same
is hereby knowingly and voluntarily waived by each Borrower); that the Liens granted by each Borrower in favor of Agent are duly perfected,
first priority Liens, subject only to Permitted Liens that are expressly allowed to have priority over Agent s Liens; and that
the unpaid principal amount of the Revolver Loans as of the opening of business on August 26, 2019, totaled 0.00. 

 7. Representations
and Warranties . Each Borrower represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders, to induce Agent
and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, that no Default or Event of Default exists on the date hereof; that the execution, delivery
and performance of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate or limited liability company action, as applicable,
on the part of such Borrower and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower; that all of the representations
and warranties made by such Borrower in the Loan Agreement are true and correct on the date hereof (except for representations and warranties
that expressly relate to an earlier date); that no event has occurred or circumstance exists that has or could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect and no action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation has been instituted, threatened
or proposed before any court, governmental authority or legislative body to enjoin, restrain or prohibit, or to obtain damages in respect
of, or which is related to or arises out of, this Amendment, the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; that all contributions, investments or other amounts to be paid by Borrowers or their
Subsidiaries in connection with the Subject Transactions will be paid using cash-on- hand of Borrowers or their Subsidiaries and without
using the proceeds of any Loans; that, after giving effect to the Subject Transactions, each Borrower and New Guarantor will be Solvent
and no Default or Event of Default will exist; and that none of the Subject Transactions is violative of applicable law. 

 8. Reference
to Loan Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Loan
Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Loan
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. 

 9. Breach
of Amendment . This Amendment shall be part of the Loan Agreement and a breach of any representation,
warranty or covenant herein shall constitute an Event of Default. 

- 6 - 

10. Conditions
Precedent . The effectiveness of the consents contained in Section 2 hereof and the amendments
contained in Section 3 hereof, in each case, is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent (collectively,
the Conditions Precedent ), in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, unless satisfaction thereof is specifically waived
in writing by Agent: 

 (a) Agent
shall have received counterparts of each of the following, duly executed by each Person party thereto: 

 (i) this Amendment; 

 (ii) a
Continuing Guaranty Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, made by each New Guarantor in favor of Agent; 

 (iii) a
Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, between each New Guarantor and Agent; 

 (iv) a Pledge Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, made by each New Guarantor in favor
of Agent; 

 (v) an
amendment to the Pledge Agreement made by Holdings in favor of Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, between Holdings and
Agent and acknowledged by Products; 

 (vi) a
collateral assignment of rights and sums due under the Merger Documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, made by Products
and Enteris in favor of Agent and acknowledged by Seller; 

 (vii) a
collateral assignment of rights and sums due under the Cara License Agreement (as defined in the Loan Agreement after giving effect to
this Amendment), such collateral assignment being in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and made by Enteris in favor of Agent and
acknowledged by Cara (as defined in the Loan Agreement after giving effect to this Amendment); 

 (viii) 
 a Patent Security Agreement and a Trademark Security Agreement, each in form and substance satisfactory
to Agent, between Enteris and Agent; 

 (ix) a
certificate of a duly authorized officer of each New Guarantor, certifying (A) that attached copies of such New Guarantor s Organic
Documents are true and complete, and in full force and effect, without amendment except as shown; (B) that an attached copy of resolutions
authorizing execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which such New Guarantor is party is true and complete, and that such resolutions
are in full force and effect, were duly adopted, have not been amended, modified or revoked, and constitute all resolutions adopted with
respect to this credit facility; and (C) to the title, name and signature of each Person authorized to sign Loan Documents on behalf
of such New Guarantor; 

 (x) a
Secretary s Certificate of Resolutions of the Board of Directors of Holdings, in the form attached to this Amendment; 

 (xi) a
certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, certifying that (A) attached copies of the Merger Agreement and each other
material Merger Document are true and complete, and in full force and effect, without amendment except as shown, and (B) all conditions
to the effectiveness of the Merger Agreement and the other Merger Documents (other than conditions to be satisfied upon the effectiveness
of this Amendment) been satisfied or waived by the appropriate party; 

- 7 - 

(xii) 
 a written opinion of counsel to New Guarantors, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent; and 

 (xiii) 
 all other agreements, documents, certificates and instruments requested by Agent; 

 (b) Agent shall have received UCC and Lien searches and other evidence satisfactory to Agent that, upon
the effectiveness of the documentation contemplated by this Amendment and the filing by Agent of UCC-1 financing statements naming each
New Guarantor as debtor and Agent as secured party, Agent s Liens will be the only Liens upon the Collateral of each New Guarantor,
except Permitted Liens; 

 (c) Agent shall have received possession of any original documents necessary to perfect and preserve
its Liens in the Collateral of each New Guarantor, including stock certificates with corresponding powers executed in blank; and 

 (d) Agent
shall have received all documentation, certifications and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable
 know your customer (KYC), Beneficial Ownership Regulation and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the
USA PATRIOT Act. 

 11. Expenses of Agent . In consideration of Agent s
and Lenders willingness to enter into this Amendment, Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay, on demand , all costs
and expenses incurred by Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment and any other Loan Documents
executed pursuant hereto and any and all amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, including, without limitation, the reasonable
costs and fees of Agent s legal counsel and any taxes, filing fees and other expenses associated with or incurred in connection
with the execution, delivery or filing of any instrument or agreement referred to herein or contemplated hereby. Borrowers acknowledge
and agree that Agent and the Lenders may, at any time or from time to time in its discretion and without any prior demand on or further
authorization by Borrower, make one or more Revolver Loans to Borrowers under the Loan Agreement, or apply the proceeds of any Revolver
Loan, for the purpose of paying any of the fees, disbursements, costs or expenses described in this section. 

 12. Release
of Claims . To induce Agent and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each Borrower (each
Borrower being referred to herein as a Releasor hereby RELEASES, ACQUITS AND FOREVER DISCHARGES Agent and Lenders, and
all officers, directors, agents, employees, successors and assigns of Agent and Lenders, from any and all liabilities, claims, demands,
actions or causes of action of any kind or nature (if there be any), whether absolute or contingent, disputed or undisputed, at law or
in equity, or known or unknown, that such Releasor now has or ever had against Agent or any Lender arising under or in connection with
any of the Loan Documents or otherwise. Each Releasor represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Releasor has not transferred
or assigned to any Person any claim that such Releasor ever had or claimed to have against Agent or any Lender. 

 13. Effectiveness; Governing Law . This Amendment
shall be effective upon acceptance by Agent in Atlanta, Georgia (notice of which acceptance is hereby waived), whereupon the same shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Georgia, without giving effect to any conflict of law
principles (but giving effect to federal laws relating to national banks). 

 14. No
Novation, etc . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Amendment, nothing herein
shall be deemed to amend or modify any provision of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, each of which shall remain
in full force and effect. This Amendment is not intended to be, nor shall it be construed to create, a novation or accord and satisfaction,
and the Loan Agreement as herein modified shall continue in full force and effect. 

- 8 - 

15. Successors
and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

 16. Further
Assurances . Each Borrower agrees to take such further actions as Agent shall reasonably
request from time to time in connection herewith to evidence or give effect to the amendments set forth herein or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

 17. Miscellaneous . This Amendment may be executed
in any number of counterparts and by different parties to this Amendment on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall
be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any manually executed signature page to
this Amendment delivered by a party by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto.
Section titles and references used in this Amendment shall be without substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not
a part of the agreements among the parties hereto. This Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and may not be amended except in a writing signed by the parties. 

 18. Waiver
of Jury Trial . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby waives
the right to trial by jury in any action, suit, counterclaim or proceeding arising out of or related to this Amendment . 

 [Remainder of
page intentionally left blank; 
signatures appear on the following page(s).] 

- 9 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed under seal, and delivered by their respective duly
authorized officers on the date first written above. 

ATTEST: 
 
 BORROWERS : 

SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

/s/ David Earhart 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Winston Black, III 
 
 David Earhart, Secretary 
 
 Name: 
 Winston Black, III 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 [SEAL] 

ATTEST: 
 
 SWK FUNDING LLC 

By: 
 SWK HOLDINGS CORPORATION, 

its sole manager 

/s/ David Earhart 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Winston Black, III 
 
 David Earhart , Secretary of SWK 
 
 Name: 
 Winston Black, III 
 
 Holdings Corporation, the sole manager of SWK 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

[SEAL] 

[Signatures continue
on the following page.] 

First Amendment to Loan and Security
Agreement (SWK) 

AGENT AND LENDERS : 

CADENCE BANK, N.A .,
as successor-by-merger to 
STATE BANK AND TRUST COMPANY, 
as Agent and a Lender 

By: 
 /s/ B. Earl Garris 

Name: 
 B. Earl Garris 

Title: 
 Vice President 

First Amendment to Loan and Security
Agreement (SWK) 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-21.01>
 5
 e23137_ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.01 

 SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

 The
following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 2022: 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 or Organization 
 
 Ownership
 by SWK 
 Holdings
 Corporation 
 
 SWK
 Funding LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 SWK
 Advisors LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 SWK
 HP Holdings GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 SWK
 Holdings Acquisitions Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 SWK
 Products Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 
 
 Enteris
 BioPharma, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 

80 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 6
 e23137_ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.01 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-248089, 333-208500, 333-150944, 333-142745, 333-136705,
333-113914, 333-104711, 333-64552, 333-59842, 333-55822, 333-35730, 333-32460, 333-93591, 333-92159 and 333-87505) and Form S-3 (Nos.
333-265087 and 333-236329) of SWK Holdings Corporation of our report dated March 31, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements,
which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ BPM LLP 

San Francisco, California 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 7
 e23137_ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.01 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joe D. Staggs, Chief Executive
 Officer of the registrant, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K of SWK Holdings Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report
 does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial
 statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
 for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
 with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
 management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Joe D. Staggs 

Joe
 D. Staggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

81 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 8
 e23137_ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.02 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Yvette M.
 Heinrichson, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SWK Holdings Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control
 over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Yvette M. Heinrichson 

Yvette
 M. Heinrichson 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

82 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 9
 e23137_ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.01 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 AND
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In
connection with the Annual Report of SWK Holdings Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual
period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Joe D. Staggs, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify,pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully
 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Joe D. Staggs 

Joe
 D. Staggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

83 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 10
 e23137_ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.02 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 AND
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In
connection with the Annual Report of SWK Holdings Corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the annual
period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Yvette M. Heinrichson, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Yvette M. Heinrichson 

Yvette
 M. Heinrichson 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

84 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 swkh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 swkh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 swkh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 swkh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

