<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1419951_0001731122-23-000536.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9516848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>268483</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1225668</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4280988</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1496159</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1899661</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000536.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331150802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000536
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Data Storage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				980530147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35384
		FILM NUMBER:		23786919

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 SOUTH SERVICE ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-564-4922

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 SOUTH SERVICE ROAD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Euro Trend Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000536.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 e4530_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________to____________________________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 5(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation ST 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company and an emerging growth company .
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Company s voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The number of shares of the registrant s common
stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023, was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

Data Storage Corporation 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 8 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 25 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 25 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 25 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 25 

PART II 
 25 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 26 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 26 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 33 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 33 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 33 

PART III 
 33 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 33 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 39 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 42 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 44 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 

PART IV 
 46 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 50 

i 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in Part I, Item 1. Business, Part I, Item
1A. Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report in some cases you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may, should, potential, continue, expects, 
 anticipates, intends, plans, believes, estimates, and similar expressions.
These statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. 

You should refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors 
section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy
may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements
as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or
at all. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to Data Storage, we, us, our, and Company, refer to Data Storage
Corporation and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The Industry and Opportunity 

Data Storage Corporation provides Cloud Managed Services
and technologies across multiple platforms. The Company s technical assets are in geographically diverse, Tier 3 compliant data
centers throughout the USA and Canada. 
 Hybrid and Multi-Cloud have become mainstream technological
offerings of the Cloud infrastructure managed services industry as companies have moved away from legacy, on-premises technology solutions.
This approach has grown more complex, as companies utilize disparate technical environments, including on-premises equipment and software,
multi-clouds interfacing with Software as a Service providers, Amazon AWS and others while focusing on the remote employee or a contractor
for higher levels of security, driving growth in managed cloud services. 

Cloud Managed Service Providers assist businesses
in achieving their desired security levels, technical cloud infrastructure and financial objectives while optimizing the value of these
technologies and cloud resources through multi-cloud management, ensuring business continuity, governance, and operational efficiencies. 

One subset of this five hundred-billion-dollar industry
and a highly-focused segment of the Company is the IBM Power server; of which AWS, Google and Microsoft are not competitors. It s
estimated that businesses in USA and Canada are operating over one million virtual IBM Power servers, known as LPAR s. According
to the most recent information received from IBM, the typical industries utilizing IBM Power servers are finance, retail, healthcare,
government, and distribution organizations. 

1 

The Company, through its CloudFirst subsidiary, is
a leader in providing IBM Power cloud infrastructure, disaster recovery and the creation of these unique offerings for over 15 years. 

The opportunity for the Company, in the IBM Power
server portfolio segment is capturing a share of this annual recurring revenue marketplace that is currently under migration to cloud
infrastructure. 

The Company believes businesses
are increasingly under pressure to improve the efficiency of their information and storage systems accelerating the migration from self-managed
technical equipment and solutions to fully managed multi-cloud technologies to reduce cost, protect capital, ensure disaster recovery,
protect the custom applications developed for these systems, and compete effectively. These trends create an opportunity for cloud technology
service providers. 

The Company s market
opportunity is derived from the demand for fully managed cloud and cybersecurity services across all major operating systems. 

CloudFirst s addressable
market is approximately 36 billion in the United States and Canada with limited competition today. 

Our Flagship subsidiary provides
business continuity and infrastructure solutions combining on-premises equipment and software with its value-added managed services to
business customers. Flagship maintains strong partner relationships with some of the largest IT Manufactures such as the IBM Corporation
in supplying the technology behind the highly technical designs built for business customers. Flagship s vision is to expand its
multi-cloud infrastructure solutions with more managed services, highlighted by its expanding Cyber Security offerings to capture more
of the marketplace outside of the CloudFirst sales and marketing programs. 

Our Nexxis subsidiary is
a voice and data solution provider that utilizes major nationwide carriers and providers. The subsidiary provides a suite of communications
services including Hosted VoIP, Internet Access, Data Transport, and SD-WAN. The Nexxis complete voice and data solution combines elements
of these services into a fully managed option that delivers high reliability and is engineered to further enhance business continuity.
Nexxis s goal is to provide a higher level of technology yet simplify management and combine cost savings for our clients wherever
possible. 

According to Fortune Business
Insights, the Cloud Managed Services industry in North America was 16.3 billion in 2019 and has been growing at a rate of 13.8 CAGR
bringing us to 24 billion by the end of 2022. Disaster Recovery is projected to be a 3.6 billion in the US by the end of 2022 which
is 35 of the 10.3 billion globally based on Grandview Research Disaster Recovery Solutions Market Size report. Cyber Security, specifically
the MDR segment, is an established market recognized by buyers . Gartner observed a 35 growth in end users inquiries on
the topic in the last year. Gartner estimates that by 2025, the MDR market will reach 2.15 billion in revenue, up from 1.03 billion
in 2021, for a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 20.2 . The Company s VOIP solutions fit well into this steadily growing segment
which is expected to reach 90 billion worldwide in 2022 with a CAGR of 3.1 with 17 billion in the US according to Globe Newswire Market
Analysis and Insights: Global VoIP Market. 

Company Overview 

 Data Storage Corporation, is headquartered in Melville,
New York. DTST operates through three subsidiaries; DSC, a Delaware corporation now referred to as CloudFirst Technologies Corporation;
Flagship Solutions, LLC; and Nexxis Inc. These subsidiaries provide solutions and services to a broad range of clients in several industries
including healthcare, banking and finance, distribution services, manufacturing, construction, education, and government. The subsidiaries
maintain business development teams, as well as independent distribution channels. 

The Company typically provides long-term subscription-based
disaster recovery, and cloud infrastructure, cyber security, third party cloud management, managed services, dedicated internet access
and UCaaS / VoIP services. 

 During 2022, based on the
May 2021 capital raise and the up list to Nasdaq, the Company has accelerated organic growth strategies by adding distribution, marketing,
and technical personnel. Management continues to be focused on building the Company s sales and marketing strategy and expanding
its technology assets throughout its data center network. 

2 

The Company believes businesses
are increasingly under pressure to improve the reliability and efficiency of their information and storage systems accelerating the migration
from self-managed technical equipment and solutions to fully managed multi-cloud technologies to reduce cost and compete effectively.
Further, in today s environment, capital preservation is an encouragement to move from a capital-intensive, on-premises technology,
to a pay as you grow, CapEx to OpEx model. These trends create an opportunity for Cloud Technology Service providers. 

The Company s market
opportunity is derived from the demand for fully managed cloud and cybersecurity services across all major operating systems. 

CloudFirst alone has an addressable
market estimated at 36 billion in annual recurring revenue in the United States and Canada with limited competition. 

The Company has designed
and built its solutions and services to support demand for cloud-based IBM Power System that support client critical workloads and custom
in-house developed applications, manage hybrid cloud deployments and continue to provide solutions that keep data and workloads protected
from disasters and security attacks. 

The
Company s business offices are located in New York, Florida and Texas. The New York and Florida offices include a technology center
and labs adapted to meet the technical requirements of the Company s clients. The Company maintains its own infrastructure, storage,
and networking equipment required to provide subscription solutions in seven geographically diverse data centers located in New York,
Massachusetts, Texas, Florida and North Carolina, and in Canada, Toronto, and Barrie, serving clients in the United States and Canada. 

The Company s disaster
recovery and business continuity solutions allow clients to quickly recover from system outages, human and natural disasters, and cyber
security attacks, such as Ransomware. The Company s managed cloud services begin with migration to the cloud and provide ongoing
system support and management that enables its clients to run their software applications and technical workloads in a multi-cloud environment.
The Company s cyber security offerings include comprehensive consultation and a suite of data security, disaster recovery, and remote
monitoring services and technologies that are incorporated into the Company s cloud solutions or are delivered as a standalone managed
security offering covering the client site endpoint devices, users, servers, and equipment. 

The Company s
solution architects, and business development teams work with organizations identifying and solving critical business problems. The
Company carefully plans and manages the migration and configuration process, continuing the relationship and advising its clients
long after the services have been implemented. Reflecting on client satisfaction, the Company s renewal rate on client
subscription solutions is approximately 94 after their initial contract term expired. 

Growth Strategies 

The Company will continue to drive revenues by expanding
distribution channels while expanding digital and direct marketing programs. The Company will accelerate building upon its social and
digital lead generation programs. Further, the Company will continue to seek synergetic acquisitions that expand distribution, leading
a technology trend, add to its existing technical staff and create economies of scale improving gross profit margins. 

3 

The Company increases revenue
and drives growth by developing and managing collaborative solutions as well as joint marketing initiatives. The Company has a diverse
community of distribution partners, ranging from IBM Business Partners, Software Vendors, IT resellers, Managed Service Providers, application
support providers, consultants, and other cloud infrastructure providers. 

The Company believes there
is a significant need for its solutions on a global basis and, accordingly, the opportunity for it to grow its business through international
expansion as these markets increase their use of multi-cloud solutions. 

The Company s Core
Services : The Company provides an array of multi-cloud information technology solutions in highly secure, enterprise-level cloud services
for companies using IBM Power Systems, Microsoft Windows, and Linux. Specifically, the Company s support services cover: 

Cyber Security Solutions: 

ezSecurity offers
 a suite of comprehensive cyber security solutions that can be utilized on systems at the client s location or on systems hosted
 in the Company. These solutions include fully managed endpoint (PCs and other user devices) security with active threat mitigation,
 system security assessments, risk analysis, and applications to ensure continuous security. ezSecurity contains a specialized
 offering for protecting and auditing IBM systems including a package designed to protect IBM systems against Ransomware attacks. 

Data Protection and
Recovery Solutions: 

ezVault solution
 is at the core of the Company s data protection services and allows its clients to have their data protected and stored offsite
 with unlimited data retention in a secure location that uses encrypted, enterprise-grade storage which allows for remote recovery
 from system outages, human and natural disasters, and cyber security attacks like Ransomware and viruses allowing restoration of
 data from a known good point in time prior to an attack. 

ezRecovery provides
 standby systems, networking, and storage in the Company s cloud infrastructure that allows for faster recovery from client
 backups stored using ezVault at the same cloud based hosted location. 

ezAvailability 
 solution offers reliable real-time data replication for mission-critical applications with Recovery Time Objective under fifteen
 minutes and near-zero Recovery Point Objective, with optional, fully managed replication services. The Company s ezAvailability 
 service consists of a full-time enterprise system, storage, and network resources, allowing quick and easily switched production
 workloads to the Company s cloud when needed. The Company s ezAvailability services are backed by a Service-Level
 Agreement SLA to help assure performance, availability, and access. 

ezMirror solution
 provides replication services that mirror the clients data at the storage level and allows for similar near-zero Recovery
 Point Objective as ezAvailability with less application management and Recovery Time Objective under 1 hour. 

Cloud Hosted Production
Systems: ezHost solution provides managed cloud services
that removes the burden off system management from its clients and ensures that their software applications and IT workloads are running
smoothly. ezHost provides full-time, scalable compute, storage, and network infrastructure resources to run clients workloads
on the Company s enterprise-class infrastructure. ezHost replaces the cost of support, maintenance, system administration,
space, electrical power, and cooling of the typical hardware on-premises systems with a predictable monthly expense. The Company s
ezHost services are backed by an SLA governing performance, availability, and access. 

 Voice Data Solutions: 
Nexxis, our voice and data division, specializes in stand-alone and fully-managed VoIP, Internet Access, and Data Transport solutions
that satisfy the requirements of the traditional corporate and modern remote workforce. Nexxis dedicated internet access services with
speeds of up to 10 Gbps and data transport circuits are typically delivered over fiber-optic networks while shared internet access is
typically delivered via fiber, coaxial, and wireless networks to help businesses stay fully connected from any location. SD-WAN options
provide the ability for multi-site companies to prioritize their data traffic from site to site while FailSAFE, a Cloud-first SD-WAN solution,
can be used by a single location to gain industry-leading connectivity to cloud services and the internet. Nexxis Hosted VoIP with Unified
Communications is a full-featured cloud-based PBX solution with built-in redundancy that provides business continuity and includes the
option to integrate with Microsoft Teams. 

4 

Corporate History 

On October 20, 2008, the Company consummated a share
exchange transaction with Euro Trend Inc. The Company subsequently changed its name from Euro Trend Inc. to Data Storage Corporation. 

Data Storage Corporation acquired the assets of SafeData,
LLC in June 2010, and the assets of Message Logic LLC, Message Logic in October 2012. 

In November 2012, the Company entered into an agreement
with an IBM partner, ABC Services, Inc. to provide an IBM Power cloud infrastructure offering, marketed under the name Secure Infrastructure
 Services LLC SIAS ), a New York limited liability company. 

In October 2016, the Company purchased the assets
of ABC Services, Inc., which included the remaining 50 of the SIAS company. 

On June 1, 2021, the Company merged its Florida company
with Flagship Solutions, LLC. This transaction with an IBM Gold Business Partner was synergetic to the Company s services and added
new solutions. 

The result of these acquisitions, combined with the
Company s business continuity disaster recovery and IBM Power cloud infrastructure solutions, positions Data Storage Corporation
as a leader. 

Competitive Landscape 

 The markets for the Company s products and services
are competitive. However, competition is limited, in the CloudFirst subsidiary for this 36 billion marketplace, compared to the limitless
competitors, competing against Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google, and Microsoft today which hold an estimated 51 of the marketplace for
X86 cloud infrastructure and X86 disaster recovery platforms. Today, the IBM Power community, based on a recent IBM user survey, only
15 of the IBM Power server community utilizes the cloud. Other Company services and solutions, outside of the IBM Power user community
face many competitors for cyber security, however, these solutions and services are typically provided by the Company to their existing
clients and distribution companies. 

These markets are characterized by frequent product
introductions and rapid technological advances. The Company s financial condition and operating results can be adversely affected
by these and other industry-wide downward pressures on gross margins. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price,
product features, relative price and performance, product quality and reliability, strong third-party software, marketing and distribution
capability, service and support and corporate reputation. 

The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities
globally related to disaster recovery and cloud infrastructure, primarily focused on the IBM community. These markets are highly competitive
and include several large, well-funded and experienced participants. 

The Company s future financial condition and
operating results depend on the Company s ability to continue to provide a high-quality solution as well as increase distribution
of the solutions in each of the markets in which it competes. 

Flagship Solutions,
LLC. 

On February 4, 2021, we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Data Storage FL, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and our wholly-owned
subsidiary (the Merger Sub ), Flagship Solutions, LLC Flagship ), a Florida limited liability company, and
the owners (collectively, the Equity holders of all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership
interests in Flagship (collectively, the Equity Interests ), pursuant to which, upon the Closing (as defined below), we acquired
Flagship through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Flagship (the Merger ), with Flagship being the surviving company
in the Merger and becoming, as a result, our wholly-owned subsidiary. The closing of the Merger (the Closing was completed
on June 1, 2021. Flagship is a provider of IBM equipment and solutions, managed services and cloud solutions that include cloud-based
server monitoring and management, 24 7 help desk support, and data center infrastructure management. 

5 

Concurrently with the Closing, Flagship and Mark Wyllie,
Flagship s Chief Executive Officer, entered into an Employment Agreement (the Wyllie Employment Agreement ), which
became effective upon consummation of the Closing, pursuant to which Mr. Wyllie will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of Flagship
following the Closing on the terms and conditions set forth therein. Flagship s obligations under the Wyllie Employment Agreement
will also be guaranteed by the Company. The Wyllie Employment Agreement contains customary salary, bonus, employee benefits, severance
and restrictive covenant provisions. In addition, pursuant to the Wyllie Employment Agreement, Mr. Wyllie was appointed to serve as a
member of the Board during the term of his employment thereunder. Mr. Wyllie, as of November 11, 2021, became an Officer of the Company. 

 Mr. Wyllie resigned from all positions he held with
Flagship and the Company on October 28, 2022. Thomas Kempster has been appointed President of Flagship Solutions Group. 

The foregoing information has been filed as an exhibit
to the 2021 Annual Report. Readers should review those agreements for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated
with this transaction. 

On
April 30, 2020, the Company was granted a loan from a banking institution, in the principal amount of 481,977 (the Loan ),
pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act (the CARES Act ), which was enacted on March 27, 2020. The Loan, which was in the form of a Note dated April
30, 2020, matures on April 30, 2022, and bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.00 per annum, payable monthly to Signature Bank, as the
lender, commencing on November 5, 2020. Funds from the loan may only be used to retain workers and maintain payroll or make mortgage payments,
lease payments and utility payments. Management used the entire Loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain
amounts of the Loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The Company received forgiveness
for the full amount during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

6 

Government Regulation 

The Company is subject to various federal, state,
local and international laws with respect to its receipt, storage and processing of personal information and other customer data. 

The Company receives, stores, and processes personal
information and other customer data. Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States and in many other countries
where the Company may provide its offering of solutions. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently complex and
evolving, and it is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. There are numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws
regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other customer data,
the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries or conflict with other
rules. The Company generally seeks to comply with industry standards and is subject to the terms of its privacy policies and privacy-related
obligations to third parties. The Company strives to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes
of conduct relating to privacy and data protection to the extent possible. Any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with
its privacy policies, its privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, its privacy-related legal obligations, or any
compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data,
may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or public statements against the Company by consumer advocacy groups or others
and could cause its customers to lose trust in it, which could have an adverse effect on its reputation and business. Any significant
change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the use or disclosure of the Company s customer s
data, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of customers for the use and disclosure of such data is obtained,
could require the Company to modify its solutions and features, possibly in a material manner, and may limit its ability to develop new
services and features that make use of the data that its customers voluntarily share with the Company. 

The Company s solutions are used by customers
in the health care industry, and the Company must comply with numerous federal and state laws related to patient privacy in connection
with providing its solutions to these customers. In particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ),
and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH include privacy standards that protect
individual privacy by limiting the uses and disclosures of individually identifiable health information and implementing data security
standards. Because the Company s solutions may backup individually identifiable health information for its customers, its customers
are mandated by HIPAA to enter into written agreements with the Company known as business associate agreements that require it to safeguard
individually identifiable health information. Business associate agreements typically include: 

a description of the Company s
 permitted uses of individually identifiable health information; 

a covenant not to disclose
 that information except as permitted under the agreement and to make the Company s subcontractors, if any, subject to the same
 restrictions; 

assurances that appropriate
 administrative, physical, and technical safeguards are in place to prevent misuse of that information; 

an obligation to report
 to the Company s customers any use or disclosure of that information other than as provided for in the agreement; 

a prohibition against the
 Company s use or disclosure of that information if a similar use or disclosure by its customers would violate the HIPAA standards; 

7 

the ability of the Company s
 customers to terminate their subscription to its solution if the Company breaches a material term of the business associate agreement
 and are unable to cure the breach; 

the requirement to return
 or destroy all individually identifiable health information at the end of the customer s subscription; and 

access by the Department
 of Health and Human Services to the Company s internal practices, books, and records to validate that the Company is safeguarding
 individually identifiable health information. 

Human Capital Resources 

 We believe that our success depends upon our ability
to attract, develop and retain key personnel. As of March 31, 2023, we employed 45 full-time employees, of which six are executive management,
seven are administration and finance, nine are sales staff, several of which are dedicated to support our network of distribution partners,
two are marketing staff and twenty-one were part of our technical team. The Company also maintains a group of independent contractors
to provide service support and installations on a as needed basis. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements,
and management considers relations with our employees to be in good standing. Although we continually seek to add additional talent to
our work force, management believes that it has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. 

The Company s compensation
programs are designed to align the compensation of its employees with its performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract,
retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of the Company s compensation programs balances incentive
earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. 

The health and safety of the Company s employees
is its highest priority, and this is consistent with its operating philosophy. 

Corporate Information 

The primary mailing address for the Company is 48
South Service Road, Suite 203, Melville, NY 11747. 

Available Information 

The Company s corporate
website address is www.dtst.com . All filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), including its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, its Current Reports on Form
8-K, its proxy statements and any amendments thereto filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, are available for free in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The reference to the Company s website address does not constitute
inclusion or incorporation by reference of the information contained on the Company s website in this Form 10-K or other filings
with the SEC, and the information contained on the Company s website is not part of this document. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in the Company s common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks together with the other information in this Annual Report. 

Risks Related to Data
Storage s Business 

The Company has not
generated a significant amount of net income and it may not be able to sustain profitability in the future. 

 As reflected in the consolidated
financial statements, the Company had a net (loss) income available to shareholders of (4,356,802) and 204,161 for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 2,286,722, marketable securities of 9,010,968, and
working capital of 10,855,407. 

If the Company is unable
to attract new customers to its infrastructure and disaster recovery/ cloud subscription services on a cost-effective basis, its revenue
and operating results would be adversely affected. 

8 

The Company generates the
majority of its revenue from the sale of subscriptions to its infrastructure and disaster recovery/cloud solutions as well as contracted
managed services and software and hardware renewals. In order to grow, the Company must continue to reach the many businesses in need
of our unique services, many of whom may have not previously used infrastructure as a service and cloud disaster recovery backup solutions.
The Company uses and periodically adjusts a diverse mix of advertising and marketing programs to promote its solutions. Significant increases
in the pricing of one or more of the Company s advertising channels would increase its advertising costs or cause it to choose less
expensive and perhaps fewer effective channels. As the Company adds to or changes the mix of its advertising and marketing strategies,
it may expand into channels with significantly higher costs than its current programs, which could adversely affect its operating results.
The Company may incur advertising and marketing expenses significantly in advance of the time it anticipates recognizing any revenue generated
by such expenses, and it may only at a later date, or never, experience an increase in revenue or brand awareness as a result of such
expenditures. Additionally, because the Company recognizes revenue from customers over the terms of their subscriptions, a large portion
of its revenue for each quarter reflects deferred revenue from subscriptions entered into during previous quarters, and downturns or upturns
in subscription sales or renewals may not be reflected in the Company s operating results until later periods. It has made in the
past, and may make in the future, significant investments to test new advertising, and there can be no assurance that any such investments
will lead to the cost-effective acquisition of additional customers. If the Company is unable to maintain effective advertising programs,
its ability to attract new customers could be adversely affected, its advertising and marketing expenses could increase substantially,
and its operating results may suffer. 

A portion of the Company s
potential customers locate its website through search engines, such as Google, Bing, and Yahoo!. The Company s ability to maintain
the number of visitors directed to its website is not entirely within its control. If search engine companies modify their search algorithms
in a manner that reduces the prominence of the Company s listing, or if its competitors search engine optimization efforts
are more successful than the Company s, fewer potential customers may click through to its website. In addition, the cost of purchased
listings has increased in the past and may increase in the future. A decrease in website traffic or an increase in search costs could
adversely affect the Company s customer acquisition efforts and its operating results. 

The Company expects
to continue to acquire or invest in other companies, which may divert its management s attention, result in additional dilution
to its stockholders, and consume resources that are necessary to sustain its business. 

Having completed the merger
with Flagship, the Company expects to continue to acquire complementary solutions, services, technologies, or businesses in the future.
The Company may also, enter into relationships with other businesses to expand its portfolio of solutions or its ability to provide its
solutions in foreign jurisdictions, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount
pricing, or investments in other companies. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and its ability
to complete these transactions may often be subject to conditions or approvals that are beyond its control. Consequently, these transactions,
even if a definitive purchase agreement is executed and announced, may not close. 

Acquisitions may also disrupt
the Company s business, divert its resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for
the development of its business. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be
realized on a timely basis or at all or the Company may be exposed to known or unknown liabilities, including litigation against the companies
that it may acquire. In connection with any such transaction, the Company may: 

issue additional equity
 securities that would dilute its stockholders; 

use cash that the Company
 may need in the future to operate its business; 

incur debt on terms unfavorable
 to the Company, that it s unable to repay, or that may place burdensome restrictions on its operations; 

incur large charges or
 substantial liabilities; or 

become subject to adverse
 tax consequences or substantial depreciation, deferred compensation, or other acquisition-related accounting charges. 

9 

Any of these risks could
harm the Company s business and operating results. 

Integration of an acquired
company s operations may present challenges. 

The integration of an acquired
company requires, among other things, coordination of administrative, sales and marketing, accounting and finance functions, and expansion
of information and management systems. Integration may prove to be difficult due to the necessity of coordinating geographically separate
organizations and integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and accustomed to different corporate cultures. The Company
may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company. Additionally, the process of integrating a new solution or service may
require a disproportionate amount of time and attention of the Company s management and financial and other resources. Any difficulties
or problems encountered in the integration of a new solution or service could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 

The Company intends to continue
to acquire businesses that it believes will help achieve its business objectives. As a result, the Company s operating costs will
likely continue to grow. The integration of an acquired company may cost more than the Company anticipates, and it is possible that the
Company will incur significant additional unforeseen costs in connection with such integration, which may negatively impact its earnings. 

In addition, the Company
may only be able to conduct limited due diligence on an acquired company s operations. Following an acquisition, the Company may
be subject to liabilities arising from an acquired company s past or present operations, including liabilities related to data security,
encryption and privacy of customer data, and these liabilities may be greater than the warranty and indemnity limitations that the Company
negotiates. Any liability that is greater than these warranty and indemnity limitations could have a negative impact on the Company s
financial condition. 

Even if successfully integrated,
there can be no assurance that the Company s operating performance after an acquisition will be successful or will fulfill management s
objectives. 

Risks Related to the Merger with Flagship 

On May 31, 2021, the Company
completed the Merger. The Company expects that Flagship s business will be synergistic with its existing IBM business and anticipates
meaningful operation efficiency and that the Merger will provide a comprehensive one-stop provider to cross-sell solutions across each
organization s respective enterprise, as well as middle-market customers. Key offerings for the combined companies are expected
to include a wide array of multi-cloud information technology solutions in highly secure, reliable enterprise level cloud services for
companies using IBM Power systems, Microsoft Windows and Linux, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Disaster Recovery of digital
information (DRaaS), and Cyber Security as a Service (CSaaS). 

Since having completed the
merger, however, the Company still faces risks and unknowns associated with the Merger. Ultimately, the Company may not realize the anticipated
benefits of the merger with Flagship and integrating and operating Data Storage s and Flagship s business may be more difficult,
time-consuming, or costly than expected. Additionally, integrating and operating the Flagship business could result in higher capital
expenditures than anticipated, which could result in the Company s need to raise additional capital for its operations. 

The Company may fail
to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of its consolidated financial statements
or cause it to fail to meet its periodic reporting obligations. 

The Company has identified material weaknesses in its internal control
over financial reporting, concluding that its disclosure controls were not effective as of December
31, 2022, based on material weaknesses which ultimately contributed to the Company not designing and maintaining formal controls to analyze,
account for, and disclose complex transactions, including the accounting for certain consideration received from a vendor. These material
weaknesses resulted in the restatement of the Company s previously filed quarterly condensed consolidated financial information
for the periods ended June 30, 2022, related to accrued expenses, cost of goods sold, gross profit, loss from operations, net loss,
earnings per share and the related disclosures. 

 In response to such material weaknesses, management has expended and will continue to expand a substantial amount
of effort and resources for the remediation of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. In November of 2022,
management and its advisors began evaluating and documenting the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting, and their work is ongoing. 

10 

The
Company can give no assurance that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. The Company s failure to
implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in its consolidated financial statements
that could result in a restatement of its financial statements and could cause it to fail to meet its reporting obligations, any of which
could diminish investor confidence in the Company and cause a decline in the price of its common stock. 

The Company is controlled
by three principal stockholders who serve as its executive officers and directors. 

As of March 31, 2023, through
their aggregate voting power, Messrs. Piluso, Schwartz and Kempster control approximately 37 of the Company s outstanding common
stock, giving them the ability to control a significant portion of the votes for the Company s directors and all other matters requiring
the approval of its stockholders, including the election of all of its directors and the approval of a reverse stock split. 

Risks Related to the
Company s Industry 

The market for cloud
solutions is highly competitive, and if the Company does not compete effectively, its operating results will be harmed. 

The market for the Company s
services is highly competitive, quickly evolving and subject to rapid changes in technology. The Company expects to continue to face intense
competition from its existing competitors as well as additional competition from new market entrants in the future as the market for its
services continues to grow. 

The Company competes with
cloud backup and infrastructure providers and providers of traditional hardware-based systems and IBM Power Systems. Its current and potential
competitors vary by size, service offerings, and geographic region. These competitors may elect to partner with each other or with focused
companies to grow their businesses. They include: 

in-house IT departments
 of its customers and potential customers; 

traditional global infrastructure
 providers, including, but not limited to, large multi-national providers, such as IBM, Microsoft, Google, and Amazon Web Services
 (AWS); 

cloud and software service
 providers and digital systems integrators; 

regional managed services
 providers; and 

colocation solutions providers,
 such as Equinix, Rackspace and TierPoint. 

11 

Many of these competitors
benefit from significant competitive advantages over the Company, given their desire to enter into this niche marketplace, such as greater
name recognition, longer operating histories, more varied services, and larger marketing budgets, as well as greater financial, technical,
and other resources. In addition, many of these competitors have established marketing relationships and major distribution agreements
with computer manufacturers, internet service providers, and resellers, giving them access to larger customer bases. Some of these competitors
may make acquisitions or enter into strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive service than the Company does. As a result,
some of these competitors may be able to: 

develop superior products
 or services, gain greater market acceptance, and expand their service offerings more efficiently or more rapidly; 

adapt to new or emerging
 technologies and changes in customer requirements more quickly; 

bundle their offerings,
 including hosting services with other services they provide at reduced prices; 

streamline their operational
 structure, obtain better pricing, or secure more favorable contractual terms, allowing them to deliver services and products at a
 lower cost; 

take advantage of acquisition,
 joint venture and other opportunities more readily; 

adopt more aggressive pricing
 policies and devote greater resources to the promotion, marketing and sales of their services, which could cause us to have to lower
 prices for certain services to remain competitive in the market; and 

devote greater resources
 to the research and development of their products and services. 

In addition, demand for the
Company s cloud solutions is sensitive to price. Many factors, including the Company s customer acquisition, advertising and
technology costs, and its current and future competitors pricing and marketing strategies, can significantly affect its pricing
strategies. Certain of the Company s competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or free solutions that compete
with its solutions. 

Additionally, consolidation
activity through strategic mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures may result in new competitors that can offer a broader range of products
and services, may have a greater scale or a lower cost structure. To the extent such consolidation results in the ability of vertically
integrated companies to offer more integrated services to customers than the Company can, customers may prefer the single-source approach
and direct more business to such competitors, thereby impairing the Company s competitive position. Furthermore, new entrants not
currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships or strategic relationships. As the Company
looks to market and sell its services to potential customers, the Company must convince its internal stakeholders that the Company s
services are superior to their current solutions. If the Company is unable to anticipate or react to these competitive challenges, its
competitive position would weaken, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. These combinations
may make it more difficult for the Company to compete effectively and its inability to compete effectively would negatively impact its
operating results. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company will not be forced to engage in price-cutting initiatives,
or to increase its advertising and other expenses to attract and retain customers in response to competitive pressures, either of which
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s revenue and operating results. 

If a cyberattack was
able to breach the Company s security protocols and disrupt its data protection platform and solutions, and any such disruption
could increase its expenses, damage its reputation, harm its business and adversely affect its stock price. 

The Company has implemented
various protocols and regularly monitors its systems via security software to reduce any security vulnerabilities. The Company also relies
on third-party providers for a number of critical aspects of its infrastructure cloud and disaster recovery business continuity services,
and consequently, it does not maintain direct control over the security or stability of those associated systems. Furthermore, the firmware,
software, and/or open-source software that its data protection solutions may utilize could be susceptible to hacking or misuse. In the
event of the discovery of a significant security vulnerability, the Company would incur additional substantial expenses and its business
would be harmed. 

12 

The process of developing
new technologies is complex and uncertain, and if the Company fails to accurately predict customers changing needs and emerging
technological trends or if the Company fails to achieve the benefits expected from its investments, its business could be harmed. The
Company believes that it must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to its research and development efforts to maintain
its competitive position and it must commit significant resources to develop new solutions before knowing whether its investments will
result in solutions the market will accept. The Company s new solutions or solution enhancements could fail to attain sufficient
market acceptance or harm its business for many reasons, including: 

delays in releasing its
 new solutions or enhancements to the market; 

failure to accurately
 predict market demand or customer demands; 

inability
 to protect against new types of attacks or techniques used by hackers; 

difficulties
 with software development, design, or marketing that could delay or prevent its development, introduction, or implementation of new
 solutions and enhancements; 

defects,
 errors or failures in its design or performance; 

negative
 publicity about its performance or effectiveness; 

introduction
 or anticipated introduction of competing solutions by its competitors; 

poor
 business conditions for its customers, causing them to delay information technology purchases; 

the
 perceived value of its solutions or enhancements relative to their cost; and 

easing
 of regulatory requirements around security or storage. 

In addition, new technologies
have the risk of defects that may not be discovered until after the product launches, resulting in adverse publicity, loss of revenue
or harm to the Company s business and reputation. 

Any significant disruption
in service, in the Company s computer systems, or caused by its third-party storage and system providers could damage its reputation
and result in a loss of customers, which would harm its business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The Company s reputation,
and ability to attract, retain and serve its customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of its network infrastructure and payment
systems, and its customers ability to readily access their stored files. The Company has experienced interruptions in these systems
in the past, including server failures that temporarily slowed down its customers ability to access their stored files, or made
the Company s infrastructure inaccessible, and it may experience interruptions or outages in the future. 

In addition, while the Company
both operates and maintains elements of network infrastructure, some elements of this complex system are operated by third parties that
the Company does not control and that would require significant time to replace. The Company expects this dependence on third parties
to increase. In particular, the Company utilizes IBM and Intel to provide equipment and support. All of these third-party systems are
located in data center facilities operated by third parties. While these data centers are of the highest level, Tier 3, there can be no
assurance that they will not experience disruptions that will adversely impact the Company s ability to service its customers. The
Company s data center leases expire at various times between 2021 and 2023 with rights of extension. If the Company were unable
to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, it may be required to transfer that portion of its computing and storage capacity
to new data center facilities, and it may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. 

13 

The Company also relies upon
third-party colocation providers to host its main servers. If these providers are unable to handle current or higher volumes of use, experience
any interruption in operations or cease operations for any reason or if the Company is unable to agree on satisfactory terms for continued
hosting relationships, the Company would be forced to enter into a relationship with other service providers or assume hosting responsibilities
itself. If the Company is forced to switch data center facilities, which in itself is a competitive industry, it may not be successful
in finding an alternative service provider on acceptable terms or in hosting the computer servers itself. The Company may also be limited
in its remedies against these providers in the event of a failure of service. 

Interruptions, outages and/or
failures in the Company s own systems, the third-party systems and facilities on which we rely, or the use of its data center facilities,
whether due to system failures, computer viruses, cybersecurity attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, damage or interruption from
human error, power losses, natural disasters or terrorist attacks, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures or
other factors, could affect the security or availability of infrastructure, prevent the Company from being able to continuously back up
its customers data or its customers from accessing their stored data, and may damage or delete its customers stored files.
If this were to occur, the Company s reputation could be compromised, and it could be subject to liability to the customers that
were affected. 

Any financial difficulties,
such as bankruptcy, faced by the Company s third-party data center operators, its third-party colocation providers, or any of the
service providers with whom the Company or they contract, may have negative effects on its business, the nature and extent of which are
difficult to predict. Moreover, if its third-party data center providers or its third-party colocation providers are unable to keep up
with the Company s growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on the Company s business. Interruptions
in the Company s services might reduce its revenue, cause it to issue credits or refunds to customers, subject it to potential liability,
or harm its renewal rates. In addition, prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in connection with adding storage capacity or upgrading
its network architecture when required may cause the Company s service quality to suffer. Problems with the reliability or security
of the Company s systems could harm its reputation, and the cost of remedying these problems could negatively affect the Company s
business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Security vulnerabilities,
data protection breaches and cyberattacks could disrupt the Company s data protection platform and solutions, and any such disruption
could increase its expenses, damage its reputation, harm its business, and adversely affect its stock price. 

The Company relies on third-party
providers for a number of critical aspects of its infrastructure cloud and disaster recovery business continuity services, and consequently,
it does not maintain direct control over the security or stability of the associated systems. Furthermore, the firmware, software and/or
open-source software that its data protection solutions may utilize could be susceptible to hacking or misuse. In the event of the discovery
of a significant security vulnerability, the Company would incur additional substantial expenses and its business would be harmed. 

The Company s customers
rely on its solutions for production, replication, and storage of digital copies of their files, including financial records, business
information, photos, and other personally meaningful content. The Company also stores credit card information and other personal information
about its customers. An actual or perceived breach of the Company s network security and systems or other cybersecurity related
events that cause the loss or public disclosure of, or access by third parties to, its customers stored files could have serious
negative consequences for its business, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for its solutions, an unwillingness
of customers to provide the Company with their credit card or payment information, an unwillingness of its customers to use its solutions,
harm to its reputation and brand, loss of its ability to accept and process customer credit card orders, and time-consuming and expensive
litigation. If this occurs, the Company s business and operating results could be adversely affected. Third parties may be able
to circumvent the Company s security by deploying viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that are designed to attack
or attempt to infiltrate its systems and networks and it may not immediately discover these attacks or attempted infiltrations. Further,
outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce the Company s employees, consultants, or affiliates to disclose sensitive information
in order to gain access to its information or its customers information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable
or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate
from less regulated or remote areas around the world. As a result, the Company may be unable to proactively address these techniques or
to implement adequate preventative or reactionary measures. In addition, employee or consultant error, malfeasance, or other errors in
the storage, use, or transmission of personal information could result in a breach of customer or employee privacy. The Company maintains
insurance coverage to mitigate the potential financial impact of these risks; however, its insurance may not cover all such events or
may be insufficient to compensate it for the potentially significant losses, including the potential damage to the future growth of its
business, that may result from the breach of customer or employee privacy. If the Company or its third-party providers are unable to successfully
prevent breaches of security relating to its solutions or customer private information, it could result in litigation and potential liability
for the Company, cause damage to its brand and reputation, or otherwise harm its business and its stock price. 

14 

Many states have enacted
laws requiring companies to notify consumers of data security breaches involving their personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding
a security breach often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause the Company s customers to lose confidence in the
effectiveness of its data security measures. Any security breach, whether successful or not, would harm the Company s reputation
and could cause the loss of customers. Similarly, if a publicized breach of data security at any other cloud backup service provider or
other major consumer website were to occur, there could be a general public loss of confidence in the use of the internet for cloud backup
services or commercial transactions generally. Any of these events could have material adverse effects on the Company s business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

The Company s
ability to provide services to its customers depends on its customers continued high-speed access to the internet and the continued
reliability of the internet infrastructure. 

The Company s business
depends on its customers continued high-speed access to the internet, as well as the continued maintenance and development of the
internet infrastructure. While the Company also provides broadband internet services, many of its clients depend on third-party internet
service providers to expand high-speed internet access, to maintain a reliable network with the necessary speed, data capacity, and security,
and to develop complementary solutions and services, including high-speed solutions, for providing reliable and timely internet access
and services. All of these factors are out of the Company s control. To the extent that the internet continues to experience an
increased number of users, frequency of use, or bandwidth requirements, the internet may become congested and be unable to support the
demands placed on it, and its performance or reliability may decline. Any internet outages or delays could adversely affect the Company s
ability to provide services to its customers. 

Currently, internet access
is provided by telecommunications companies and internet access service providers that have significant and increasing market power in
the broadband and internet access marketplace. In the absence of government regulation, these providers could take measures that affect
their customers ability to use the Company s products and services, such as attempting to charge their customers more for
using the Company s products and services. To the extent that internet service providers implement usage-based pricing, including
meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks, the Company could incur greater operating expenses and
customer acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators were to create tiers of
internet access service and either charge the Company for or prohibit the Company s services from being available to its customers
through these tiers, its business could be negatively impacted. Some of these providers also offer products and services that directly
compete with the Company s own offerings, which could potentially give them a competitive advantage. 

15 

If the Company is unable
to retain its existing customers, its business, financial condition, and operating results would be adversely affected. 

 If the Company s efforts
to satisfy its existing customers are not successful, it may not be able to retain them, and as a result, its revenue and ability to grow
would be adversely affected. The Company may not be able to accurately predict future trends in customer renewals. Customers choose not
to renew their subscriptions for many reasons, including if customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved, a desire to reduce
discretionary spending, or a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that the solution is a poor value, or that competitive
services provide a better value or experience. If the Company s approximate 94 retention rate significantly decreases, it may need
to increase the rate at which it adds new customers in order to maintain and grow its revenue, which may require it to incur significantly
higher advertising and marketing expenses than it currently anticipates, or its revenue may decline. A significant decrease in the Company s
retention rate would therefore have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and operating results. The Company s
estimates of the number of employees it retains and advertising costs are based to a large extent upon its subscription contracts, which
may be terminated by customers typically upon 90 days notice prior to the ending term of their contract for services. 

A decline in demand
for the Company s cyber security, disaster recovery, and/or infrastructure solutions, in general, would cause its revenue to decline. 

The Company derives, and
expects to continue to derive, a significant portion of its revenue from subscription services for business continuity, such as data protection
solutions including its disaster recovery backup, replication, archive, and infrastructure as a service offering. Some of the potential
factors that could affect interest in and demand for cloud solutions include: 

awareness
 of the Company s brand and the cloud solutions category generally; 

the
 appeal and reliability of the Company s solutions; 

the
 price, performance, features, and availability of competing solutions and services; 

public
 concern regarding privacy and data security; 

the
 Company s ability to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction; and 

the
 rate of growth in cloud solutions generally. 

In addition, substantially
all of the Company s revenue is currently derived from customers in the U.S. Consequently, a decrease of interest in and demand
for the Company s solutions in the U.S. could have a disproportionately greater impact on it than if its geographic mix of revenue
was less concentrated. 

The Company primarily
depends upon third-party distribution companies to generate new customers. The Company s relationships with its partners and distributors
may be terminated or may not continue to be beneficial in generating new customers, which could adversely affect its ability to increase
its customer base. 

The Company maintains a network
of distributors, which refer customers to it through links on their websites or promotion to their customers. The number of customers
that the Company is able to add through these relationships is dependent on the marketing efforts of distributors, over which it has little
control. If the Company is unable to maintain its relationships, or renew contracts on favorable terms, with existing partners and distributors
or establish new contractual relationships with potential partners and distributors, it may experience delays and increased costs in adding
customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company s distributors also provide services to other
third parties and therefore may not devote their full time and attention to promote the Company s products and services. 

16 

If the Company is unable
to expand its base of business customers, its future growth and operating results could be adversely affected. 

The Company has committed
and continues to commit substantial resources to the expansion and increased marketing of its business solutions. If the Company is unable
to market and sell its solutions to businesses with competitive pricing and in a cost-effective manner its ability to grow its revenue
and achieve profitability may be harmed. 

If the Company is unable
to sustain market recognition of and loyalty to its brand, or if its reputation were to be harmed, it could lose customers or fail to
increase the number of its customers, which could harm its business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Given the Company s
market focus, maintaining and enhancing its brand is critical to its success. The Company believes that the importance of brand recognition
and loyalty will increase in light of the increasing competition in its markets. The Company plans to continue investing substantial resources
to promote its brand, both domestically and internationally, but there is no guarantee that its brand development strategies will enhance
the recognition of its brand. Some of the Company s existing and potential competitors have well-established brands with greater
recognition than we have. If the Company s efforts to promote and maintain the Company s brand are not successful, the Company s
operating results and its ability to attract and retain customers may be adversely affected. In addition, even if the Company s
brand recognition and loyalty increase, it may not result in increased use of its solutions or higher revenue. 

The Company s solutions,
as well as those of its competitors, are regularly reviewed in computer and business publications. Negative reviews, or reviews in which
the Company s competitors solutions and services are rated more highly than its solutions, could negatively affect its brand
and reputation. From time to time, the Company s customers express dissatisfaction with its solutions, including, among other things,
dissatisfaction with its customer support, its billing policies, and the way its solutions operate. If the Company does not handle customer
complaints effectively, its brand and reputation may suffer, it may lose its customers confidence, and they may choose not to renew
their subscriptions. In addition, many of the Company s customers participate in online blogs about computers and internet services,
including the Company s solutions, and its success depends in part on its ability to generate positive customer feedback through
such online channels where consumers seek and share information. If actions that the Company takes or changes that it makes to its solutions
upset these customers, their blogging could negatively affect its brand and reputation. Complaints or negative publicity about the Company s
solutions or billing practices could adversely impact its ability to attract and retain customers and its business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

The Company is subject
to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy, and any actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations
would harm its business. 

The Company receives, stores,
and processes personal information and other customer data and maintains specific protocols and procedures to help safeguard the privacy
of that personal information and customer data. Personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States and in many other
countries where the Company may offer its offering of solutions. The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently complex
and evolving, and it is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. There are numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws
regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other customer data,
the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries or conflict with other
rules. The Company generally seeks to comply with industry standards and is subject to the terms of its privacy policies and privacy-related
obligations to third parties. The Company strives to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes
of conduct relating to privacy and data protection to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted
and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the Company s
practices. Any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with its privacy policies, its privacy-related obligations to customers
or other third parties, its privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release
or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation,
or public statements against the Company by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause its customers to lose trust in us, which
could have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation and business. 

17 

The Company s customers
may also accidentally disclose their passwords or store them on a mobile device that is lost or stolen, creating the perception that its
systems are not secure against third-party access. Additionally, if third parties that the Company works with, such as vendors or developers,
violate applicable laws or its policies, such violations may also put its customers information at risk and could in turn have
an adverse effect on its business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the use or
disclosure of the Company s customers data, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of customers
for the use and disclosure of such data is obtained, could require it to modify its solutions and features, possibly in a material manner,
and may limit its ability to develop new services and features that make use of the data that its customers voluntarily share with the
Company. 

The Company s
solutions are used by customers in the health care industry, and it must comply with numerous federal and state laws related to patient
privacy in connection with providing its solutions to these customers. 

The Company s solutions
are used by customers in the health care industry, and it must comply with numerous federal and state laws related to patient privacy
in connection with providing its solutions to these customers. In particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 HIPAA ), and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH include
privacy standards that protect individual privacy by limiting the uses and disclosures of individually identifiable health information
and implementing data security standards. Because the Company s solutions may backup individually identifiable health information
for its customers, its customers are mandated by HIPAA to enter into written agreements with us known as business associate agreements
that require the Company to safeguard individually identifiable health information. Business associate agreements typically include: 

a
 description of the Company s permitted uses of individually identifiable health information; 

a
 covenant not to disclose that information except as permitted under the agreement and to make the Company s subcontractors,
 if any, subject to the same restrictions; 

assurances
 that appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards are in place to prevent misuse of that information; 

an
 obligation to report to the Company s customers any use or disclosure of that information other than as provided for in the
 agreement; 

a
 prohibition against the Company s use or disclosure of that information if a similar use or disclosure by its customers would
 violate the HIPAA standards; 

the
 ability of the Company s customers to terminate their subscription to its solution if we breach a material term of the business
 associate agreement and are unable to cure the breach; 

the
 requirement to return or destroy all individually identifiable health information at the end of the customer s subscription;
 and 

access
 by the Department of Health and Human Services to the Company s internal practices, books, and records to validate that we
 are safeguarding individually identifiable health information. 

The Company may not be able
to adequately address the business risks created by HIPAA or HITECH implementation or comply with its obligations under its business associate
agreements. Furthermore, the Company is unable to predict what changes to HIPAA, HITECH or other laws or regulations might be made in
the future or how those changes could affect its business or the costs of compliance. Failure by the Company to comply with any of the
federal and state standards regarding patient privacy may subject the Company to penalties, including civil monetary penalties and, in
some circumstances, criminal penalties, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and operating results. 

18 

Errors, failures, bugs
in or unavailability of the Company s solutions released by it could result in negative publicity, damage to its brand, returns,
loss of or delay in market acceptance of its solutions, loss of competitive position, or claims by customers or others. 

The Company offers solutions
that operate in a wide variety of environments, systems, applications, and configurations, that are often installed and used in large-scale
computing environments with different operating systems, system management software, and equipment and networking configurations. The
Company s customers computing environments are often characterized by a wide variety of standard and non-standard configurations
that can make pre-release testing for programming or compatibility errors very difficult and time-consuming. In addition, despite testing
by the Company and others, errors, failures, or bugs may not be found in new solutions or releases until after distribution. In the past,
when the Company has discovered any software errors, failures or bugs in certain of its solution offerings after their introduction or
when new versions are released, it, in some cases, has experienced delayed or lost revenues as a result of these errors. In addition,
the Company relies on hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties to offer its solutions, and any defects in,
or unavailability of, its third-party software or hardware could cause interruptions to the availability of its solutions. 

Errors, failures, bugs
in or unavailability of the Company s solutions released by it could result in negative publicity, damage to its brand,
returns, loss of or delay in market acceptance of its solutions, loss of competitive position, or claims by customers or others.
Many of the Company s end-user customers use its solutions in applications that are critical to their business and may have a
greater sensitivity to defects in its solutions than to defects in other, less critical, software solutions. In addition, if an
actual or perceived breach of information integrity or availability occurs in one of its end-user customer s systems,
regardless of whether the breach is attributable to its solutions, the market perception of the effectiveness of its solutions could
be harmed. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of the Company s capital and other
resources and could cause interruptions, delays, or cessation of its solution licensing, which could cause it to lose existing or
potential customers and could adversely affect its operating results. 

The Company faces many
risks associated with its growth and plans to expand, which could harm its business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The Company continues to
experience sales growth in its business. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on its management and
its operational and financial infrastructure. As the Company s operations grow in size, scope, and complexity, it will need to improve
and upgrade its systems and infrastructure to attract, service, and retain an increasing number of customers. The expansion of its systems
and infrastructure will require the Company to commit substantial financial, operational, and technical resources in advance of an increase
in the volume of business, with no assurance that the volume of business will increase. Any such additional capital investments will increase
the Company s cost base. Continued growth could also strain the Company s ability to maintain reliable service levels for
its customers, develop and improve its operational, financial, and management controls, enhance its reporting systems and procedures,
and recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel. If the Company fails to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in its organization
as it grows, its business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. 

The Company has office locations
in New York and Florida, and data centers in New York, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Florida, and Texas. If the Company is unable to
effectively manage a large and geographically dispersed group of employees and contractors or to anticipate its future growth and personnel
needs, its business may be adversely affected. As the Company expands its business, it adds complexity to its organization and must expand
and adapt its operational infrastructure and effectively coordinate throughout its organization. As a result, the Company has incurred
and expects to continue to incur additional expenses related to its continued growth. 

The Company also anticipates
that its efforts to expand internationally will entail the marketing and advertising of its services and brand and the development of
localized websites. The Company does not have substantial experience in selling its solutions in international markets or in conforming
to the local cultures, standards, or policies necessary to successfully compete in those markets, and it must invest significant resources
in order to do so. The Company may not succeed in these efforts or achieve its customer acquisition or other goals. For some international
markets, customer preferences and buying behaviors may be different, and the Company may use business or pricing models that are different
from its traditional subscription model to provide cloud backup and related services to customers. The Company s revenue from new
foreign markets may not exceed the costs of establishing, marketing, and maintaining its international solutions, and therefore may not
be profitable on a sustained basis, if at all. 

19 

The Company s
intended international expansion will subject it to risks typically encountered when operating internationally . 

The Company intends to expand
internationally which subjects it to new risks that it has not generally faced in the United States. These risks include: 

localization
 of the Company s solutions, including translation into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory
 requirements; 

lack
 of experience in other geographic markets; 

strong
 local competitors; 

cost
 and burden of complying with, lack of familiarity with, and unexpected changes in foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including
 consumer and data privacy laws; 

difficulties in managing
 and staffing international operations; 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of transfer pricing, foreign value added or other tax systems, double taxation,
 and restrictions, and/or taxes on the repatriation of earnings; 

dependence
 on third parties, including channel partners with whom we do not have extensive experience; 

compliance
 with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, economic sanction laws and regulations, export controls, and other U.S. laws and regulations
 regarding international business operations; 

increased
 financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

political,
 social, and economic instability abroad, terrorist attacks, and security concerns in general; and 

reduced
 or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 

Operating in international
markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. The investment and additional resources required to establish
operations and manage growth in other countries may not produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. 

The Company s software
contains encryption technologies, certain types of which are subject to U.S. and foreign export control regulations and, in some foreign
countries, restrictions on importation and/or use. Any failure on the Company s part to comply with encryption or other applicable
export control requirements could result in financial penalties or other sanctions under the U.S. export regulations, including restrictions
on future export activities, which could harm its business and operating results. Regulatory restrictions could impair the Company s
access to technologies that it seeks for improving its solutions and may also limit or reduce the demand for its solutions outside of
the U.S. 

The loss of the Company s
key personnel, or its failure to attract, integrate, and retain other highly qualified personnel, could harm its business and growth prospects. 

The Company depends on the
continued service and performance of its key personnel. In addition, many of the Company s key technologies and systems are custom-made
for its business by its personnel. The loss of key personnel, including key members of the Company s management team, as well as
certain of its key marketing, sales, product development, or technology personnel, could disrupt its operations and have an adverse effect
on its ability to grow its business. In addition, several of the Company s key personnel have only recently been employed by it,
and the Company is still in the process of integrating these personnel into its operations. The Company s failure to successfully
integrate these key employees into its business could adversely affect its business. 

20 

To execute the Company s
growth plan, it must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees is intense, and the Company may not
be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. The Company has from time to time in the past experienced, and it expects
to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly-skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. New hires require
significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. The Company s recent hires
and planned hires may not become as productive as it expects, and it may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals.
Many of the companies with which it competes for experienced personnel have greater resources than it has. In addition, in making employment
decisions, particularly in the internet and high-technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the equity that they
are to receive in connection with their employment. In addition, employees may be more likely to voluntarily exit the Company if the shares
underlying their vested and unvested options, as well as unvested restricted stock units, have significantly depreciated in value resulting
in the options they are holding is significantly above the market price of the Company s common stock and the value of the restricted
stock units decreasing. If the Company fails to attract new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate its current personnel, its business
and growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

Risks Related to Intellectual
Property 

Assertions by a third
party that the Company s solutions infringe its intellectual property, whether correct, could subject the Company to costly and
time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses. 

There is frequent litigation
in the software and technology industries based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Any
such claims or litigation may be time-consuming and costly, divert management resources, require the Company to change its services, require
it to credit or refund subscription fees, or have other adverse effects on its business. Many companies are devoting significant resources
to obtaining patents that could affect many aspects of the Company s business. Third parties may claim that the Company s
technologies or solutions infringe or otherwise violate their patents or other intellectual property rights. 

If the Company is forced
to defend itself against intellectual property infringement claims, whether they have merit or are determined in its favor, it may face
costly litigation, diversion of technical and management personnel, limitations on its ability to use its current websites and technologies,
and an inability to market or provide its solutions. As a result of any such claim, the Company may have to develop or acquire non-infringing
technologies, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease providing certain services, adjust its marketing and advertising
activities, or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable
to the Company, or at all. 

Furthermore, the Company
has licensed proprietary technologies from third parties that it uses in its technologies and business, and it cannot be certain that
the owners rights in their technologies will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. In addition to the general risks
described above associated with intellectual property and other proprietary rights, the Company is subject to the additional risk that
the seller of such technologies may not have appropriately created, maintained, or enforced their rights in such technology. 

The Company relies
on third-party software to develop and provide its solutions, including server software and licenses from third parties to use patented
intellectual property. 

The Company relies on software
licensed from third parties to develop and offer its solutions. In addition, the Company may need to obtain future licenses from third
parties to use intellectual property associated with the development of its solutions, which might not be available to the Company on
acceptable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any software required for the development and maintenance of the Company solutions
could result in delays in the provision of its solutions until equivalent technology is either developed by the Company, or, if available
from others, is identified, obtained, and integrated, which delay could harm its business. Any errors or defects in third-party software
could result in errors or a failure of its solutions, which could harm its business. 

21 

If the Company is unable
to protect its domain names, its reputation, brand, customer base, and revenue, as well as its business and operating results, could be
adversely affected. 

The Company has registered
domain names for websites URLs that it uses in its business, such as www.datastoragecorp.com. If the Company is unable
to maintain its rights in these domain names, its competitors or other third parties could capitalize on the Company s brand recognition
by using these domain names for their own benefit. In addition, although the Company owns the Company s domain name under various
global top-level domains such as .com and .net, as well as under various country-specific domains, it might not be able to, or may choose
not to, acquire or maintain other country-specific versions of the Company s domain name or other potentially similar URLs. Domain
names similar to the Company have already been registered in the U.S. and elsewhere, and its competitors or other third parties could
capitalize on its brand recognition by using domain names similar to the Company s. The regulation of domain names in the U.S. and
elsewhere is generally conducted by internet regulatory bodies and is subject to change. If the Company loses the ability to use a domain
name in a particular country, it may be forced to either incur significant additional expenses to market its solutions within that country,
including the development of a new brand and the creation of new promotional materials, or elect not to sell its solutions in that country.
Either result could substantially harm its business and operating results. Regulatory bodies could establish additional top-level domains,
appoint additional domain name registrars, or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, the Company may not be able
to acquire or maintain the domain names that utilize the Company s name in all of the countries in which we currently conduct or
intend to conduct business. Further, the relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and similar
proprietary rights varies among jurisdictions and is unclear in some jurisdictions. The Company may be unable to prevent third parties
from acquiring and using domain names that infringe, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of, its brand or its trademarks.
Protecting and enforcing the Company s rights in its domain names and determining the rights of others may require litigation, which
could result in substantial costs, divert management attention, and not be decided favorably to the Company. 

Risks Relating to the
Company s Common Stock and Securities 

The Company s
stock price has fluctuated in the past and may be volatile in the future, and as a result, investors in its common stock could incur substantial
losses. 

The
Company s stock price has fluctuated in the past, has recently been volatile, and may be volatile in the future. By way of example,
on May 16, 2022, the reported low sale price of the Company s common stock was 3.10, and the reported high sales price was 3.80.
For comparison purposes, on May 9, 2022, the price of the Company s common stock closed at 2.14 per share, on May 16, 2022, its
stock price closed at 3.45 per share, and on June 21, 2022, its stock price closed at 2.48 per share with no discernable announcements
or developments by the Company or third parties (other than the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). The Company may incur rapid
and substantial decreases in its stock price in the foreseeable future that are unrelated to its operating performance or prospects. In
addition, the recent COVID-19 pandemic has caused broad stock market and industry fluctuations. The stock market has experienced extreme
volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors
may experience losses on their investment in the Company s common stock. The market price for the Company s common stock may
be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

investor reaction to
 the Company s business strategy; 

the success of competitive
 products or technologies; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to the Company s
 products; 

variations in the Company s
 financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

the Company s ability
 or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which it raises it; 

declines
 in the market prices of stocks generally; 

22 

the
 Company s public disclosure of the terms of any financing which it consummates in the future; 

an
 announcement that we have effected a reverse split of the Company s common stock and treasury stock; 

the
 Company s failure to become profitable; 

the
 Company s failure to raise working capital; 

any
 acquisitions we may consummate, including, but not limited to, the Merger; 

announcements
 by the Company or its competitors of significant contracts, new services, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures
 or capital commitments; 

cancellation
 of key contracts; 

the Company s failure
 to meet financial forecasts we publicly disclose; 

trading volume of the
 Company s common stock; 

sales of the Company s
 common stock by it or its stockholders; 

general economic, industry
 and market conditions; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from such events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other
 international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the recent outbreak of the COVID-19
 pandemic, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions,
 whether occurring in the United States or elsewhere, could disrupt the Company s operations, disrupt the operations of its
 suppliers or result in political or economic instability. 

These broad market and industry
factors may seriously harm the market price of the Company s common stock, regardless of its operating performance. Since the stock
price of its common stock has fluctuated in the past, has been recently volatile and may be volatile in the future, investors in its common
stock could incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has
often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against the Company, could result in substantial costs and diversion
of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, results
of operations and growth prospects. There can be no guarantee that the Company s stock price will remain at current prices or that
future sales of its common stock will not be at prices lower than those sold to investors. 

Additionally, recently, securities
of certain companies have experienced significant and extreme volatility in stock price due to short sellers of shares of common stock,
known as a short squeeze. These short squeezes have caused extreme volatility in those companies and in the market and have
led to the price per share of those companies to trade at a significantly inflated rate that is disconnected from the underlying value
of the company. Many investors who have purchased shares in those companies at an inflated rate face the risk of losing a significant
portion of their original investment as the price per share has declined steadily as interest in those stocks has abated. While the Company
has no reason to believe its shares would be the target of a short squeeze, there can be no assurance that it won t be in the future,
and you may lose a significant portion or all of your investment if you purchase the Company s shares at a rate that is significantly
disconnected from its underlying value. 

Upon exercise of the
Company s outstanding options or warrants, it will be obligated to issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock
which will dilute its present shareholders . 

The Company is obligated
to issue additional shares of its common stock in connection with any exercise or conversion, as applicable, of its outstanding options,
warrants, and shares of its convertible preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were options and warrants outstanding into an
aggregate of 2,720,584 shares of common stock. The exercise of warrants or options will cause the Company to issue additional shares of
its common stock and will dilute the percentage ownership of its shareholders. In addition, the Company has in the past, and may in the
future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by other shareholders not
participating in such exchange. 

23 

Offers or availability
for sale of a substantial number of shares of the Company s common stock may cause the price of its common stock to decline . 

Sales of large blocks of
the Company s common stock could depress the price of its common stock. The existence of these shares and shares of common stock
that may be issuable upon conversion or exercise, as applicable, of outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock, warrants and options
create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang which can act as a depressant to the Company s common stock
price. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make the Company s ability
to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities more difficult in the future at a time and price
that we deem reasonable or appropriate. If the Company s existing shareholders and investors seek to convert or exercise such securities
or sell a substantial number of shares of its common stock, such selling efforts may cause significant declines in the market price of
its common stock. In addition, the shares of the Company s common stock included in the Units and underlying warrants sold in the
offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. As a result, a substantial number
of shares of the Company s common stock may be sold in the public market following this offering. If there are significantly more
shares of common stock offered for sale than buyers are willing to purchase, then the market price of the Company s common stock
may decline to a market price at which buyers are willing to purchase the offered common stock and sellers remain willing to sell its
common stock. 

The Company does not
expect to declare any common stock cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The Company does not anticipate
declaring any cash dividends to holders of Data Storage common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, common stockholders may
need to rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on
their investment. 

Because the Company
may issue preferred stock without the approval of its shareholders and have other anti-takeover defenses, it may be more difficult for
a third party to acquire the Company and could depress its stock price. 

In general, the Company s
Board may issue, without a vote of its shareholders, one or more additional series of preferred stock that has more than one vote per
share. Without these restrictions, the Company s Board could issue preferred stock to investors who support it and its management
and give effective control of its business to its management. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock could block an acquisition
resulting in both a drop in the Company s stock price and a decline in interest of its common stock. This could make it more difficult
for shareholders to sell their common stock. This could also cause the market price of the Company s common stock shares to drop
significantly, even if its business is performing well. 

Provisions of Nevada
law could delay or prevent an acquisition of Data Storage, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to its stockholders and could make
it more difficult for stockholders to change Data Storage s management. 

Data Storage Corporation
is subject to anti-takeover provisions under Nevada law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions
may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
prevailing market prices for the Company s securities. These provisions include: limitations on the ability to engage in any combination 
with an interested stockholder (each, as defined in the NRS) for two years from the date the person first becomes an interested
stockholder being subject to Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS and allowing an acquiring person to obtain voting
rights in control shares without shareholder approval; the ability of the Board to issue shares of currently undesignated
and unissued preferred stock without prior stockholder approval; limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings;
and the ability of the Board to amend its amended Bylaws without stockholder approval. For more information, please see the section entitled
 Description of Our Securities That We Are Offering-Nevada Anti-Takeover Statutes . 

24 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company currently has three leases for office
space, with two offices located in Melville, NY, and one office in Boca Raton, FL. The Company s principal offices are located at
48 South Service Road, Suite 203, Melville, NY 11747. We also maintain offices located at 980 North Federal Highway, Suite 302, Boca Raton,
FL 33432. The Company s data centers are in New York, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Florida, and Texas. The Company believes that
its current offices and facilities are adequate for the near future. 

From 2016 until August 31, 2019, we leased office
space in Melville, NY for monthly payments of 8,382. Upon termination of the lease in August 2019, we entered into a new lease for a
technology lab in a smaller space commencing on September 1, 2019. The term of this lease is for three years and 11 months and runs co-terminus
with the Company s existing lease in the same building. The base annual rent is 11,856 payable in equal monthly installments of
 988. 

A second lease for office space in Melville, NY, was
entered into on November 20, 2017, which commenced on April 2, 2018. The term of this lease is five years and three months at 86,268
per year with an escalation of 3 per year with an ending date of July 31, 2023. 

On July 31, 2021, the Company signed a three-year
lease for approximately 2,880 square feet of office space at 980 North Federal Highway, Suite 302, Boca Raton, Florida. The commencement
date of the lease is August 1, 2021. The monthly rent is approximately 4,820. 

The lease for office space in Warwick, RI, called
for monthly payments of 2,324 beginning February 1, 2015, which escalated to 2,460 on February 1, 2017. This lease commenced on February
1, 2015, and originally expired on January 31, 2019. We extended this lease until January 31, 2020, and this lease was further extended
until January 31, 2021. The annual base rent was 31,176 payable in equal monthly installments of 2,598. We have satisfied the terms
of the lease and no longer occupy this premise. 

The Company leases technical space in New York, Massachusetts,
North Carolina, and Florida. These leases are month to month and the monthly rent is approximately 43,650. 

In 2020, the Company entered into a new technical
space lease agreement in Dallas, TX. The lease term is 13 months and requires monthly payments of 1,403 and expires on July 31, 2023. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company may become involved
in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is not presently a party to any
legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to it, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on its business,
operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company
because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock trades on The NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol DTST . 

25 

Holders of the Company s Common Stock 

As of March 30, 2023, we had 33 shareholders of record
of the Company s common stock, one of which was Cede Co., a nominee for Depository Trust Company DTC ). All
the shares of the Company s common stock held by brokerage firms, banks and other financial institutions as nominees for beneficial
owners are deposited into participant accounts at DTC and are therefore considered to be held or recorded by Cede Co. as one stockholder. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has not declared or paid dividends on
common stock since its formation and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration or payment of dividends,
if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of Data Storage s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors or the
 Board and will depend on the then- current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors
deemed relevant by the Board. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock entitles its holder to receive cash dividends at a rate of ten percent
(10 per annum on the original issue price, compounding annually, in preference to holders of common stock. Preferred dividends are accrued
quarterly. No Preferred shares are outstanding and no dividends have been paid to date since retiring in May 2021 one shareholder. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company did not sell any equity securities during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that were not registered under the Securities Act, other than as previously disclosed in its
filings with the SEC. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer purchases of equity securities
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part II-Item 12 under the heading Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters-Equity Compensation Plan Information of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for equity compensation plan information. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure
pursuant to this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion of our plan of operation
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes to the financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our
future financial performance. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include, among others, those listed
under Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors and those included elsewhere in this report. 

26 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 

Data Storage Corporation,
headquartered in Melville, New York, together with its three subsidiaries, DSC now CloudFirst Technologies, Flagship Solutions LLC and
Nexxis, Inc. provides solutions and services to a broad range of clients in several industries, including healthcare, banking and finance,
distribution services, manufacturing, construction, education, and government. The subsidiaries maintain business development teams, as
well as independent distribution companies. As an example, the Company s distribution channel of companies provides long-term subscription-based
disaster recovery and cloud infrastructure without investing in the infrastructure, data centers, telecommunications or specialized technical
staff, which substantially lowers their barrier of entry in providing these solutions to their client base. The distribution company has
typically provided equipment and software. However, a client s awareness in 2022 of the ability to migrate to an IBM Power cloud
infrastructure and disaster recovery affords the distributor the ability to maintain the client and create an annuity year after year.
To further support that awareness, over 90,000 visitors arrived at the Company s websites in 2022. 

During 2021, based on the May capital raise and the
up list to Nasdaq, the Company added distribution, business development representatives, marketing, and technical personnel. Management
continues to be focused on building the Company s sales and marketing strategy and expanding its technology assets throughout its
data center network. 

The Company s business offices are in New York
and Florida. The offices include a technology center and lab, adapted to meet the technical requirements of the Company s clients.
The Company maintains its own infrastructure, storage, and networking equipment required to provide subscription solutions in seven geographically
diverse data centers located in New York, Massachusetts, Texas, Florida and North Carolina, and in Canada, Toronto, and Barrie, serving
clients in the United States and Canada. 

The Company s Business Continuity Solutions
allow clients to quickly recover from system outages, human and natural disasters, and cyber security attacks, such as Ransomware. The
Company s Managed Cloud Services starts with migration to the cloud and provides ongoing system support and management that enables
its clients to run their software applications and technical workloads in a multi-cloud environment. The Company s Cyber Security
offerings include comprehensive consultation and a suite of data security, disaster recovery, and remote monitoring services and technologies
that can be incorporated into the Company s cloud solutions or be delivered as a standalone managed security offering covering
the client site endpoint devices, users, servers, and equipment. 

 Solution architects and the
Company s business development teams work with organizations identifying and solving critical business problems. The Company carefully
plans and manages the migration and configuration process, continuing the relationship and advising its clients long after the services
have been implemented. As of this filing the Company provides our clients subscription-based, long-term agreements for cloud disaster
recovery, cloud infrastructure, telecommunications solutions, and high processing on-site computing power and software solutions. While
a significant portion of our revenue has been subscription-based, we also generate revenue from the sale of equipment and software for
cybersecurity, data storage, IBM Power systems equipment and managed service solutions. 

2022 Business Update 

On May 31, 2021, the Company
completed a merger (the Merger under an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Flagship
Solutions, LLC Flagship (a Florida limited liability company) and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Data Storage
FL, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. Flagship is a provider of IBM solutions, managed services, cyber security and cloud solutions.
The Company expects that Flagship s business will be synergistic with the Company s existing IBM business and anticipates
meaningful operation efficiency of the two organizations. The Company also believes the Merger will provide the combined entities a comprehensive
one-stop provider to cross-sell solutions across each organization s respective enterprise, as well as middle-market customers.
Key offerings for the combined companies are expected to include a wide array of multi-cloud information technology solutions in highly
secure, reliable enterprise level cloud services for companies using IBM Power systems, Microsoft Windows and Linux, including: Infrastructure
as a Service (IaaS), Disaster Recovery of digital information (DRaaS), and Cyber Security as a Service (CSaaS). 

27 

Flagship focuses on the IBM
user community with solutions and services such as, equipment, software, cyber security, and managed cloud solutions globally. The Company
expects that Flagship s business will be synergistic with the Company s existing IBM user community focus and anticipates
meaningful operation efficiency through the integration the organizations. The Company also believes the Merger will also provide the
combined entities a comprehensive one-stop provider to cross-sell solutions across each organization s respective enterprise, as
well as middle-market customers. Key offerings for the combined companies are expected to include a wide array of multi-cloud information
technology solutions in highly secure, reliable enterprise level cloud services for companies using IBM Power systems, Microsoft Windows
and Linux, including: cloud Infrastructure as a Service, Disaster Recovery of digital information, and Cyber Security as a Service. The
Company intends to continue its strategy of growth through synergistic acquisitions. 

The Company s offices
are in New York and Florida including technology centers, which are adapted to meet the requirements of its clients. In addition to office
staffing, the Company employs additional remote staff. The Company maintains its infrastructure, storage and networking equipment required
to provide our subscription solutions in seven geographically diverse data centers located in New York, Massachusetts, Texas, Florida,
North Carolina and Canada. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to December
31, 2021 

Revenue 

Sales for the year ended
December 31, 2022, increased by approximately 60 to 23,870,837 as compared to sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 14,876,227.
The Company derives its sales from five types of services that we provide: infrastructure disaster recovery / cloud services which
is the largest source of our sales, followed by equipment and software sales, managed services, professional fees, and Nexxis, VOIP and
internet access services. The cloud infrastructure disaster recovery/cloud services are subscription-based. We also provide equipment
and software and actively participate in collaboration with IBM to provide innovative business solutions to clients. The professional
services are providing the client cloud infrastructure and or Disaster Recovery implementation services as well as time and materials
billing. Substantially all of the Company s sales were to customers in the United States, with less than 2 of its sales to international
customers. 

The following chart details the changes in the Company s
sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

For
 the Year 

Ended
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Cloud Infrastructure
 Disaster Recovery 
 8,300,378 
 7,203,246 
 1,097,132 
 15 
 
 Equipment and Software 
 6,194,634 
 2,080,463 
 4,114,171 
 198 
 
 Managed Services 
 8,445,455 
 4,661,777 
 3,783,678 
 81 
 
 Nexxis
 VoIP Services 
 799,675 
 772,344 
 27,331 
 4 
 
 Other 
 130,695 
 158,397 
 (27,702 
 (17 
 
 Total
 Sales 
 23,870,837 
 14,876,227 
 8,994,610 
 60 

Expenses 

Cost of Sales. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of sales was 15,787,544, an increase of 7,328,427 or 87 compared to 8,459,117 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 7,328,427 was mostly related to the increase in overall sales and the increase in
sales which resulted from the Flagship merger. 

Impairment of goodwill . During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an Impairment of goodwill of 2,322,000 regarding its Flagship segment . 
 Selling,
general and administrative expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses were 9,837,308,
an increase of 2,653,126, or 37 , as compared to 7,184,182 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net [increase/decrease] is
reflected in the chart below. 

28 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 
 For
 the Year 

Ended
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Increase
 in Salaries 
 5,199,513 
 3,768,804 
 1,430,709 
 38 
 
 Increase
 in Professional Fees 
 927,441 
 804,755 
 122,686 
 15 
 
 Increase
 in Software as a Service Expense 
 230,725 
 228,119 
 2,606 
 1 
 
 Increase
 in Advertising Expenses 
 966,248 
 541,788 
 424,460 
 78 
 
 Increase
 in Commissions Expense 
 1,301,949 
 968,415 
 333,534 
 34 
 
 Decrease
 in Amortization and Depreciation Expense 
 294,477 
 342,516 
 (48,039 
 (14 
 
 Increase
 in Travel and Entertainment Expense 
 280,763 
 127,676 
 153,087 
 120 
 
 Increase
 in Rent and Occupancy Expense 
 219,545 
 130,835 
 88,710 
 68 
 
 Increase
 in Insurance Expense 
 111,294 
 75,270 
 36,024 
 48 
 
 Increase
 in all other Expenses 
 305,353 
 196,004 
 109,349 
 56 
 
 Total
 Expenses 
 9,837,308 
 7,184,182 
 2,653,126 
 37 

Salaries. Salaries
increased as a result of the increased staff due to the Flagship merger, the hiring of our Chief Financial Officer and the increase in
stock-based compensation. 

Professional fees. Professional
fees increased primarily due to a new investor relations firm, an increase in legal fees, and an increase in fees associated with being
on NASDAQ. 

Advertising Expenses. Advertising
Expenses increased primarily due to the Flagship merger and the company sponsoring American mixed martial arts events. 

Commissions Expense. Commissions
expenses increased due to the Flagship merger and the sales associated with Flagship. 

Travel
And Entertainment. Travel And Entertainment increased primarily due to the Flagship merger and
the lifting of Covid-19 restrictions. 

Rent
and Occupancy. Rent and Occupancy increased primarily due to the Flagship merger and the WeWork in Austin, TX that started in
January 2022. 

 All
Other Expenses . Increased primarily due to the Flagship merger. 

Other Income (Expense). Other income for the
year ended December 31, 2022, decreased 960,210 to (332,848) from 627,362 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other
income is primarily attributable to the increase in interest expense, the increase in impairment of deferred offering costs, and the decrease
from the gain on forgiveness of debt from the PPP loan. 

(Net Loss) before provision for income taxes . Net
loss before provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 4,408,863, as compared to a net loss of 139,710 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP applicable
for a going concern, which assumes that the Company will realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the ordinary course of business. 

To the extent the Company
is successful in growing its business, identifying potential acquisition targets, and negotiating the terms of such acquisition, and the
purchase price may include a cash component, the Company plans to use its working capital and the proceeds of any financing to finance
such acquisition costs. 

29 

The Company s opinion
concerning its liquidity is based on current information. If this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, The
Company may not be able to meet its liquidity needs, which will require a renegotiation of related party capital equipment leases, a reduction
in advertising and marketing programs, and/or a reduction in salaries for officers that are major shareholders. 

The Company has long-term
contracts to supply its subscription-based solutions that are invoiced to clients monthly. The Company believes its total contract value
of its subscription contracts with clients based on the actual contracts that it has to date, exceeds 10 million. Further, the Company
continues to see an uptick in client interest distribution channel expansion and in sales proposals. In 2023, the Company intends to continue
to work to increase its presence in the IBM Power I infrastructure cloud and business continuity marketplace in the niche
of IBM Power and in the disaster recovery global marketplace utilizing its technical expertise, data centers utilization,
assets deployed in the data centers, 24 x 365 monitoring and software. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, Data Storage s cash decreased 9,849,081 to 2,286,722 from 12,135,803 December 31, 2021. Net cash of 663,801 was provided
by Data Storage s operating activities resulting primarily from changes in assets and liabilities. Net cash of 9,138,225 was used
in investing activities from the purchase of short-term investments and capital expenditures. Net cash of 1,374,657 was used in financing
activities resulting primarily in payments on finance lease obligations and payments for deferred offering costs. This was offset by the
cash received for the exercised options. 

The Company s working
capital was 10,855,407 on December 31, 2022, decreasing by 1,229,408 from 12,084,815 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily
attributable to a decrease in cash, deferred revenue, and leases payable related party. This was offset by an increase in short-term investments,
accounts receivables, prepaids and other current assets, accounts payable, and leases payable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements,
financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as special purpose entities . 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Adjusted EBITDA 

To supplement our consolidated
financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP and to provide investors with additional information regarding our financial results,
we consider and are including herein Adjusted EBITDA, a Non-GAAP financial measure. We view Adjusted EBITDA as an operating performance
measure and, as such, we believe that the GAAP financial measure most directly comparable to it is net income (loss). We define Adjusted
EBITDA as net income adjusted for interest and financing fees, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and other non-cash
income and expenses. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides us an important measure of operating performance because it allows management,
investors, debt holders and others to evaluate and compare ongoing operating results from period to period by removing the impact of our
asset base, any asset disposals or impairments, stock-based compensation and other non-cash income and expense items associated with our
reliance on issuing equity-linked debt securities to fund our working capital. 

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA
has limitations as an analytical tool, and this measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our
results as reported under GAAP, as the excluded items may have significant effects on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally,
our measure of Adjusted EBITDA may differ from other companies measure of Adjusted EBITDA. When evaluating our performance, Adjusted
EBITDA should be considered with other financial performance measures, including various cash flow metrics, net income and other GAAP
results. In the future, we may disclose different non-GAAP financial measures in order to help our investors and others more meaningfully
evaluate and compare our future results of operations to our previously reported results of operations. 

30 

The following table shows
our reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively: 

For
 the Year Ended 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net
 (Loss) Income 
 (4,408,863 
 259,921 

Non-GAAP
 adjustments: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 1,225,911 
 1,284,345 
 
 Benefit
 from income taxes 
 
 (399,631 
 
 Flagship
 acquisition costs 
 770 
 135,512 
 
 Interest
 income and expense 
 130,087 
 126,746 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 2,322,000 

Loss
 on disposal of assets 
 
 44,732 
 
 Gain
 on forgiveness of debt 
 
 (798,840 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 734,479 
 171,798 

Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 4,384 
 824,58 3 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

We believe that the following accounting policies
are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Estimated Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

The Company s
financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and, lease commitments. Management believes the estimated fair
value of these accounts on December 31 ,2022, approximate their carrying value as reflected in the balance sheet due to the short-term
nature. The carrying values of certain of the Company s notes payable and capital lease obligations approximate their fair values
based upon a comparison of the interest rate and terms of such debt given the level of risk to the rates and terms of similar debt currently
available to the Company in the marketplace. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property and
equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives or the term of the lease using the straight-line method
for financial statement purposes. Estimated useful lives in years for depreciation are five to seven years for property and
equipment. Additions, betterments and replacements are capitalized, while expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations
when incurred. As units of property are sold or retired, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts,
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income. 

Deferred
Offering Costs 

The Company
capitalizes certain legal, professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in-process equity financings
as deferred offering costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of the equity financing, these costs are recorded
in stockholders deficit as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of the offering. Should the planned
equity financing be abandoned, the deferred offering costs will be expensed immediately as a charge to other income and expenses in the
consolidated statement of operations. In accordance with this policy, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company expensed
financing costs of 127,343 and 0, respectively. 

Goodwill
and Other Intangibles 

The Company
tests goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment on at least an annual basis. Impairment exists if the carrying value of a reporting
unit exceeds its estimated fair value. To determine the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets, the Company uses many assumptions
and estimates using a market participant approach that directly impact the results of the testing. In making these assumptions and estimates,
the Company uses industry accepted valuation models and set criteria that are reviewed and approved by various levels of management. 

The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual
basis on December 31, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change indicating that the fair value of the goodwill may be
below its carrying amount. The Company has four reporting units. The Company uses an income-based approach to determine the fair value
of the reporting units. This approach uses a discounted cash flow methodology and the ability of our reporting units to generate cash
flows as measures of fair value of our reporting units. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill. The Company performed the qualitative assessment as permitted by ASC 350-20
and determined for three of its reporting units that the fair value of those reporting units was more likely than not greater than their
carrying value, including Goodwill. However, based on this qualitative assessment, the Company determined that the carrying value of the
Flagship reporting units was more likely than not greater than its carrying value, including Goodwill. Based on the completion of the
annual impairment test, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 2,322,000 and 0 for goodwill for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

Nature of
goods and services 

The following
is a description of the products and services from which the Company generates revenue, as well as the nature, timing of satisfaction
of performance obligations, and significant payment terms for each: 

1) 
 Cloud Infrastructure and Disaster Recovery Revenue 

Cloud
Infrastructure provides clients the ability to migrate their on-premise computing and digital storage to DSC s enterprise-level
technical compute and digital storage assets located in Tier 3 data centers. Data Storage Corporation owns the assets and provides a turnkey
solution whereby achieving reliable and cost-effective, multi-tenant IBM Power compute, x86/intel, flash digital storage, while providing
disaster recovery and cyber security while eliminating client capital expenditures. The client pays a monthly fee and can increase capacity
as required. 

Clients
can subscribe to an array of disaster recovery solutions without subscribing to cloud infrastructure. Product offerings provided directly
from DSC are High Availability, Data Vaulting and retention solutions, including standby servers which allows clients to centralize and
streamline their mission-critical digital information and technical environment while ensuring business continuity if they experience
a cyber-attack or natural disaster Client s data is vaulted, at two data centers with the maintenance of retention schedules for
corporate governances and regulations all to meet their back to work objective in a disaster. 

2) 
 Managed Services 

These services
are performed at the inception of a contract. The Company provides professional assistance to its clients during the implementation processes.
On-boarding and set-up services ensure that the solution or software is installed properly and function as designed to provide clients
with the best solutions. In addition, clients that are managed service clients have a requirement for DSC to offer time and material billing
supplementing the client s staff. 

The Company
also derives both one-time and subscription-based revenue, from providing support, management and renewal of software, hardware, third
party maintenance contracts and third-party cloud services to clients. The managed services include help desk, remote access, operating
system and software patch management, annual recovery tests and manufacturer support for equipment and on-gong monitoring of client system
performance. 

3) 
 Equipment and Software 

The Company
provides equipment and software and actively participates in collaboration with IBM to provide innovative business solutions to clients.
The Company is a partner of IBM and the various software, infrastructure and hybrid cloud solutions provided to clients. 

4) 
 Nexxis Voice over Internet and Direct Internet Access 

The Company
provides VoIP, Internet access and data transport services to ensure businesses are fully connected to the internet from any location,
remote and on premise. The company provides Hosted VoIP solutions with equipment options for IP phones and internet speeds of up to 10Gb
delivered over fiber optics. 

Transaction
price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 

The Company
has the following performance obligations: 

1) 
 Data Vaulting : Subscription-based cloud service that encrypts and transfers data to a secure Tier 3 data center and further replicates the data to a second Tier 3 DSC technical center where it remains encrypted. Ensuring client retention schedules for corporate compliance and disaster recovery. Provides for twenty-four (24) hour or less recovery time and utilizes advanced data reduction, reduplication technology to shorten back-up and restore time. 

2) 
 High Availability : A managed cloud subscription-based service that provides cost-effective mirroring software replication technology and provides one (1) hour or less recovery time for a client to be back in business. 

3) 
 Cloud Infrastructure : subscription-based cloud service provides for capacity on-demand for IBM Power and X86 Intel server systems. 

4) 
 Internet : Subscription-based service, offering continuous internet connection combined with FailSAFE which provides disaster recovery for both a clients voice and data environments. 

5) 
 Support and Maintenance : Subscription based service offers support for clients on their servers, firewalls, desktops or software. Services are provided 24x7x365 to our clients. 

6) 
 Implementation / Set-Up Fees : Onboarding and set-up for cloud infrastructure and disaster recovery as well as Cyber Security. 

7) 
 Equipment sales : Sale of servers and data storage equipment to the client. 

9) 
 License : Granting SSL certificates and licenses. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company
reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not
be recoverable. An impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value is recognized if the carrying
amount exceeds estimated un-discounted future cash flows. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The Company
follows the requirements of FASB ASC 718-10-10, Share-Based Payments with regards to stock-based compensation issued
to employees and non-employees. The Company has agreements and arrangements that call for stock to be awarded to the employees and consultants
at various times as compensation and periodic bonuses. The expense for this stock-based compensation is equal to the fair value of the
stock price on the day the stock was awarded multiplied by the number of shares awarded. The Company has a relatively low forfeiture
rate of stock-based compensation and forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 

The
valuation methodology used to determine the fair value of the options issued during the period is the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The Black-Scholes model requires the use of a number of assumptions including the volatility of the stock price, the average risk-free
interest rate, and the weighted average expected life of the options. Risk-free interest rates are calculated based on continuously compounded
risk-free rates for the appropriate term. The dividend yield is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid or declared any cash
dividends on its Common Stock and does not intend to pay dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. The expected forfeiture
rate is estimated based on management s best assessment. 

Estimated volatility
is a measure of the amount by which DSC s stock price is expected to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the award.
The Company s calculation of estimated volatility is based on historical stock prices over a period equal to the expected life of
the awards. 

RECENTLY ISSUED AND NEWLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In June 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU-2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 affects loans, debt securities, trade receivables, and any other financial assets that have the
contractual right to receive cash. The ASU requires an entity to recognize expected credit losses rather than incurred losses for financial
assets. ASU 2016-13 is effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within that fiscal year.
The Company expects that there would be no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements upon the adoption
of this ASU. 

In
November 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. This ASU requires entities to recognize and measure
contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606). The update will generally result in the recognition of contract assets and contract liabilities at amounts consistent
with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date rather than at fair value. The adoption of ASU 2021-08 did
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

31 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET TRANSACTIONS 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, this item is not required. 

32 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

Index
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 00 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Data Storage Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Data Storage Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Data Storage Corporation and Subsidiaries 

The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment
involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model
to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, which requires management to make subjective estimates and assumptions related to forecasts
of cash flows such as revenue growth rates and estimates of the weighted average cost of capital rate. Changes in these assumptions could
have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. Management determined that
the carrying value of its Flagship reporting unit exceeded the fair value as of the measurement date and as a result, an impairment of
 2.3 million was recognized in the fourth quarter. 

Given the significant judgments made by management
to estimate the fair value of the Flagship reporting unit, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s
estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of cash flows, such as revenue growth rates, and estimates of the weighted average
cost of capital rate, required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

Obtaining valuation reports
prepared by valuation specialists engaged by management to assist in the determination of fair value of goodwill. 

Examining the completeness
and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates used in the valuation reports, including historical
and projected financial information. 

Utilizing personnel with specialized
skills and knowledge in valuation to assist in: (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models, and (ii) assessing the reasonableness
of the assumptions used in the determination of fair values. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

DATA
 STORAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
31, 2022 
 
 December
31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
Assets: 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Accounts
receivable (less allowance for credit losses of 
 and 
 in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Marketable
securities 

- 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets 

Total
Current Assets 

Property
and Equipment: 

Property
and equipment 

Less Accumulated
depreciation 

() 

() 
 
 Net
Property and Equipment 

Other
Assets: 

Goodwill 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets 

Other
assets 

Intangible
assets, net 

Total
Other Assets 

Total
Assets 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
Liabilities: 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred
revenue 

Finance
leases payable 

Finance
leases payable related party 

Operating
lease liabilities short term 

Total
Current Liabilities 

Operating
lease liabilities 

Finance
leases payable 

Finance
leases payable related party 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
Liabilities 

Commitments
and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders 
Equity: 

Preferred
stock, Series A par value ;
 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021,
respectively 

Common
stock, par value ;
 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021,
respectively 

Additional
paid in capital 

Accumulated
deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total
Data Storage Corp Stockholders Equity 

Non-controlling
interest in consolidated subsidiary 

() 

() 
 
 Total
Stockholder s Equity 

Total
Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

DATA
 STORAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross Profit 

Impairment of goodwill 

Selling, general and administrative 

Loss from Operations 

() 

() 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment of deferred offering costs and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts 

() 

Other Expense 

() 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

() 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

() 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

Net Income (Loss) 

() 

Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiary 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Data Storage Corp 

() 

Preferred Stock Dividends 

() 

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders 

() 

Earnings per Share Basic 

() 

Earning pers Share Diluted 

() 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Basic 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

DATA
 STORAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Non-Controlling
 Interest 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance
 January 1, 2021 

Conversion
 of preferred series to stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock and warrants 

Stock
 Options Exercise 

Stock
 warrants exercise 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Stock
 options exercise 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 (Loss) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

DATA
 STORAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash
Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
(loss) income 

() 

Adjustments
to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Stock
based compensation 

Gain
on forgiveness of debt 

() 
 
 Impairment
of deferred offering costs and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts 

Impairment
of goodwill 

Loss
on disposal of equipment 

Deferred
income taxes, release of valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Changes
in Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts
receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Other
assets 

() 
 
 Prepaid
expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 
 
 Right
of use asset 

() 
 
 Accounts
payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Deferred
revenue 

() 

() 
 
 Operating
lease liability 

() 

Net
Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 

() 
 
 Cash
Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investor
deposit 

() 
 
 Capital
expenditures 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase
of marketable securities 

() 

- 

Cash
acquired in business acquisition 

Cash
consideration for business acquisition 

() 
 
 Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

() 

() 
 
 Cash
Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from
line of credit 

Repayments
of finance lease obligations related party 

() 

() 
 
 Repayments
of finance lease obligations 

() 

() 
 
 Payments
for deferred offering costs 

() 

Proceeds
from issuance of common stock and warrants 

Cash
received for the exercise of Warrants 

Cash
received for the exercise of options 

Repayments
of Dividend payable 

() 
 
 Repayment
of line of credit 

() 
 
 Net
Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

() 

Increase
(decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

() 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 

Supplemental
Disclosures: 

Cash
paid for interest 

Cash
paid for income taxes 

Non-cash
investing and financing activities: 

Accrual
of preferred stock dividend 

Assets
acquired by finance lease 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

DATA STORAGE CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Unrealized
gains 

As
of December 31, 2022 

As of December
30, 2022, DSC had two customers with an accounts receivable balance representing and of total accounts receivable. As
of December 31, 2021, the Company had one customer with an accounts receivable balance representing of total accounts receivable. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two customers that accounted for and of revenue. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company had one customer that accounted for of revenue. 

days. The allowance for credit losses reflects the estimated accounts receivable
that will not be collected due to credit losses. Provisions for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable are made for individual accounts
based upon specific facts and circumstances including criteria such as their age, amount, and customer standing. Provisions are also made
for other accounts receivable not specifically reviewed based upon historical experience. Clients are invoiced in advance for services
as reflected in deferred revenue on the Company s balance sheet. 

and , respectively. 

and 0 for goodwill for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The Company
also derives both one-time and subscription-based revenue, from providing support, management and renewal of software, hardware, third
party maintenance contracts and third-party cloud services to clients. The managed services include help desk, remote access, operating
system and software patch management, annual recovery tests and manufacturer support for equipment and on-gong monitoring of client system
performance. 

3) 
 Equipment and Software 

The Company
provides equipment and software and actively participate in collaboration with IBM to provide innovative business solutions to clients.
The Company is a partner of IBM and the various software, infrastructure and hybrid cloud solutions provided to clients. 

4) 
 Nexxis Voice over Internet and Direct Internet Access 

The Company
provides VoIP, Internet access and data transport services to ensure businesses are fully connected to the internet from any location,
remote and on premise. The company provides Hosted VoIP solutions with equipment options for IP phones and internet speeds of up to 10Gb
delivered over fiber optics. 

Disaggregation
of revenue 

In the following
table, revenue is disaggregated by major product line, geography, and timing of revenue recognition. 

Equipment and Software 

Managed Services 

Nexxis VoIP Services 

Other 

Total
 Revenue 

For
 the Year 
 
 Ended
 December 31, 2021 

United
 States 
 International 
 Total 
 
 Cloud Infrastructure
 Disaster Recovery 

Equipment and Software 

Managed Services 

Nexxis Services 

Other 

Total Revenue 

For
 the Years 
 
 Ended
 December 31, 
 
 Timing
 of revenue recognition 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Products transferred
 at a point in time 

Products
 and services transferred over time 

Total
 Revenue 

Contract receivables
are recorded at the invoiced amount and are uncollateralized, non-interest-bearing client obligations. Provisions for estimated uncollectible
accounts receivable are made for individual accounts based upon specific facts and circumstances including criteria such as their age,
amount, and client standing. 

Sales are generally
recorded in the month the service is provided. For clients who are billed on an annual basis, deferred revenue is recorded and amortized
over the life of the contract. 

Transaction
price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 

The Company
has the following performance obligations: 

1) 
 Data Vaulting :
 Subscription-based cloud service that encrypts and transfers data to a secure Tier 3 data center and further replicates the data
 to a second Tier 3 DSC technical center where it remains encrypted. Ensuring client retention schedules for corporate compliance
 and disaster recovery. Provides for twenty-four (24) hour or less recovery time and utilizes advanced data reduction, reduplication
 technology to shorten back-up and restore time. 

2) 
 High Availability :
 A managed cloud subscription-based service that provides cost-effective mirroring software replication technology and provides one
 (1) hour or less recovery time for a client to be back in business. 

3) 
 Cloud Infrastructure :
 subscription-based cloud service provides for capacity on-demand for IBM Power and X86 Intel server systems. 

4) 
 Internet : Subscription-based
 service, offering continuous internet connection combined with FailSAFE which provides disaster recovery for both a clients 
 voice and data environments. 

5) 
 Support and Maintenance :
 Subscription based service offers support for clients on their servers, firewalls, desktops or software. Services are provided 24x7x365
 to our clients. 

6) 
 Implementation / Set-Up
 Fees : Onboarding and set-up for cloud infrastructure and disaster recovery as well as Cyber Security. 

7) 
 Equipment sales :
 Sale of servers and data storage equipment to the client. 

9) 
 License : Granting
 SSL certificates and licenses. 

and for advertising costs
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Estimated volatility
is a measure of the amount by which DSC s stock price is expected to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the award.
The Company s calculation of estimated volatility is based on historical stock prices over a period equal to the expected life of
the awards. 

Weighted average number
 of common shares - basic 

Dilutive
 securities 

Options 

Warrants 

Weighted
 average number of common shares - diluted 

Earnings
 (Loss) per share, basic 

Earnings
 (Loss) per share, diluted 

The following
table sets forth the number of potential shares of common stock that have been excluded from diluted net income (loss) per share net income
(loss) per share because their effect was anti-dilutive: 

Warrants 

Prepaid Subscriptions and
 license 

Prepaid Maintenance 

Prepaid Insurance 

Other 

Total
 prepaids and other current assets 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer hardware and software 

Data
 center equipment 

Gross
 Property and equipment 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

Net
 property and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Trademarks 

Total
 intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Intangible
 assets subject to amortization 

Customer
 lists 

ABC
 acquired contracts 

SIAS
 acquired contracts 

Non-compete
 agreements 

Website
 and Digital Assets 

Total
 intangible assets subject to amortization 

Total
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Scheduled amortization over the next
five years are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Amortization expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and respectively. 

payable in equal monthly installments of
 . 

A second lease
for office space in Melville, NY, was entered into on November 20, 2017, which commenced on April 2, 2018. The term of this lease is five
years and three months at per year with an escalation of 3 per year and expires on . 

On July
31, 2021, the Company signed a three-year lease for approximately 2,880 square feet of office space at 980 North
Federal Highway, Boca Raton, FL. The commencement date of the lease was . The monthly rent is approximately . 

The Company
leases cages and racks for technical space in Tier 3 data centers in New York, Massachusetts, North Carolina and Florida. These leases
are month to month. The monthly rent is approximately . The Company also leases technical space in Dallas, TX. The lease term is
thirteen months and monthly payments are . The lease term expires on July 31, 2023. 

On January 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space with WeWork in Austin, TX. The lease term is six months and requires
monthly payments of and expires on . Subsequent to June 30, 2022, the company is on a month-to-month
lease with WeWork in Austin, TX. 

Finance Lease
Obligations 

On June 1, 2020,
the Company entered into a lease agreement with a finance company to lease technical equipment. The lease obligation is payable in
monthly installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

On June 29,
2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement for technical equipment with a finance company. The lease obligation is payable in
monthly installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

On July 31,
2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement for technical equipment with a finance company. The lease obligation is payable in monthly
installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

On November
1, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement with a finance company for technical equipment. The lease obligation is payable in
monthly installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease
ends . 

On January 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with a finance company for technical equipment. The lease obligation is payable in monthly
installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

On January 1,
2022, the Company entered into a technical equipment lease with a finance company. The lease obligation is payable in monthly installments
of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

Finance Lease Obligations 
Related Party 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading Inc. Systems Trading to refinance all equipment leases into one lease. This lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with bi-monthly installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a four-year lease. The term of the lease ends . Systems Trading is owned and operated by Harold Schwartz the president of CloudFirst. 

On January 1,
2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading. This lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with monthly
installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a five-year lease. The term of the lease ends . 

On April 1,
2019, the Company entered into two lease agreements with Systems Trading to add data center equipment. The first lease calls for monthly
installments of and expires on . It carries an interest rate of . The second lease calls for monthly
installments of and expires on . It carries an interest rate of . 

On January 1,
2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading to lease equipment. The lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading
with monthly installments of . The lease carries an interest rate of and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease
ends . 

On March 4,
2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading effective April 1, 2021. This lease obligation is payable to Systems
Trading with monthly installments of and expires on . The lease carries an interest rate of . 

On January 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading effective January 1, 2022. This lease obligation is payable to Systems
Trading with monthly installments of and expires on . The lease carries an interest rate of . 

On April 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading effective May 1, 2022. This lease obligation is payable to Systems
Trading with monthly installments of and expires on . The lease carries an interest rate of . 

The Company
determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Right of Use ROU assets represent the Company s right
to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the
lease term. The Company s lease term includes options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that
option. Leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, per the election of the practical expedient. ROU
assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease
term. The Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable
lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or
a rate are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the
period incurred. A discount rate of was used in preparation of the ROU asset and operating liabilities. 

The components of lease expense were
as follows: 

Interest
 on lease liabilities, included in interest expense 

Operating lease: 

Amortization
 of assets, included in total operating expense 

Interest
 on lease liabilities, included in total operating expense 

Total
 net lease cost 

Supplemental balance sheet
 information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating Leases: 

Operating
 lease right-of-use asset 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent
 operating lease liabilities 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

December
 31, 2022 
 
 Finance leases: 

Property and equipment,
 at cost 

Accumulated
 amortization 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Current obligations of finance
 leases 

Finance
 leases, net of current obligations 

Total
 finance lease liabilities 

Supplemental cash flow and other
information related to leases were as follows: 

Financing cash flows related
 to finance leases 

Weighted average remaining
 lease term (in years): 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Long-term obligations under the operating
and finance leases at December 31, 2022, mature as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 Amounts representing interest 

Total
 lease obligations 

Less:
 long-term obligations 

Total
 current 

As of
December 31, 2022, the Company had no additional significant operating or finance leases that had not yet commenced. Rent expense
under all operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and
 ,
respectively. 

million in payments over the next years. 

, and bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.00 per annum, payable monthly commencing on November
5, 2020. Funds from the loan may only be used to retain workers and maintain payroll or make mortgage payments, lease payments and utility
payments. Management used the entire Loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the Loan may
be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded interest of 6,140. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the PPP loan and accrued interest were forgiven and the Company
recorded a gain on forgiveness of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company assumed the PPP loan of Flagship Solutions, LLC in the amount of 307,300. During the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company recorded interest of 3,423. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the PPP loan and accrued interest were forgiven
and the Company recorded a gain on forgiveness of debt on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

authorized shares of capital stock, consisting of shares of Common Stock, par value 0 ,
and shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0 per share. 

On May 13, 2021, the Company
entered into an underwritten public offering of an aggregate of units, each consisting of one share of the Company s
Common Stock, par value 0 per share, together with one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price equal
to per share of Common Stock. 

The public offering price
was per Unit and the underwriters agreed to purchase Units at a discount to the public offering
price. The Company granted the representative a 45-day option to purchase an additional shares of Common Stock and/or
an additional Warrants, in any combination thereof, to cover over-allotments. On May 15, 2021, the representative exercised
the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. The net
proceeds from the offering were million. 

On May 14, 2021,
the Company effected a 1-for-40 reverse stock split. As a result, all share information in the accompanying financial statements
has been adjusted as if the reverse stock split happened on the earliest date presented. 

On July 21, 2021, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain accredited institutional investors resulting in the raise of
 in
gross proceeds to the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company agreed to sell, (i) an aggregate
of shares
of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0 per
share and (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per
share, subject to adjustment. 

The placement agent
was entitled to a cash fee of of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the reimbursement for certain out-of-pocket expenses
up to . The net proceeds from the offering were 7.5 million. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, employees exercised options via cashless exercise, into shares of common stock. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, warrant holders exercised Warrants into Common Stock . The Company received for
these Warrants . 

On May 1, 2022,
the Company issued shares of its Restricted Common Stock to employees in exchange for services at a fair value of . 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, employees exercised options into shares of Common Stock . The Company received for
these options. 

Common Stock
Options 

A summary of
the Company s options activity and related information follows: 

-

Options
 Granted 

- 

Exercised 

Expired/Cancelled 

- 

Options
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Options
 Granted 

- 

Exercised 
 
 - 

Expired/Cancelled 

- 

Options
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

Options
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

Share-based
compensation expense for options totaling and was recognized in our results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
and 2021, respectively. 

The valuation
methodology used to determine the fair value of the options issued during the year was the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes
model requires the use of a number of assumptions including the volatility of the stock price, the average risk-free interest rate, and
the weighted average expected life of the options. 

The risk-free
interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period is appropriate
for the term of the options. 

Estimated volatility
is a measure of the amount by which the Company s stock price is expected to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the
award. The Company s calculation of estimated volatility is based on historical stock prices of the Company over a period equal
to the expected life of the awards. 

As of December
31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested employee options granted under the Company s
share-based compensation plans that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 

The
weighted average fair value of options granted, and the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model during the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, are set forth in the table below. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Expected life (years) 

years 

years 

Dividend yield 

Share-based
awards, restricted stock award RSAs 

On March 31,
2022, the Board resolved that, the Company shall pay each member of the Board, compensation as a group amount to . The shares
vest one year after issuance. 

On June 30,
2022, the Board resolved that, the Company shall pay each member of the Board, compensation as a group amount to . The shares
vest one year after issuance. 

On September
30, 2022, the Board resolved that, the Company shall pay each member of the Board, compensation as a group amount to . The
shares vest one year after issuance. 

On December
31, 2022, the Board resolved that, the Company shall pay each member of the Board, compensation as a group amount to . The
shares vest one year after issuance. 

A summary of
the activity related to RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022, is presented below: 

-

RSUs
 vested 

RSUs
 forfeited 

RSUs
 non-vested December 31, 2022 

- 

Stock-based
compensation for RSU s has been recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and totaled 52,285 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Common Stock
Warrant 

A summary of
the Company s warrant activity and related information follows: 

Warrant
 Granted 
 
 - 

Exercised 

Expired/Cancelled 

Warrant
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 

Warrant
 Granted 

Warrant
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Warrant
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Preferred Stock 

Liquidation preference 

Upon any liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of
any Common Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation legally available
for distribution to stockholders, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder, an amount per share of Series A Preferred
Stock equal to the Original Issue Price for such share of Series A Preferred Stock plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on such share
of Series A Preferred Stock as of the date of the Liquidation Event. No Preferred shares are issued as of December 31, 2021. 

Conversion 

The number of
shares of Common Stock to which a share of Series A Preferred Stock may be converted shall be the product obtained by dividing the Original
Issue Price of such share of Series A Preferred Stock by the then-effective Conversion Price (as defined herein) for such share of Series
A Preferred Stock. The Conversion Price for the Series A Preferred Stock shall initially be equal to 0.02 and shall be adjusted from
time to time. 

Voting 

Each holder
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes, upon any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
(or action taken by written consent in lieu of any such meeting) equal to the number of shares of Class B Common Stock into which such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock could be converted. 

Dividends 

Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of all common stock, shall entitle its holder to receive, but only out of
funds that are legally available therefore, cash dividends at the rate of ten percent per annum from the Original Issue Date on the Original Issue Price for such share of Series A Preferred Stock, compounding annually
unless paid by the Company. On May 18, 2021, the Company converted shares
of Series A Preferred Stock into 43,806 shares of common stock. As part of this transaction, the Company also paid the
accrued and unpaid dividends. Accrued dividends at December 31, 2021, were . 

Other 

Total
deferred tax assets 

Deferred
tax liabilities: 

Property
and equipment 

) 

Intangibles 

() 

() 
 
 Other 

() 

() 
 
 Total
deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation
Allowance 

() 

() 

Net
deferred tax liabilities 

The Company
had federal and state net operating tax loss carry-forwards of and , respectively as of December 31, 2022. The
tax loss carry-forwards are available to offset future taxable income with the federal and state carry-forwards beginning to expire in
2028. 

In 2022 and
2021, net deferred tax assets did not change due to the full allowance. The gross amount of the asset is predominantly due to the net
operating loss carry-forward. The realization of the tax benefits is subject to the sufficiency of taxable income in future years. The
combined deferred tax assets represent the amounts expected to be realized before expiration. 

The Company
periodically assesses the likelihood that it will be able to recover its deferred tax assets. The Company considers all available evidence,
both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable
income and ongoing prudent and feasible profits. As a result of this analysis of all available evidence, both positive and negative,
the Company concluded that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will ultimately not be recovered and, accordingly,
a valuation allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

A reconciliation
of the Company s effective income tax rate to the expected income tax rate, computed by applying the federal statutory income tax
rate of 21.0 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 to the Company s loss before provision (benefit) for income
taxes, is as follows: 

State Taxes 

Valuation
 allowance 

Income
 tax provision 
 
 ) 

and
 during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

The following
sets forth the components of the purchase price: 

Total purchase price 

Tangible Assets Acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Prepaid Expenses 

Fixed Assets 

Website and Digital Assets 

Security
 Deposits 

Total
 Tangible Assets Acquired 

Tangible Liabilities Assumed: 

Accounts Payable and Accrued
 Expenses 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred Tax Liability 

PPP Loan
 Payable 

Total
 Tangible Liabilities Assumed 

Net Tangible
 Assets Acquired 

Excess Purchase Price 

The following
table shows the allocation of the excess purchase price. 

Trade
 Names 

Assembled
 Workforce 

Goodwill 

Excess
 Purchase Price 

The intangible
assets acquired include the trade names, customer relationships, assembled workforce, and goodwill. The deferred tax liability represents
the tax affected timing differences relating to the acquired intangible assets to the extent they are not offset by acquired deferred
tax assets. 

The goodwill
represents the assembled workforce, acquired capabilities, and future economic benefits resulting from the acquisition. No portion of
the goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

The
following presents the unaudited pro-forma combined results of operations of the Company with Flagship Solutions as if the entities were
combined on January 1, 2021. 

Net income attributable to
 common shareholders 

Net income per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Flagship Solutions, LLC 

CloudFirst Technologies Corporation 

The following tables present certain financial information
related to our reportable segments and Corporate: 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Net
 Property and Equipment 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

All
 other assets 

Total
 Assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 Finance leases payable 

Total
 Finance leases payable related party 

Total Operating
 lease liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

As of December
 31, 2021 

Nexxis Inc. 
 Flagship
 Solutions LLC 
 CloudFirst
 Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Total 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Net Property
 and Equipment 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

All
 other assets 

Total
 Assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred
 revenue 

Total
 Finance leases payable 

Total
 Finance leases payable related party 

Total Operating
 lease liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

For the year
ended December 31, 2022 

Nexxis Inc. 
 
 Flagship Solutions
LLC 
 
 CloudFirst Technologies 
 
 Corporate 
 
 Total 
 
 Sales 

Cost
of sales 

Gross
Profit 

Selling,
general and administrative 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Total
operating expenses 

Loss
from Operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Interest
expense, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other
expense 

) 

) 

Impairment
of deferred offering costs 

() 

() 
 
 Total
Other Income (Expense) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income
(Loss) before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

For the
 year ended December 31, 2021 

Nexxis Inc. 
 Flagship
 Solutions LLC 
 CloudFirst
 Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Sales 

Cost
 of sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from Operations 

Interest
 expense, net 

All
 other expenses 

Total
 Other Income (Expense) 

Income
 (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued options
to employees through the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. These options vest over three years and have exercise prices ranging from 
 . 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued restricted
stock units to employees through the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. These RSUs vest over three years and do not have an expiration date. 

F- 30 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Report, under the supervision and with the participation of DSC s management, including
its principal executive officer, DSC conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under
Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls were not effective
as of December 31, 2022, based on the material weaknesses identified below. 

 Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. This material weakness contributed to the Company not designing and maintaining formal controls to analyze, account
for, and disclose complex transactions, including the accounting for certain consideration received from a vendor. These material weaknesses
resulted in the restatement of the Company s previously filed quarterly condensed consolidated financial information for the
periods ended June 30, 2022, related to accrued expenses, cost of goods sold, gross profit, loss from operations, net loss, earnings
per share and the related disclosures. 

 Remediation
Plan for the Material Weaknesses 

 In
response to the aforementioned material weaknesses, management has expended and will continue to expand a substantial amount of effort
and resources for the remediation of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. In November of 2022, management
and its advisors began evaluating and documenting the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
and their work is ongoing. Our plan also includes advisors looking over all material agreements monthly to determine accounting treatment for
complex transactions. The material weaknesses will be considered remediated once management completes the design and implementation of
the measures described above and the controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing,
that these controls are effective. 
 Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 As
described above, there were changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, which have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names, ages, and
positions of the Company s executive officers and directors. Executive officers are elected annually by its Board of Directors.
Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and qualified. Each director
holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal. 

33 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Charles
 M. Piluso 
 
 69 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chris
 H. Panagiotakos 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Harold
 J. Schwartz 
 
 58 
 
 Director,
 President 
 
 Thomas
 C. Kempster 
 
 56 
 
 Director, Executive Vice President 
 
 John
 Argen 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph
 B. Hoffman 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Matthew
 Grover 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Todd A. Correll 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Charles M. Piluso, Chairman of the Board and, Chief Executive Officer 

Mr. Piluso is Data Storage s
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. He has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2008, Treasurer since 2020, and Chairman
of the Board since 2008. Prior to founding Data Storage in 2001, Mr. Piluso founded North American Telecommunication Corporation a facilities-based
Competitive Local Exchange Carrier licensed by the Public Service Commission in ten states, serving as the company s Chairman and
President from 1997 to 2000. Between 1990 and 1997, Mr. Piluso served as Chairman Founder of International Telecommunications Corporation ITC ), a facilities-based international carrier licensed by the Federal Communications Commission. ITC participated in a
consolidation strategy that went public in 1997 for 800 million. Mr. Piluso holds a bachelor s degree, a Master of Arts in Political
Science and Public Administration and a Master of Business Administration all from St. John s University. He was an Instructor Professor
at St. John s University, College of Business from 1986 through 1988. From 2001 to 2013, served on the Board of Trustees of Molloy
College. Mr. Piluso served on the Board of Governors at St. John s University from 2001 to 2016 and Governor Emeritus; and is currently
serving on the Board of Advisors for the Nassau County Police Department Foundation. 

We believe that Mr. Piluso
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his technical expertise and management experience of technology and communications
companies. 

Chris H. Panagiotakos,
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Panagiotakos
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 18, 2021. Mr. Panagiotakos served as the Vice President, Corporate Controller of Cinedigm
Corp. (CIDM: Nasdaq Global Market) from April 2017 until March 2021, where he was responsible for the company s accounting function,
oversight of the company s external audit, compliance and controls in addition to staff training and development. Prior to becoming
Vice President, Corporate Controller of Cinedigm Corp, he served as their Corporate Assistant Controller from October 2013 to April 2017.
From September 2004 to October 2013, Mr. Panagiotakos served in various capacities in the accounting department at Young Broadcasting
Inc., including as Controller of one its divisions and Assistant Corporate Controller. Mr. Panagiotakos has over 24 years in public company
accounting experience, and he brings a broad range of experience related to public company accounting matters. Mr. Panagiotakos holds
a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Bernard M. Baruch College, a Masters of Business Administration from Texas A M
University-Commerce, and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Harold J. Schwartz, President and Director 

Mr. Schwartz is CloudFirst s President and serves as a Director. He has served as President and Director since December 2016 and
served as Treasurer from 2016 to 2020. Since 1995, Mr. Schwartz has served as vice president of ABC Services, Inc., which he co-founded,
where he was responsible for the strategic direction of the company, operations, business development and sales. Over the past two decades,
Mr. Schwartz has honed his expertise in IBM business systems, business continuity and helping organizations increase IT performance while
reducing costs. In addition, Mr. Schwartz is the founder of Systems Trading, Inc., a technology leasing company established in 1997, where
Mr. Schwartz serves as the company s CEO and president. Prior to founding these two businesses, Mr. Schwartz was with CAC Leasing
for six years, where he started a lease asset sales division in 1991. This division was established shortly after Mr. Schwartz earned
his bachelor s degree in business from California State University in San Bernardino. Since 2010, Mr. Schwartz has served on the
Board of Advisors for Data Storage Corporation. 

34 

We believe that Mr. Schwartz
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his proven ability to strengthen and improve the operations of the companies he
has been a part of his experience in sales and business development and his knowledge of the industry. 

Thomas
C. Kempster, Executive Vice President and Director 

 Mr. Kempster is Flagship
Solution Group s President, Data Storage s Executive Vice President and has served as Director since 2016. Prior to his current
position, Mr. Kempster served as the President of Service Delivery until 2021 and was directly responsible for the foundation of the Company s
highly rated customer service which is exists today. Prior to Data Storage Corporation Mr. Kempster founded ABC Services in 1994 and served
as founder and president until 2016. ABC Services was an IBM Gold partner and provided managed services, equipment, software and specialized
in IBM Power systems. In 2012 ABC Services launched a joint venture with Data Storage Corporation to provide cloud infrastructure on IBM
Power systems. The joint venture was Secure Infrastructure and Services, (SIAS). In 2016, ABC Services was acquired by Data Storage Corporation. 

We believe that Mr. Kempster
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his practical experience in a broad range of competencies including his industry
experience. 

John Argen, Director 

Mr. Argen has been a Director
since January 12, 2006. Mr. Argen has been a Business Consultant and Developer specializing in the information technology, telecommunications,
and construction industries since 2003. He is a seasoned professional that brings 30 years of experience and entrepreneurial success from
working with small business owners to Fortune 500 firms. From 1992 to 2003, Mr. Argen was the CEO and founder of DCC Systems, a privately
held nationwide Technology Design / Build Construction Development and Consulting Solutions firm. Mr. Argen built DCC Systems from the
ground up, re-engineering the firm several times to meet the needs of its clientele and enabled DCC Systems to produce gross revenues
exceeding 100 million dollars in 2000. Prior to DCC Systems Mr. Argen held senior management positions for 15 years at ITT/Metromedia
and was VP of Engineering Operations at DataNet, a Wilcox Gibbs company for 2 years. Throughout his corporate tenure, he has
worked in Operations, Marketing, Systems Engineering, Telecommunications and Information Technology. Mr. Argen graduated Pace University
with a BPS in Finance. His commitment to continued education is reflected in his completion to over 2000 hours of corporate sponsored
courses. Mr. Argen also holds a Federal Communication Commission (FCC) Radio Telephone 1st Class License. 

We believe that Mr. Argen
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his practical experience in managing the growth of companies, including technology
and communication companies, and his general knowledge and experience of the industry. 

Joseph B. Hoffman, Director 

Mr. Hoffman has been a Director
since August 29, 2001. Mr. Hoffman has been a partner at Kelley Drye Warren LLP in the firm s Washington, D.C. office since
June 1999. His commercial practice focuses on real estate and corporate transactions cutting across a wide range of industries. Mr. Hoffman s
real estate practice involves developers, borrowers, lenders, buyers, sellers, landlords and tenants. Mr. Hoffman s corporate experience
includes the purchase and sale of assets and companies as well as venture capital, equipment leasing and institutional financing transactions.
Mr. Hoffman represents telecommunications companies, real estate developers, lenders, venture capital funds, emerging growth companies,
thoroughbred horse industry interests and high net-worth individuals. Mr. Hoffman received his Bachelor of Science, cum laude ,
from the University of Maryland and his Juris Doctor degree, with honors, from the George Washington University Law School. 

We believe that Mr. Hoffman
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his legal knowledge, leadership experience and general industry familiarity. 

35 

Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr., Director 

Mr. Maglione has been a Director
since August 29, 2001. Mr. Maglione has been a partner in the accounting firm Eisner Maglione CPAs, LLC since January 2007. Mr.
Maglione, a co-founder of DSC, LLC, is a financial management veteran with more than 30 years of experience. Prior to joining the Company
in 1991, Mr. Maglione was a co-founder of North American Telecommunications Corporation NATC ), a local phone service provider
which provides local and long-distance telephone services and data connectivity to small and medium sized businesses, where Mr. Maglione
served as NATC s Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President from September 1997 through January 2001 where he was responsible
for all finance, legal and administration functions. Prior to NATC, Mr. Maglione spent over 14 years in public accounting, and he brings
a broad range of experience related to companies in the technology, retail services and manufacturing industries. Mr. Maglione holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Accountancy from Hofstra University, a Master of Science in Taxation from LIU Post, and is a Certified Public
Accountant. Mr. Maglione is a member of the New York State Society of CPAs. 

We believe that Mr. Maglione
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his practical accounting knowledge, leadership experience and general industry
familiarity. 

Todd A. Correll, Director 

Mr. Correll has served as
a Director form August 2014 until September 6, 2017 and then was reappointed to serve as a Director on November 5, 2019, and Mr. Correll
previously served as a Director from 2014 to 2017. Mr. Correll has served as a financial and operations executive consultant and board
member for SACo, a leading online retail operation. From 2001 through 2017, Mr. Correll founded and served as CEO of Broadsmart Florida,
Inc. Broadsmart ), a facility-based VoIP carrier. Under Mr. Correll s leadership as its CEO, Broadsmart grew from
a local phone company to a nationwide carrier delivering IP based dial tone, broadband and ancillary services. Broadsmart was acquired
by Magic Jack in 2016 for 42 million, and Mr. Correll continued to serve as its CEO until 2017. Mr. Correll attended Syracuse University.
Mr. Correll holds a pilot s license as well as a USCG Captains license. 

We believe that Mr. Correll
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his practical experience with the Company and his executive experience at telecommunications
and technology companies. 

Matthew Grover, Director 

Mr. Grover has served as
a Director since November 5, 2019. Since January 2019, Mr. Grover has served as the Executive Vice President of Business Services at Altice
USA (NYSE: ATUS), which is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States, delivering broadband,
pay television, mobile, proprietary content and advertising services to approximately 4.9 million residential and business customers across
21 states through its Optimum and Suddenlink brands. The company operates an advanced advertising and data business, which provides audience-based,
multiscreen advertising solutions to local, regional and national businesses and advertising clients. Altice USA also offers hyper-local,
national, international and business news through its News 12, Cheddar and i24NEWS networks. Mr. Grover began his 19-year Altice USA career
in 2001 when he joined Altice USA s Lightpath division as Director of Sales Planning. Since then, he has held various positions
with increasing responsibilities. In 2010 Mr. Grover assumed the position of Vice President and General Manager of Optimum West Commercial
Services, overseeing sales and sales operations in the Rocky Mountain States of Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, and Utah, until it was sold
to Charter Communications in August 2013. From 2013 to 2018, he was Senior Vice President of Commercial Sales, Product, and Marketing.
In early 2019, he was promoted to EVP of Business Services. Prior to joining Altice USA, Mr. Grover held various management positions
over the course of nearly ten years, including Vice President of Sales at North American Telecom, Global Account Manager at AT T in
Los Angeles, CA, and District Sales Manager at AT T in New York, NY. He serves as an Advisory Board Member of Data Storage Corporation
and is a member of the Board of Trustees at Molloy College in Rockville Centre, NY. Mr. Grover attained his BA in Economics from Stony
Brook University and earned his MBA from the University of Southern California. 

We believe that Mr. Grover
is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his practical experience in a broad range of competencies including his public
company experience. 

36 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee,
Compensation Committee, and Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. The following table shows the directors who are currently
members or Chairman of each of these committees. 

Board
 Members 
 
 Audit 
 Committee 
 
 Compensation 
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 John
 Argen 
 
 Chair 
 
 --- 
 
 Member 
 
 Todd A. Correll 
 
 --- 
 
 Member 
 
 --- 
 
 Matthew
 Grover 
 
 Member 
 
 Member 
 
 --- 
 
 Joseph B. Hoffman 
 
 Member 
 
 Chair 
 
 Member 
 
 Thomas C. Kempster 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 Chair 
 
 Charles
 M. Piluso 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 Harold
 J. Schwartz 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 
 
 --- 

Composition of our Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of nine
members. Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until the earlier of their death, resignation,
or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Director Independence 

With the exception of Charles
M. Piluso, Harold J. Schwartz and Thomas C. Kempster, our Board has determined that all of our present directors and our former directors
are independent, in accordance with the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq (the Nasdaq Listing Rules ). Our Board has determined
that, under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, Charles M. Piluso, Harold J. Schwartz and Thomas C. Kempster are not independent directors because
they are employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. 

 Our Board has determined
that: John Argen (Chair), Joseph B. Hoffman, and Matthew Grover are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules independence standards
for the members of our Board s audit committee (the Audit Committee Joseph B. Hoffman (Chair), Todd A. Correll,
and Matthew Grover are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules independence standards for the members of our Board compensation committee
(the Compensation Committee and Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. (Chair), Joseph B. Hoffman and John Argen are independent under
the Nasdaq Listing Rules independence standards for the members of our Board s Nominating Corporate Governance committee
(the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee ). 

Term of Office 

Our directors are elected for one-year terms to hold
office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers
are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the board. 

Audit Committee 

The Company has an Audit Committee consisting of non-executive
directors each of whom the Board has determined is an independent director pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Audit Committee members
are: John Argen (Chair), Matthew Grover and Joseph B. Hoffman. The Board has determined that Joseph B. Hoffman is an Audit Committee
Financial Expert as defined by SEC rules and regulations. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by
the Board, which is available on our website at www.dtst.com . The charter describes in more detail the nature and scope of responsibilities
of the Audit Committee. 

37 

Compensation Committee 

The Company has a Compensation Committee consisting
of non-executive directors each of whom the Board has determined is an independent director pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The
Compensation Committee members are Joseph B. Hoffman (Chair), Todd A. Correll and Matthew Grover. The Compensation Committee operates
pursuant to a written charter adopted by the board of directors, which is available on our website at www.dtst.com . The charter
describes in more detail the nature and scope of responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. 

Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 

 The Company has a Nominating Corporate Governance
Committee consisting of non-executive directors, each of whom the Board has determined is an independent director pursuant to the Nasdaq
Listing Rules. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee members include Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. (Chair), John Argen and Joseph
B.Hoffman. The Nominating Corporate Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the board of directors,
which is available on our website at www.dtst.com . The charter describes in more detail the nature and scope of responsibilities
of the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee. 

The Company does not have a formal diversity policy.
However, the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee evaluates each individual in the context of the Board of Directors as a whole,
with the objective of recommending individuals that can best perpetuate the success of our business and represent stockholder interests
through the exercise of sound business judgment and diversity of experience in various areas. We believe our current directors possess
diverse professional experiences, skills, and backgrounds, in addition to, among other characteristics, high standards of personal and
professional ethics, proven records of success in their respective fields, and valuable knowledge of our business and industry. 

Merger and Acquisition Committee 

The Company has a merger and acquisition committee
(the M A Committee consisting of non-executive directors. The Merger and Acquisition Committee members are Lawrence
A. Maglione, Jr.(Chair), John Argen, Todd A. Correll. 

Family Relationships 

One full-time employee is the son and direct report
to John Camello, President of Nexxis Inc. 

Code of Ethics 

 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable
to its Directors, Officers and Employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.dtst.com . 

Stockholder Communications
to the Board 

Stockholders who are interested
in communicating directly with members of the Board, or the Board as a group, may do so by writing directly to the individual Board member
c/o Secretary, Data Storage Corporation, 48 South Service Road, Melville, New York 11747. The Company s Secretary will forward communications
directly to the appropriate Board member. If the correspondence is not addressed to the particular member, the communication will be forwarded
to a Board member to bring to the attention of the Board. The Company s Secretary will review all communications before forwarding
them to the appropriate Board member. 

38 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

The following summary compensation table sets forth
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by the Company during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, in all capacities for the accounts of our executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Non-Equity 

Name Principal 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 All Other 

Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Charles M. Piluso, Chief Executive Officer, 
 2022 
 171,717 
 150,000 

321,717 
 
 Treasurer and Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 187,065 

187,065 

Chris H. Panagiotakos, 
 2022 
 205,961 
 52,646 

258,607 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 117,769 
 29,167 

146,936 

Harold J. Schwartz President 
 2022 
 171,717 
 150,000 

321,717 

2021 
 190,747 

190,747 

Tom C. Kempster Executive Vice President, Strategic Development 
 2022 
 174,808 
 25,000 

199,808 

2021 
 209,301 

209,301 

Mark
A. Wyllie Executive Vice President 
 2022 
 150,210 
 73,125 
 320,000 

543,335 

2021 
 92,083 

92,083 

Employment Agreements 

Executive Employment Agreements 

Mr. Piluso Employment Agreement 

On March 28, 2023, the Company entered into an employment
agreement (the Piluso Employment Agreement with Mr. Charles M. Piluso, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The
Piluso Employment Agreement is for an initial term of three years, and it will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year terms
at the end of the initial term. The Piluso Employment Agreement may be terminated with or without cause. Mr. Piluso will receive an annual
base salary of 225,000 in 2023, 235,000 in 2024 and 260,000 in 2025 and shall be eligible to earn a performance bonus ranging from
 75,000 to 300,000. Mr. Piluso shall also be entitled to an equity award for a total value of 100,000 per annum, which shall be equally
split between RSUs and stock options, as well as 75,000 performance share units. 

39 

Upon termination of Mr. Piluso without cause, or as
a result of Mr. Piluso s resignation for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Piluso Employment Agreement) the Company shall
pay or provide to Mr. Piluso severance pay equal to his base salary for the remainder of the employment term and all stock options or
other similar equity compensation granted by the Company and then held by Mr. Piluso shall be accelerated and become fully vested and
exercisable as of the date of Mr. Piluso s termination. 

As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Piluso
will be eligible to participate in the Company s benefit programs. 

Mr. Panagiotakos Employment Agreement 

On March 28, 2023, the Company entered into an employment
agreement (the Panagiotakos Employment Agreement with Mr. Chris H. Panagiotakos, the Company s Chief Financial Officer.
The Panagiotakos Employment Agreement is for an initial term of three years, and it will be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year
terms at the end of the initial term. The Panagiotakos Employment Agreement may be terminated with or without cause. Mr. Panagiotakos
will receive an annual base salary of 215,000 in 2023, 225,000 in 2024 and 242,500 in 2025 and shall be eligible to earn a performance
bonus of 25 of his base salary. Mr. Panagiotakos shall also be entitled to an equity award for a total value equal to 25 of his base
salary per annum, which shall be equally split between RSUs and stock options, a financial achievement bonus of 45,000 and a long-term
incentive bonus of stock options and RSUs equal to 25 of his base salary. 

Upon termination of Mr. Panagiotakos without cause,
or as a result of Mr. Panagiotakos resignation for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Panagiotakos Employment Agreement)
the Company shall pay or provide to Mr. Panagiotakos severance pay equal to his base salary for the remainder of the employment term and
all stock options or other similar equity compensation granted by the Company and then held by Mr. Panagiotakos shall be accelerated and
become fully vested and exercisable as of the date of Mr. Panagiotakos termination. 

As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Panagiotakos
will be eligible to participate in the Company s benefit programs. 

2010 Incentive Award Plan 

 On August 12, 2010, the Company adopted the Data Storage
Corporation 2010 Incentive Award Plan (the 2010 Plan that provided for 2,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
under the terms of the 2010 Plan; which was amended on September 25, 2013, to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under the Plan to 5,000,000 shares of common stock; which was further amended on June 20, 2017 to increase the number of shares
of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan to 8,000,000 shares of common stock; and further amended on July 1, 2019, to increase
the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan to 10,000,000 shares of common stock. On April 23, 2012, the
Company amended and restated the 2010 Plan to change the name to the Amended and Restated Data Storage Corporation Incentive Award
Plan (the Plan ). The Plan was intended to promote the interests of the Company by attracting and retaining exceptional
employees, consultants, directors, officers and independent contractors (collectively referred to as the Participants and
enabling such Participants to participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company. Under the Plan, the Company had
the right to grant stock options, which are intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock awards, which were restricted
shares of common stock (collectively referred to as Incentive Awards ). Incentive Awards were granted pursuant to the Plan
for 10 years from the Effective Date. There are 8,305,985 options outstanding under the Plan as of December 31, 2020. The 2010 Plan expired
on October 21, 2020, and accordingly, there are no shares available for future grants. 

40 

On March 8, 2021, our Board and stockholders owning
in excess of 50 of our outstanding voting securities approved and adopted the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ).
Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan we can grant stock options, restricted stock unit awards and other awards at levels determined
appropriate by our Board and/or compensation committee. The 2021 Plan also allows us to utilize a broad array of equity incentives and
performance cash incentives in order to secure and retain the services of our employees, directors, and consultants, and to provide long-term
incentives that align the interests of our employees, directors and consultants with the interests of our stockholders. An aggregate of
15,000,000 shares of our common stock may be issued under the 2021 Plan, subject to equitable adjustment in the event of future stock
splits, and other capital changes. 

Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End December 31, 2022 

Option
 Awards 

Option 
 Approval 
 
 Number 
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options
 (#) 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 
 Option Expiration 
 
 Name 
 
 Date 
 
 Exercisable
 (1) 
 
 Options
 (2) Unexercisable 
 
 ) 
 
 Date 

Charles M. Piluso 

(3)(6) 

6/18/2012 

13,720 

0 

15.76 

6/17/2022 

(3)(6) 

6/18/2012 

8,929 

0 

15.76 

6/17/2022 

(4) 

12/13/2013 

834 

0 

6.00 

12/12/2023 

(4) 

12/22/2015 

1,667 

0 

14.00 

12/21/2025 

(4) 

12/14/2017 

1,667 

0 

2.00 

12/14/2027 

(4)(7) 

12/11/2019 

2,500 

0 

2.40 

12/10/2029 

Harold J. Schwartz 

(5)(6) 

12/11/2012 

417 

0 

6.00 

12/10/2022 

(5) 

12/13/2013 

417 

0 

6.00 

12/12/2023 

(4) 

12/22/2015 

834 

0 

14.00 

12/21/2025 

(4) 

12/14/2017 

1,667 

0 

2.00 

12/13/2027 

(4)(7) 

12/11/2019 

2,500 

0 

2.40 

12/10/2023 

Thomas C. Kempster 

(4) 

12/14/2017 

1,667 

0 

2.00 

12/13/2027 

(4)(7) 

12/11/2019 

2,500 

0 

2.40 

12/10/2023 

(1) 
 Vested options under the
 Plan. 

(2) 
 Unvested options under
 the Plan. 

(3) 
 On March 23, 2011 (the
 Stock Grant Date ), Mr. Piluso was issued a stock grant of 14,286 shares of common stock at 0.35 per share (the Stock
 Grant ). Mr. Piluso received the Stock Grant in lieu of his annual compensation for 2010. The Stock Grant was fully vested
 on the Stock Grant Date. The Stock Grant was issued to Mr. Piluso pursuant to the 2008 Plan. On June 18, 2012, the Stock Grant issuance
 was rescinded and replaced with a stock option to acquire 13,720 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 15.60 per share.
 In addition, on June 18, 2012, Mr. Piluso received a stock option to acquire 8,929 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 15.60 per share. 

(4) 
 The stock options were
 issued in consideration for services provided as a member of the Board. 

(5) 
 The stock options were
 issued in consideration for services provided as a member of the Board of Advisors. 

(6) 
 These option awards vested
 100 three months from the grant date. 

(7) 
 These option awards vested/vest
 33.33 on each of the one- year, two- year and three- year anniversary following the grant date. 

41 

Compensation of Directors 

The following summary compensation table sets forth
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, no compensation was paid to any Company director. 

Director Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock awards 
 Option awards (1) 
 Non-equity incentive plan 
 Non- qualified deferred 
 compensation earnings 
 All other compensation 
 Total 
 
 Charles M. Piluso 

0 

0 
 
 Harold J. Schwartz 

0 

0 
 
 Thomas C. Kempster 

0 

0 
 
 Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. 
 6,000 
 23,000 
 0 

0 
 
 John Argen 
 6,000 
 23,000 
 0 

0 
 
 Joseph B. Hoffman 
 6,000 
 23,000 
 0 

0 
 
 Matthew Grover 
 6,000 
 23,000 
 0 

0 
 
 Todd A. Correll 
 6,000 
 23,000 
 0 

0 

(1) 
 The table below shows the aggregate number of option awards
outstanding at fiscal year-end for each of our current non-employee directors and former non-employee directors who served as directors
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Shares Subject to Outstanding Options as of December 31, 2022 

John Argen 
 13,333 
 
 Todd A. Correll 
 10,625 
 
 Matthew Grover 
 10,625 
 
 Joseph B. Hoffman 
 16,667 
 
 Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. 
 16,667 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following
table sets forth certain information, as of March 30, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by
(i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company s
directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and
investment power over the shares beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole
voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. The address for each person is 48 South Service Road, Suite 203, Melville,
New York 11747. 

42 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage Ownership 
 
 Charles M. Piluso and affiliated entities (2) 
 890,964 
 13.04 
 
 Chris H. Panagiotakos 

Harold J. Schwartz (3) 
 821,296 
 12.03 
 
 Thomas C. Kempster (4) 
 802,545 
 11.76 
 
 Lawrence A. Maglione, Jr. (5) 
 18,330 

John Argen (6) 
 10,000 

Joseph B. Hoffman (7) 
 10,000 

Matthew Grover (8) 
 3,958 

Todd A. Correll (9) 
 4,583 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (9 persons) 
 2,561,676 
 37.71 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 The securities beneficially
 owned by a person are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the
 regulations of the SEC and accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse, children or certain other
 relatives of such person, as well as other securities over which the person has or shares voting or investment power or securities
 which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

(2) 
 Includes 882,627 shares of common stock, 6,670 shares of common stock underlying stock options, and 1,667 shares of common stock underlying stock warrants. 

(3) 
 Includes 815,876 shares of common stock and 5,420 shares of common stock
underlying stock options. 

(4) 
 Includes 798,376
 shares of common stock and 4,169 shares of common stock underlying stock options. 

(5) 
 Includes 830 shares of
 common stock and 7,500 shares of common stock underlying stock options and 2,500 RSUs 

(6) 
 Includes 3,334 shares of
 common stock and 4,166 shares of common stock underlying stock options and 2,500 RSUs 

(7) 
 Includes 7,500 shares of
 common stock underlying stock options and 2,500 RSUs 

(8) 
 Includes 1,458 shares of
 common stock underlying stock options and 2,500 RSUs 

(9) 
 Includes
 625 shares of common stock, 1,458 shares of common stock underlying stock options and 2,500 RSUs 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had awards outstanding
under our Amended and Restated Data Storage Corporation Incentive Award Plan: 

43 

Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants 
 Weighted- 
 average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans
 (excluding 
 securities reflected in column (a) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 301,391 (1) 
 3.46 
 125,500 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Total 
 301,391 
 3.46 
 125,50 0 

(1) 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2022, we had awards outstanding under the 2010 Plan. As of the end of fiscal year 2022, we had 185,309
 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted pursuant to the 2010 Plan. The securities available
 under the Plan for issuance and issuable pursuant to exercises of outstanding options may be adjusted in the event of a change in
 outstanding stock by reason of stock dividend, stock splits, reverse stock splits, etc. As of end of fiscal year 2022, there were
 warrants outstanding to purchase 3,333 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 0.40, none of which were granted
 pursuant to the 2008 Plan or the 2010 Plan. The 2010 Plan expired on October 21, 2020. On March
 8, 2021, our Board and stockholders owning in excess of majority of our outstanding voting securities approved and adopted
 the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan we can grant stock options, restricted
 stock unit awards, and other awards at levels determined appropriate by our Board and/or compensation committee. The 2021 Plan also
 allows us to utilize a broad array of equity incentives and performance cash incentives in order to secure and retain the services
 of our employees, directors and consultants, and to provide long-term incentives that align the interests of our employees, directors,
 and consultants with the interests of our stockholders. An aggregate of 375,000 shares of our common stock may be issued under the
 2021 Plan, subject to equitable adjustment in the event of future stock splits, and other capital changes. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

The Board of Directors has determined, after considering
all the relevant facts and circumstances, that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, each of Messrs. Argen, Hoffman, Correll,
Maglione, and Grover were independent directors, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws and the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 

On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into an equipment
lease agreement with Systems Trading Inc. Systems Trading ), a company for which Mr. Harold J. Schwartz, our President and
Director, serves as the Chief Executive Officer and President Systems Trading to refinance all leases into one lease.
This lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with bi-monthly installments of 23,475. The lease carries an interest rate of 5 
and is a four-year lease. The term of the lease ends April 16, 2022. Systems Trading is owned and operated by the Company s President,
Harold Schwartz. 

On January 1, 2019, the Company entered into an equipment
agreement with Systems Trading. This lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with monthly installments of 29,592. The lease carries
an interest rate of 6.75 and is a five-year lease. The term of the lease ends December 31, 2023. 

On April 1, 2019, the Company entered into two equipment
lease agreements with Systems Trading to add new data center equipment. The first lease calls for monthly payments of 1,328 and expires
on March 1, 2022. It carries an interest rate of 7 . The second lease calls for monthly payments of 461 and expires on March 1, 2022.
It carries an interest rate of 6.7 . 

44 

On January 1, 2020, the Company entered into a new
equipment lease agreement with Systems Trading Inc. to lease equipment. The lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with monthly
installments of 10,534. The lease carries an interest rate of 6 and is a three-year lease. The term of the lease ends January 1, 2023. 

On March 4, 2021, the Company entered into a new equipment
lease agreement with Systems Trading effective April 1, 2021. This lease obligation is payable to Systems Trading with monthly installments
of 1,566.82 and expires on March 31, 2024. The lease carries an interest rate of 8 . 

The Company received funds of 39,172 and 37,954
during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively from Nexxis Capital LLC, a company owned by Charles Piluso and Harold
Schwartz. Nexxis Capital LLC was formed to purchase equipment and provide equipment leases to the Company s customers. 

On January 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading effective January 1, 2022. This lease obligation is payable to Systems
Trading with monthly installments of 7,145 and expires on April 1, 2025. The lease carries an interest rate of 8 . 

On April 1,
2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Systems Trading effective May 1, 2022. This lease obligation is payable to Systems
Trading with monthly installments of 6,667 and expires on February 1, 2025. The lease carries an interest rate of 8 . 

Except as disclosed herein and under the section titled
 Executive Compensation, there were no related party transactions during the two years ended December 31, 2022, or the current
year. 

 On December 11, 2019,
we issued to (i) each of Messrs. Piluso, Schwartz and Kempster options to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock having an exercise price
of .60 per share, vesting over three years on the one, two and three year anniversary of the grant date and terminating on December 10,
2029; (ii) each of Messrs. Kempster, Argen, Hoffman, and
Maglione options to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock having an exercise price of .54 per share, vesting over three years on the
one, two and three year anniversary of the grant date and terminating on December 10, 2029; and (iii) each of Messrs. Correll and Grover
options to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock having an exercise price of .54 per share, vesting over three years on the one, two
and three year anniversary of the grant date and terminating on December 10, 2029. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The following table sets forth the aggregate audit-related
fees including expenses billed to us for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 by Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman Company P.A. 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees and Expenses (1) 
 146,750 
 200,792 
 
 Tax Fees 

(1) 
 Audit fees and expenses were for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, professional services rendered for issuance of consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 

The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of such services.
These procedures include reviewing detailed back-up documentation for audit and permitted non-audit services. The documentation includes
a description of, and a budgeted amount for, particular categories of non-audit services that are recurring in nature and therefore anticipated
at the time that the budget is submitted. Audit Committee approval is required to exceed the pre-approved amount for a particular category
of non-audit services and to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for any non-audit services not included in those
pre-approved amounts. For both types of pre-approval, the Audit Committee considers whether such services are consistent with the rules
on auditor independence promulgated by the SEC and the PCAOB. The Audit Committee also considers whether the independent registered public
accounting firm is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service, based on such reasons as the auditor s familiarity
with our business, people, culture, accounting systems, risk profile, and whether the services enhance our ability to manage or control
risks, and improve audit quality. The Audit Committee may form and delegate pre-approval authority to subcommittees consisting of one
or more members of the Audit Committee, and such subcommittees must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next
scheduled meeting. All of the services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

45 

Our audit committee pre-approves all services provided
by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire audit committee before the respective
services were rendered. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 The following financial statements are included in this Annual Report for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

1. 
 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm 

2. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

3. 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

4. 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

5. 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

6. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements. 

(a)(2) 
 All financial
 statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Consolidated Financial
 Statements or related notes. 

(a)(3) 
 The exhibits
 set forth in the accompanying exhibit index below are either filed as part of this report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

46 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-148167) filed on December 19, 2007). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 333-148167) filed on October 24, 2008). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K (File No. 333-148167) filed on January 9, 2009). 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-148167) filed on December 19, 2007). 

3.5 
 
 Amended Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 333-148167) filed on October 24, 2008). 

3.6 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.7 
 
 Form of Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated October 7, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.8 
 
 Form of Certificate of Validation and Ratification of the Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated October 7, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.9 
 
 Form of Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated October 16, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.10 
 
 Form of Certificate of Validation and Ratification of the Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated October 16, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.11 
 
 Form of Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated January 6, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.12 
 
 Form of Certificate of Validation and Ratification of the Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated January 6, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

47 

3.13 
 
 Form of Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated June 24, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.14 
 
 Form of Certificate of Validation and Ratification of the Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation dated June 24, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

3.15 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Data Storage Corporation (incorporated by reference to Appendix F to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated October 20, 2008, by and among Euro Trend Inc., Data Storage Corporation and the shareholders of Data Storage Corporation named on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 333-148167) filed on October 24, 2008). 

4.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated October 20, 2008, by and among, Euro Trend Inc., Data Storage Corporation and the shareholders of Data Storage Corporation named on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K/A (File No. 333-148167) filed on June 29, 2009). 

4.3 
 
 Data Storage Corporation 2010 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form S-8/A (File No. 333-169042) filed on October 25, 2010). 

4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Data Storage Corporation 2010 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on April 26, 2012). 

48 

4.5 
 
 Data Storage Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Information Statement on Schedule 14C (File No. 001-35384) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Representative s Warrant dated May 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on May 18, 2021). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on May 18, 2021). 

4.8 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated May 18, 2021, by and between the Company and VStock Transfer LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on May 18, 2021). 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on July 20, 2021). 

4.10 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between ABC Services Inc., and Data Storage Corporation as of October 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8K filed on October 31, 2016). 

10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between ABC Services II Inc., and Data Storage Corporation as of October 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8K (File No. 001-35384) filed on October 31, 2016). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Stockholders Agreement by and between Data Storage Corporation, Nexxis Inc., and John Camello dated November 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10Q (File No. 001-35384) filled November 19, 2018). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Data Storage Corporation, Nexxis Inc., and John Camello dated November 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-Q (File No. 001-35384) filed November 19, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 Buyout Lease Agreement between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated March 15, 2018. 

10.6 
 
 FMV Lease Agreement between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated September 14, 2018. 

10.7 
 
 Buyout Lease Agreement DSC003 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated December 18, 2018. 

10.8 
 
 Buyout Lease Agreement DSC004 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated December 18, 2018. 

10.9 
 
 Addendum 1 to Lease DSC003 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated March 20, 2019. 

49 

10.10 
 
 Addendum 1 to Lease DSC004 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated March 20, 2019. 

10.11 
 
 Buyout Lease Agreement DSC006 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated November 12, 2019. 

10.12 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Data Storage Corporation and Flagship Solutions, LLC dated February 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on February 10, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Amendment, dated February 12, 2021, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Data Storage Corporation, Data Storage FL, LLC, Flagship Solutions, LLC, and the owners of Equity Interests (as defined therein) dated February 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on February 16, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Buyout Lease Agreement DSC007 between Data Storage Corporation and Systems Trading, Inc. dated March 4, 2021. 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement with Mark Wyllie (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on June 3, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Offer Letter entered into between Data Storage Corporation and Chris H. Panagiotakos (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2021 (File Number 333-253056)). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 19, 2021 between Data Storage Corporation and certain purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on July 20, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement dated July 19, 2021 between Data Storage Corporation and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-35384) filed on July 20, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Data Storage Corporation and Charles M. Piluso dated March 28, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-[ ]) filed March 29, 2023). 

10.20 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between Data Storage Corporation and Chris H. Panagiotakos dated March 28, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-[ ]) filed March 29, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Data Storage Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-179396) filed on February 6, 2012). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A., Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), As adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 

Filed herewith 
 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item16 Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there
unto duly authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Charles
 M. Piluso 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Charles M. Piluso 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Chris H. Panagiotakos 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Chris H.
 Panagiotakos 
 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Harold J. Schwartz 
 
 President, Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Harold Schwartz 

Thomas
 C. Kempster 
 
 Executive Vice President
 of Strategic Development, Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Thomas Kempster 

John Argen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John Argen 

Joseph B. Hoffman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph Hoffman 

Lawrence
 A. Maglione, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Lawrence Maglione 

Matthew Grover 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Matthew Grover 

Todd A. Correll 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Todd Correll 

51 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 e4530_ex4-10.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.10

Exhibit 4.10 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

Data Storage Corporation (the Company, 
 we, us, and our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common
Stock ). The Common Stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. 

General 

The following is a description of the material terms
of the Company s Common Stock. This is a summary only and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Articles of Incorporation and the Company s
Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K of which
this Exhibit is a part. The Company encourages you to read its Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws and the applicable provisions of
Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ), for additional information. 

Description of Common Stock 

Authorized Shares of Common Stock 

 The authorized number of shares of Common Stock is
250,000,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Voting Rights 

 The holders of Common Stock have the unlimited right
to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters requiring stockholder action, each share being entitled to one vote. 

Dividend Rights 

 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any
then outstanding preferred stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared and paid or
set apart for payment upon the Common Stock out of any assets or funds of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends. 

Liquidation Rights 

 Upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up of the Company the net assets of the Company available for distribution shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of
the Common Stock in accordance with their respective rights and interests. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

 The holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive,
conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The rights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders
of shares of any series of the Company s preferred stock that is currently outstanding and that it may designate and issue in the
future. 

 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 

 All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are
fully paid and non-assessable. 

Description of Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

The material provisions of the Warrants are set forth
herein and a copy of the Warrant Agent Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Warrant Agent
Agreement ), dated May 18, 2021. The Company and the Warrant Agent (as defined in the Warrant Agent Agreement may amend
or supplement the Warrant Agent Agreement without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting
or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions
arising under the Warrant Agent Agreement as the parties thereto may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties determine, in good
faith, shall not adversely affect the interest of the holders. All other amendments and supplements shall require the vote or written
consent of holders of at least 50.1 . The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may
be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend on or recapitalization, reorganization,
merger or consolidation. 

Exercisability 

 The warrants are exercisable at any time after their
original issuance and at any time up to the date that is five (5) years after their original issuance. The warrants may be exercised upon
surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form on
the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by
certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement,
if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not
available for the issuance of, the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, the holders of the warrants shall have the right
to exercise the warrants solely via a cashless exercise feature provided for in the warrants, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and current prospectus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on the expiration date of the warrants, they shall be automatically
exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to the terms of the warrants. 

Exercise Limitation 

 A holder may not exercise any portion of a warrant
to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any other person or entity acting as a group, would own more than 4.99 
(or, upon election by a warrant holder prior to the issuance of such warrants, 9.99 of the outstanding common stock immediately after
such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the warrant, except that upon at least 61 days 
prior notice from the holder to us, the holder may waive such limitation up to a percentage not in excess of 9.99 . 

Exercise Price 

 The exercise price per whole share of common stock
purchasable upon exercise of the warrants is 7.425 per share. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of
certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Company s
common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to the Company s stockholders. 

Fractional Shares 

 No fractional shares of common stock will be issued
upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrant, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
the Company will, upon exercise, and its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fraction in an amount equal to such
fraction multiplied by the exercise price or round up to the next whole share. If multiple warrants are exercised by the holder at the
same time, the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by
the exercise price. 

Transferability 

 Subject to applicable laws, the warrants at the option
of the holder upon surrender of the warrant to the Company or its designated agent, together with the appropriate instruments of transfer
may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the Company s consent. 

Amendment and Waiver 

 Subject to any non-conflicting terms of the warrant
agency agreement and the exercise adjustment provisions of the warrants, the warrants may be modified or amended or the provisions thereof
waived (i) with respect to an amendment or modification, upon obtaining the written consent of the Company and the holders of at least
50.1 of the shares common stock issuable upon the exercise of the then-outstanding warrants issued pursuant to the warrant agency agreement
and (ii) in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought; provided, that, in each
case, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately, materially and adversely impacts a warrant holder (or group of holders),
the written consent of such disproportionately impacted holder (or group of holders) shall also be required, and provided further that
such modification, amendment or waiver applies to all of the then-outstanding warrants. 

Exchange Listing 

 The warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol
 DTSTW . 

Fundamental Transactions 

 In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described
in the warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the Company s common stock,
the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, its consolidation or merger with or into
another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of the Company s outstanding common stock, or any person or group becoming the
beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by the Company s outstanding common stock, the holders of the warrants will
be entitled to receive the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised
the warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Rights as a Stockholder 

 The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of common stock or any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance
of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all
matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Governing Law 

 The warrants and the warrant agency agreement are
governed by New York law. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock
is VStock Transfer, LLC. Its address is: 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598 and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436. 

Nasdaq Listing 

The Common Stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol
 DTST. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of
the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The Company s Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws contain certain provisions that may have anti-takeover effects, making it more difficult for or preventing a third party from acquiring
control of the Company or changing its board of directors and management. According to the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, the holders
of the Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of its directors. The lack of cumulative voting makes it more
difficult for other stockholders to replace the Company s board of directors or for a third party to obtain control of the Company
by replacing its board of directors. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

The Company s authorized but unissued shares
of Common Stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval. The Company may use additional shares of Common Stock
for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation.
The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Nevada Law 

Business Combinations 

 The business combination provisions
of Sections 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, of the NRS generally prohibit a Nevada corporation with at least 200 stockholders from engaging
in various combination transactions with any interested stockholder for a period of two years after the date of the transaction
in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the transaction is approved by the board of directors prior to the date the
interested stockholder obtained such status or the combination is approved by the board of directors and thereafter is approved at a meeting
of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of stockholders representing at least 60 of the outstanding voting power held by disinterested
stockholders, and extends beyond the expiration of the two-year period, unless: 

the combination was approved by the board of directors prior to the person becoming an interested stockholder or the transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the board of directors before the person became an interested stockholder or the combination is later approved by a majority of the voting power held by disinterested stockholders; or 

if the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (a) the highest price per share paid by the interested stockholder within the two years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction in which it became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, (b) the market value per share of Common Stock on the date of announcement of the combination and the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher, or (c) for holders of preferred stock, the highest liquidation value of the preferred stock, if it is higher. 

A combination is generally defined to
include mergers or consolidations or any sale, lease exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other disposition, in one transaction or
a series of transactions, with an interested stockholder having: (a) an aggregate market value equal to 5 or more of the
aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value
of all outstanding shares of the corporation, (c) 10 or more of the earning power or net income of the corporation, and (d) certain other
transactions with an interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested stockholder. 

In general, an interested stockholder 
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within two years, did own) 10 or more of a corporation s voting
stock. The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts
to acquire the Company even though such a transaction may offer the Company s stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at
a price above the prevailing market price. 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 e4530_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

We consent to the incorporation by reference of the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-257812) and the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-257348) pertaining to the Data Storage
Corporation 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the audited financial statements of Data Storage
Corporation, included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. 

Somerset, New Jersey 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e4530_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Charles M. Piluso, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Data Storage Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Charles
 M. Piluso 

Charles M. Piluso 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e4530_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Chris H. Panagiotakos, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Data Storage Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Chris
 H. Panagiotakos 

Chris H. Panagiotakos 

Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e4530_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Data Storage
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles M. Piluso, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Charles M. Piluso 

Charles M. Piluso 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e4530_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual Report of Data Storage
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chris H. Panagiotakos, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Chris H. Panagiotakos 

Chris H. Panagiotakos 

Principal Accounting Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dtst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dtst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dtst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dtst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

