<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1081745_0001493152-23-009074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7459417</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225531</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1239043</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2336853</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1599166</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1858516</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009074.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327160055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTELLINETICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001081745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				870613716
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41495
		FILM NUMBER:		23764491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2190 DIVIDEND DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43228
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6143888909

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2190 DIVIDEND DRIVE
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBALWISE INVESTMENTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009074.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were outstanding as of March 23, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
oF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 20 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 34 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 

Signatures 
 
 36 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated into this report by reference contain, and we may from time to time make, forward-looking
statements. From time to time in the future, we may make additional forward-looking statements in presentations, at conferences, in press
releases, in other reports and filings and otherwise. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical
facts, including statements that refer to plans, intentions, objectives, goals, targets, strategies, hopes, beliefs, projections, prospects,
expectations or other characterizations of future events or performance, and assumptions underlying the foregoing. The words may, 
 could, should, would, will, project, intend, continue, 
 believe, anticipate, estimate, forecast, expect, plan, 
 potential, opportunity, scheduled, goal, target, and future, 
variations of such words, and other comparable terminology and similar expressions and references to future periods are often, but not
always, used to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about
the following: 

the
 effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations of current and future economic, business, market and regulatory
 conditions, including the current global inflation, economic downturn, and other economic and market conditions, and their effects
 on our customers and their capital spending and ability to finance purchases of our products, services, technologies and systems; 

our
 prospects, including our future business, revenues, recurring revenues, expenses, net income, earnings per share,
 margins, profitability, cash flow, cash position, liquidity, financial condition and results
 of operations, backlog of orders and revenue, our targeted growth rate, our goals for future
 revenues and earnings, and our expectations about realizing the revenues in our backlog and
 in our sales pipeline; 

our
 expectation that the shift from an offline to online world will continue to benefit our business; 

our
 ability to integrate our recent acquisitions and any future acquisitions, grow their businesses and obtain the expected financial
 and operational benefits from those businesses; 

the
 effects of fluctuations in sales on our business, revenues, expenses, net income, earnings per share, margins, profitability, cash
 flow, capital expenditures, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations; 

our
 products, services, technologies and systems, including their quality and performance in absolute terms and as compared to competitive
 alternatives, their benefits to our customers and their ability to meet our customers requirements, and our ability to successfully
 develop and market new products, services, technologies and systems; 

our
 markets, including our market position and our market share; 

our
 ability to successfully develop, operate, grow and diversify our operations and businesses; 

our
 business plans, strategies, goals and objectives, and our ability to successfully achieve them; 

the
 sufficiency of our capital resources, including our cash and cash equivalents, funds generated from operations, availability credit
 and financing arrangements and other capital resources, to meet our future working capital, capital expenditure, lease and debt service
 and business growth needs; 

the
 value of our assets and businesses, including the revenues, profits and cash flow they are capable of delivering in the future; 

the
 amount and timing of revenue recognition from customer contracts with commitments for performance obligations, including our estimate
 of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize revenues; 

industry
 trends and customer preferences and the demand for our products, services, technologies and systems; and 

the
 nature and intensity of our competition, and our ability to successfully compete in our markets. 

Any
forward-looking statements we make are based on our current plans, intentions, objectives, strategies, projections and expectations,
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance or events, but are subject to and qualified by substantial risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are difficult to
predict and are often beyond our control. Forward-looking statements will be affected by assumptions and expectations we might make that
do not materialize or that prove to be incorrect and by known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed, anticipated or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties
and other factors include, but are not limited to, those described in Risk Factors as well as other risks, uncertainties
and factors discussed elsewhere in this report, in documents that we include as exhibits to or incorporate by reference in this report,
and in other reports and documents we from time to time file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
In light of these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that we make. 

Any
forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and any other forward-looking statements
we make from time to time in the future speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no duty or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statement or to publicly disclose any update or revision for any reason, whether as a result of changes in our expectations
or the underlying assumptions, the receipt of new information, the occurrence of future or unanticipated events, circumstances or conditions
or otherwise. 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context indicates otherwise: 

the
 terms Intellinetics, Company, the company, us, we, our, 
 and similar terms refer to Intellinetics, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries; 

Intellinetics
 Ohio refers to Intellinetics, Inc., an Ohio corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intellinetics; and 

Graphic
 Sciences refers to Graphic Sciences, Inc., a Michigan corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intellinetics. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview 

Intellinetics is a Nevada holding company incorporated in 1997, with two wholly-owned subsidiaries:
(i) Intellinetics, Ohio, an Ohio corporation and (ii) Graphic Sciences, a Michigan corporation. Intellinetics Ohio was incorporated in
1996, and on February 10, 2012, Intellinetics Ohio became the sole operating subsidiary of Intellinetics as a result of a reverse merger
and recapitalization. On March 2, 2020, Intellinetics purchased Graphic Sciences, Inc. 

We
are a document services and software solutions company serving both the small-to-medium business and governmental sectors with their
digital transformation and process automation initiatives. On April 1, 2022, we made a significant business acquisition that has significantly
impacted our financial operations and grown our business operations. For further information about this acquisition, please see Note
4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 

Our
digital transformation products and services are provided through two reporting segments: Document Management and Document Conversion.
Our Document Management segment, which includes the Yellow Folder, LLC Yellow Folder asset acquisition in April 2022, consists primarily of solutions involving
our software platform, allowing customers to capture and manage their documents across operations such as scanned hard-copy documents
and digital documents including those from Microsoft Office 365, digital images, audio, video and emails. Our Document Conversion segment provides assistance to customers as a part of their overall
document strategy to convert documents from one medium to another, predominantly paper to digital, including migration to our software
solutions, as well as long-term storage and retrieval services. Our solutions create value for customers by making it easy to connect
business-critical documents to the people who need them by making those documents easy to find and access, while also being secure and
compliant with the customers audit requirements. Solutions are sold both directly to end-users and through resellers. 

Our
customers use our software by one of two methods: purchasing our software and installing it onto their own equipment, which we refer
to as a premise model, or licensing and accessing our platform via the Internet, which we refer to as a
 software as a service or SaaS model and also as a cloud-based model. Licensing of our
software through our SaaS model has become increasingly popular among our customers, especially in light of the increased deployment
of remote workforce policies, and is a key ingredient in our revenue growth strategy. Our SaaS products are hosted with Amazon Web
Services, Expedient, and Evocative, providing our customers with reliable hosting services that we believe are consistent with
industry best practices in data security and performance. 

We
operate a U.S.-based business with concentrated sales to the State of Michigan for our Document Conversion segment, complemented by our
diverse set of document management software solutions and services. We hold or compete for leading positions regionally in select markets
and attribute this leadership to several factors including the strength of our brand name and reputation, our comprehensive offering
of innovative solutions, and the quality of our service support. Net growth in sales of software as a service in recent years reflects
market demand for these solutions over traditional sales of on-premise software. We expect to continue to benefit from our select niche
leadership market positions, innovative product offerings, growing customer base, and the impact of our sales and marketing programs.
Examples of these programs include identifying and investing in growth and expanded market penetration opportunities, more effective
products and services pricing strategies, demonstrating superior value to customers, increasing our sales force effectiveness through
improved guidance and measurement, and continuing to optimize our lead generation and lead nurturing processes. 

Software
and Services 

Document
Management 

Our
flagship software platforms include a) IntelliCloud , reflecting our focus, and the market s focus, on growth
via cloud-based content management and process automation, and b) YellowFolder , a specialized content management software
solution for the K-12 education market. Our Document Management business also generates software-related professional services that include
installation, integration, training, and consulting services, as well as ongoing software maintenance and customer support. 

1 

The
IntelliCloud suite of software is comprised of stand-alone and integrated modules that include: 

Image
 Processing: includes image processing modules used for capturing, transforming and managing images of paper documents, including
 support of distributed and high-volume capture, optical character recognition; 

Accounts
 Payable lifecycle automation, including advanced capture for invoice processing. 

Records
 Management: addresses needs relating to retention of content through automation and policies, ensuring legal, regulatory and industry
 compliance for our clients; 

Workflow:
 supports business processes, routing content electronically for assigning work tasks and approvals, and creating related audit trails,
 notifications, and escalations; and 

Extended
 Components: includes document composition and e-forms (via third party OEM integration partnership), search, content and web analytics
 (via third party data visualization and advanced OCR engine partnerships), email and information archiving, and packaged application
 integration. 

Document
Conversion 

We
convert images from paper to digital, paper to microfilm, microfiche to microfilm, and micrographics to digital for businesses and federal,
county, and municipal governments. Our Document Conversion business also provides its clients with long-term paper and microfilm storage
and retrieval options. 

The
primary Document Conversion offerings are: 

Digital
 Scanning Services. These services include paper scanning, newspaper and microfilm scanning, microfiche scanning, aperture card scanning,
 drawing scanning, and book scanning. Most government files must be retained for long terms or permanently, making such clients a
 prime candidate for digital conversion. There are four production categories for these services, consisting of document prep, scanning,
 indexing, and delivery. 

Business
 Process Outsourcing (BPO). BPO contracts provide ongoing outsourcing of customer processes such as mail room activities, where we
 pick up customer mail from the post office, open it, sort it, scan it, and upload it to the appropriate customer system. 

Microfilm
 and Microfiche. We provide microfilming/microfiche conversion to digital, converting scanned images to microfilm or microfiche, and
 microfilm/microfiche preservation and duplication. 

Box
 Storage Services. We provide physical document storage and retrieval services for our clients. 

Scanning
 Equipment, Software and Repair. We sell and service document image software, document scanners, and microfilm scanners, readers and
 printers. This is a smaller, slowly declining part of our Document Conversion business. 

Marketing
and Sales 

We
have a multi-channel sales model that directs our sales efforts through direct sales and through intermediaries, such as independent
software vendors, resellers and referral partners. Our Document Management and Document Conversion segments each use direct and reseller
channels for sales. We have developed partner-specific marketing programs with channel partners. We believe that our channel partner
strategy improvements have increased the competitive strength of our platform of products. In addition, we have established a set of
business solutions templates for specific vertical markets that provide base software configurations which we believe will facilitate
our delivery and installation of software to our customers in both our direct and reseller channels. We believe that these advancements,
in the aggregate, will allow us to license and sell our products to a targeted customer base, shortening our sales cycle, making margins
more consistent, and allowing us to expand our sales through existing and new reseller partnerships and direct customers. We continue
to devote significant efforts, in both development and marketing, in enhancing all channels to market. 

2 

Competition
and Market Position 

The
market for our products is competitive, and we expect that competition will continue to intensify as the document solutions markets evolve
and potentially consolidate. We believe that the trend toward electronic document management, and particularly cloud solutions, was accelerated
by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

We
believe the primary competitors of our Document Management segment are DocuWare, Square 9, M-files, On-Base, FileBound, Frontline, Laserfiche, Harvest Technology Group, and PowerSchool,
who also serve small-to-medium business (SMB), K-12 education, and governmental sectors. The principal competitive factors affecting the market for our
document conversion services include: (i) vendor and product reputation; (ii) product quality, performance and price; (iii) the availability
of software products on multiple platforms; (iv) product scalability; (v) product integration with other enterprise applications; (vi)
software functionality and features; (vii) software ease of use; (viii) the quality of professional services, customer support services
and training; and (ix) the ability to address specific customer business problems. We believe that the relative importance of each of
these factors depends upon the concerns and needs of each specific customer. 

We
believe the competitors of our Document Conversion segment vary from local niche entities to larger entities, including Iron Mountain.
The principal competitive factors affecting the market for our software products and services include: (i) vendor and services reputation
and (ii) services quality, performance and price. We believe that the relative importance of each of these factors depends upon the concerns
and needs of each specific customer, and that, for our current and prospective customers, maintaining secure control over the customers 
information is highly valued. 

We
believe that the consolidated Company has advantages over our competitors in the small-to-medium business market, and particularly organizations
in highly regulated, risk and compliance-intensive markets, such as state and local government, non-clinical health care, and K-12 education.
In our view, we will remain competitive by remaining a focused niche provider with product offerings aligned with buyer-specific requirements.
We anticipate that we will benefit from five specific advantages already in place: 

Turnkey
 cloud or premise document workflow and document conversion solutions targeting specific industry customers with benchmark value-to-price
 ratio; 

Rigorous
 quality review process and maintenance of customer data confidentiality in document conversions; 

Modular
 solution packaging and rapid customer activation model; 

Integrated
 on-demand solutions library as standard platform feature; and 

Expanded
 software integration tools that make it easier for independent software vendors to integrate and sell IntelliCloud software capabilities
 into their customer base. 

We
believe, with these competitive strengths, that we are well positioned as a cloud-based managed document services provider for the small-to-medium
business and governmental sectors. 

Customers 

Document
Management 

Our
Document Management segment in general has fairly low customer concentration. For 2022, the two largest customers of our Document Management
segment accounted for approximately 7 and 2 , respectively, of the segment s revenues for that period. For 2021, the two largest
customers of our Document Management segment accounted for approximately 10 and 4 , respectively, of the segment s revenues for
that period. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, government contracts, including K-12 education, represented approximately 77 and 56 ,
respectively, of the Document Management segment s net revenues, including a significant portion of the segment s sales
to resellers which represent ultimate sales to government agencies. Due to their dependence on state, local and federal budgets,
government contracts carry short terms, typically 12 months. Since our inception, our contracts with government customers have
generally renewed on the original terms and conditions upon expiration. 

3 

Document
Conversion 

Our
Document Conversion segment has significant customer concentration with the State of Michigan. Graphic Sciences contract with
the State of Michigan is for five years from June 1, 2018 to May 30, 2023 with a provision for two one-year extensions. The contract
is issued to Graphic Sciences through the Michigan Department of Management and Budget, Enterprise Procurement and managed through the
Department of Management and Budget, Records Management Services Division (RMS). 

The
contract provides local and state government agencies access to digital and micrographic conversion services. These agencies have the
option to perform these conversion services internally or go out to bid if they so choose. Typically, they elect to have these services
outsourced to Graphic Sciences through RMS, which eliminates the bidding process. 

All
Michigan agencies and departments are able to use the services and prices provided under this contract. Mechanically, the work we perform
is invoiced to RMS and the end user is invoiced through the State of Michigan accounting system. We do not invoice the end user directly
when entities utilize this contract facility, and we have a single point of contact for managing billing and receipt. The state in effect
acts as a reseller of our services to the other agencies and makes a mark-up of what is charged. For 2022, the State of Michigan represented
approximately 66 of our Document Conversion segment s net revenues, and 38 of the total consolidated revenues. Our second largest customer in 2022 was Rocket Mortgage, representing 11 
of our Document Conversion segment s net revenues and 6 of the total consolidated revenues. For 2021, the
State of Michigan represented approximately 64 of our Document Conversion segment s net revenues, and 47 of the total consolidated
revenues. Rocket Mortgage represented approximately 12 of our Document Conversion segment s net revenues, and 9 of
the total consolidated revenues in 2021. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
software and most of the underlying technologies are built on a Microsoft.Net framework. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark
laws, non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary intellectual property rights. 

Customers
license the right to use our software products on a non-exclusive basis. We grant to third parties rights in our intellectual property
that allow them to market certain of our products on a non-exclusive or limited-scope exclusive basis for a particular application of
the product or to a particular geographic area. 

While
we believe that our intellectual property as a whole is valuable and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights
is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular trademark, license,
or other intellectual property right. 

Software
Development 

We
design, develop, test, market, license, and support new software products and enhancements of current products. We continuously monitor
our software products and enhancements to remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. We discuss our accounting for such
costs, and when we expense or capitalize, in more detail below in Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 

Government
Regulation 

Other
than government procurement rules affecting sales to governmental customers and data privacy laws applicable to all businesses, we do not believe that we are subject to any special
governmental regulations or approval requirements affecting our products or services. Complying with the regulations and
requirements applicable to our business does not entail a significant cost or burden. We believe that we are in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable governmental regulations. 

4 

Human
Capital 

As
of March 23, 2023, we employed a total of 166 individuals; all but 27 are
full-time employees. Graphic Sciences employs 119 individuals, comprised of 100 full-time and 19 part-time employees, all located in Michigan.
Graphic Sciences also utilizes temporary employees, through various agencies, to provide labor for variable project work. Intellinetics
Ohio employs 47 individuals, comprised of 39 full-time and 8 part-time employees, primarily located in Ohio and Texas. As a combined company,
21 of our employees work in administration and management, 34 of our employees work in software sales, maintenance and support, and software
development, and 111 of our employees work in document services and storage operations. 

We
consider the integrity, experience, dedication, creativity, and team-oriented nature of our employees to be an essential driver of our
business and a key to our future prospects. Personal relationships with our existing customers are an important part of our business,
and our customers have come to rely on the personal service and knowledge of our workforce across all functional areas. To attract and
retain qualified applicants to our company and retain our employees, we offer total benefits packages consisting of base salary or hourly
wage (depending on position), a comprehensive benefits package, and equity compensation for certain employees. Annual cash bonuses are
based on our profitability, achievement of targets and level of responsibility. When selecting talent, we consider education, experience,
diversity, and the likelihood that a candidate will espouse our values of integrity, collaboration, dedication, creativity, and superior
customer service. 

We
are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce that attracts and retains exceptional talent. In addition, we pride ourselves
on an open culture that respects co-workers, values employees health and well-being and fosters professional development. We support
employee growth and development in a variety of ways including with training opportunities and an overall strategy of promotion from
within. Our management conducts annual employee engagement surveys and, for supervisors and above, annual individual employee assessments
with an emphasis on individual development for each employee. 

We
remain focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees with respect to COVID-19. In April of 2020, we instituted safe distancing
practices and additional cleaning procedures for all company offices and facilities, and our offices in Michigan and Ohio were reconfigured
to maintain physical distancing. Wherever feasible, we have encouraged employees to work from home. To date, our employees who work in
software sales, maintenance and support, and software development continue to work remotely. Our remote working arrangements have not
significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations. 

We
believe that relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we do not have collective
bargaining arrangements with any of our employees. In addition, as of March 23, 2023, we engaged three independent contractors. 

Executive
Officers and Board of Directors 

On
December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors included the following: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

James
 F. DeSocio 
 
 67 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

Matthew
 L. Chretien 
 
 55 
 
 Chief
 Strategy Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Secretary, and Director 

Joseph
 D. Spain 
 
 55 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer 

William
 M. Cooke 
 
 61 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of the Board 

Rye
 D Orazio 
 
 68 
 
 Director 

Sophie
 Pibouin 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

Roger
 Kahn 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

John
 Guttilla 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

5 

James
F. DeSocio, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director. Mr. DeSocio joined Intellinetics on September 25, 2017. Prior to joining
Intellinetics, Mr. DeSocio served as Chief Revenue Officer at Relayware, LLC, a global provider of Partner Relationship Management solutions,
from January 2015 to September 2017. From January 2013 to November 2014, Mr. DeSocio served as Executive Vice President of Operations
for XRS Corporation, a fleet management software solutions provider. From October 2007 to September 2012, Mr. DeSocio served as Executive
Vice President of Sales and Business Development for Antenna Software, Inc., a business mobility solutions provider. Mr. DeSocio has
extensive experience in sales, marketing, international operations, mergers and acquisitions. 

Matthew
L. Chretien, Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Director. Mr. Chretien is a co-founder of Intellinetics and has served
as Secretary since December 19, 2017, Chief Strategy Officer since September 25, 2017, and Chief Technology Officer since September 2011.
Mr. Chretien previously served as Intellinetics President and Chief Executive Officer from July 2013 to September 2017, and from
January 1999 to September 2011; Executive Vice President from September 2011 to July 2013; Chief Financial Officer from September 2011
to September 2012; Treasurer from September 2011 to December 2016; and Vice President from 1996 until 1999. Prior to joining Intellinetics,
Mr. Chretien served as the field sales engineer for Unison Industries, a manufacturer of aircraft ignition systems. 

Joseph
D. Spain, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Spain joined Intellinetics on October 31, 2016 and was appointed as its Chief Financial
Officer on December 1, 2016. Prior to joining Intellinetics, Mr. Spain worked from September 2014 to October 2016 for nChannel, Inc.,
a software solutions provider for the small-to-medium business retail sector, ultimately serving as Chief Financial Officer of the company.
From July 1995 to June 2014, Mr. Spain worked for Mettler-Toledo International, Inc., a global provider of measurement and precision
instruments, ultimately serving as Vice President of Finance Controller for one of the company s operating units. 

William
M. Cooke, Director. Mr. Cooke was appointed as a member and chairman of our board of directors in October 2021. Mr. Cooke joined Taglich
Brothers, Inc., a New York-based full-service brokerage firm that specializes in placing and investing in private equity transactions
for small public companies, in 2012 and participates in sourcing, evaluating, and executing new investments as well as monitoring existing
investments. Prior to joining Taglich Brothers, he was a Managing Director of Glenwood Capital LLC from 2010 to 2012, where he advised
middle-market clients on capital raising and mergers and acquisitions. From 2001 to 2009, he sourced, evaluated and executed mezzanine
transactions for The Gladstone Companies and BHC Interim Funding II, L.P. Before entering the private equity industry, Mr. Cooke served
as a securities analyst primarily covering the automotive and industrial sectors for ABN AMRO Incorporated and McDonald and Company Securities,
Inc. Bill received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Michigan State University and Master of Business Administration degree from the University
of Michigan. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and a member of the Board of DecisonPoint Systems, Inc., Unique Fabricating, Inc., Racing
 Performance Holdings, LLC and a former member of the board of directors of APR, LLC. 

Rye
D Orazio, Director. Mr. D Orazio has served as a director of Intellinetics since 2006. Mr. D Orazio has been a partner
at Ray Barney Group since 2001. From 1995 to 2000, Mr. D Orazio served as Vice President of Professional Services at Compucom.
From 1985 to 1995, Mr. D Orazio was a partner at NCGroup, which he founded. From 1982 to 1995, Mr. D Orazio was employed
as the Vice President of Professional Services at Triangle Systems, and from 1977 to 1982, Mr. D Orazio was employed as a systems
engineer at Electronic Data Systems. 

Sophie
Pibouin , Director . Ms. Pibouin was appointed as a member of our board of directors on March 20, 2015. Ms. Pibouin is currently
employed by Progress Software as the VP Sales North America. Prior to that she was Head of Sales, U.S. for Resulticks. From 2014 to June
2019 Ms. Pibouin served as the worldwide Sales Leader of the IBM Watson marketing brand. Prior to that, Ms. Pibouin served as Chief Operating
Officer, from 2012 to 2014, for SDL, PLC, a global provider of customer experience management software and solutions, having previously
worked as a General Manager from 2010 to 2012. From 2006 to 2009, she served as Chief Operating Officer at Chronicle Solutions, Inc.,
a security software company. From 1990 to 2004, she worked for CA, Inc. (formerly Computer Associates), in a variety of positions including
ultimately as Senior Vice President/GM for the Mid-Atlantic Region. She graduated with Honors as a Bachelor in International Commerce
from the University of Flaubert in Rouen, France. 

Roger
Kahn, Director. Mr. Kahn was appointed as a member of our board of directors on October 5, 2017. Mr. Kahn has served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of Bridgeline Digital, Inc. Bridgeline ), a web content management solutions provider, since May
2016. Mr. Kahn previously served as Co-Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of Bridgeline from December 2015 to May 2016, and
as Chief Operating Officer from August 2015 to May 2016. From 2008 to September 2016, Mr. Kahn was a partner at Great Land Holdings,
a resort development company. Mr. Kahn received his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence from the University of Chicago. 

John
Guttilla, Director. Mr. Guttilla was appointed as a member of our board of directors on November 10, 2022. Mr. Guttilla serves as Financial
Services Partner in Marcum LLP s Saddle Brook, NJ office. Mr. Guttilla joined Marcum in 2022 via a merger with RotenbergMeril,
where he served as a member of the firm s management committee since 1988. Mr. Guttilla has more than 35 years of experience in
both tax consulting and auditing for both public and private companies and his industry experience includes brokerage, private equity,
foreign exchange trading, manufacturing, printing, hospitality, consumer products, real estate and professional services. 

Available
Information 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all exhibits and amendments to these
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
Act ), are available free of charge via our website (www.intellinetics.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are
filed with, or furnished, to the SEC. The foregoing reports are also publicly available at the SEC s website: www.sec.gov/edgar. 

6 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business and future operating results may be affected by many risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those set forth below
and those contained elsewhere in this report. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, affairs, assets, financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. When we say that something could have a material
adverse effect on us or on our business, we mean that it could have one or more of these effects. 

In
addition to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our
company. Our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these
risks. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

General
inflation and increases in the minimum wage and general labor costs have affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Labor
is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including minimum wage laws, prevailing wage
rates, unemployment levels, health insurance costs and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor legislation or
other workplace regulation. Most companies experienced an increase in labor costs in 2022 and expect additional increases in 2023.
As the cost of labor and statutory minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we will need to continue to
increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly or salaried employees.
Increases in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, or
if we fail to pay such higher wages we could suffer increased employee turnover. Increases in labor costs generally could force us
to increase prices for other customers, which could adversely impact our sales. For some customers with multi-year fixed pricing
contracts, increases in the minimum wage could decrease our profit margins or result in losses and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have been and could continue to be negatively impacted by the novel coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) and related governmental actions
and orders and market effects. 

The
coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) and related economic downturn continues to pose various and interrelated risks to our customers, our
employees, our vendors and the communities in which we operate, which have all negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively
impact, our business. From March 24, 2020 to current, customers have responded with varying levels of project postponements,
particularly in our document conversion segment, which generally requires picking up boxes from customer sites. Our level of
customer engagement in document conversion has varied with the ebb and flow of the initial virus and the subsequent variants and
outbreaks. The State of Michigan, our largest customer, does not appear likely to return all of its agencies and departments to on
site work at pre-pandemic levels. In addition, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by
future outbreaks of COVID-19 generally or in our facilities. If the pandemic or
its recovery continues to reduce customer s budgets and restrict business operations, the pandemic may have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and adversely impact the trading price of our
common stock. 

Any
significant reduction in the sales efforts or cooperative efforts from our partners could materially impact our revenues. 

We
rely on close cooperation with our resellers for sales and product development as well as for the optimization of opportunities that
arise in our competitive environment. In particular, the success of our reseller program is entirely dependent upon our relationships
with resellers of multi-functional devices, which are currently being purchased by current and potential customers in our target markets.
Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to maintain access to existing channels of distribution and to gain access to new
channels if and when they develop. We may not be able to retain a sufficient number of our existing partners or develop a sufficient
number of future partners. We are unable to predict the extent to which our partners will be successful in marketing and licensing our
products. A reduction in partner cooperation or sales efforts, or a decline in the number of channels, could materially reduce revenues. 

If
we are unable to continue to attract new customers and increase market awareness of our company and solutions, our revenue growth could
be slower than we expect or could decline. 

We
believe that our future growth depends in part upon increasing our customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenue
in the future will depend, in part, upon continually attracting new customers and obtaining subscription renewals to our solutions from
those customers. Market awareness of our capabilities and solutions is essential to our ability to generate new leads for expanding our
business and our continued growth. If we fail to sufficiently invest in our marketing programs or they are unsuccessful in attracting
new customers by creating market awareness of our company and solutions, our business may be harmed. 

If
our existing customers fail to renew their support agreements, or if customers do not license updated products on terms favorable to
us, our revenues could be adversely affected. 

We
currently derive a significant portion of our overall revenues from maintenance services and software subscriptions, and we depend on
our installed customer base for future revenue from maintenance services and software subscriptions and licenses of updated products.
The IT industry generally has been experiencing increasing pricing pressure from customers when purchasing or renewing support agreements.
Moreover, the trend towards consolidation in certain industries that we serve, such as financial services, could result in a reduction
of the software under agreement and put pressure on our maintenance and support terms with customers who have merged. Given this environment,
there can be no assurance that our current customers will renew their maintenance agreements or agree to the same terms when they renew,
which could result in a reduction or loss of maintenance fees. If our existing customers fail to renew their maintenance agreements,
or if we are unable to generate additional maintenance fees through the licensing of updated products to existing or new customers, our
business and future operating results could be adversely affected. 

7 

Reduced
IT or enterprise software spending may adversely impact our business. 

Our
business depends on the overall demand for IT and enterprise software spend and on the economic health of our current and prospective
customers. Any meaningful reduction in IT or enterprise software spending or weakness in the economic health of our current and prospective
customers could harm our business in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles and lower prices for our solutions. 

Current
and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits. 

The
markets for our products are intensely competitive, and are subject to rapid technological change and other pressures created by changes
in our industry. The convergence of many technologies has resulted in unforeseen competitors arising from companies that were traditionally
not viewed as threats to our marketplace. We expect competition to increase and intensify in the future as the pace of technological
change and adaptation quickens, and as additional companies enter our markets, including those competitors who offer similar products
and services to ours, but offer them through a different form of delivery. Numerous releases of competitive products have occurred in
recent history and are expected to continue in the future. We may not be able to compete effectively with current competitors and potential
entrants into our marketplace. We could lose market share if our current or prospective competitors: (i) introduce new competitive products,
(ii) add new functionality to existing products, (iii) acquire competitive products, (iv) reduce prices, or (v) form strategic alliances
with other companies. If other businesses were to engage in aggressive pricing policies with respect to competing products, or if the
dynamics in our marketplace resulted in increased bargaining power by the consumers of our products and services, we would need to lower
the prices we charge for the products we offer. This could result in lower revenues or reduced margins, either of which could materially
and adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally, if prospective consumers choose other methods of document solutions
delivery, different from those that we offer, our business and operating results could also be materially and adversely affected. 

Consolidation
in the industry, particularly by large, well-capitalized companies, could place pressure on our operating margins which could, in turn,
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Acquisitions
by large, well-capitalized technology companies have changed the marketplace for our goods and services by replacing competitors that
are comparable in size to our company with companies that have more resources at their disposal to compete with us in the marketplace.
In addition, other large corporations with considerable financial resources either have products that compete with the products we offer,
or have the ability to encroach on our competitive position within our marketplace. These companies have considerable financial resources,
channel influence, and broad geographic reach; thus, they can engage in competition with our products and services on the basis of sales
price, marketing, services, or support. They also have the ability to introduce items that compete with our maturing products and services.
The threat posed by larger competitors and their ability to use their better economies of scale to sell competing products and services
at a lower cost may materially reduce the profit margins we earn on the goods and services we provide to the marketplace. Any material
reduction in our profit margin may have a material adverse effect on the operations or finances of our business, which could hinder our
ability to raise capital in the public markets at opportune times for strategic acquisitions or general operational purposes, which may
prevent effective strategic growth or improved economies of scale or put us at a disadvantage to our better-capitalized competitors. 

We
must manage our internal resources during periods of company growth, or our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The
document solutions market has continued to evolve at a rapid pace. If we are successful with our growth plans, any growth will place
significant strains on our administrative and operational resources, and increase demands on our internal systems, procedures and controls.
Our administrative infrastructure, systems, procedures and controls may not adequately support our operations. In addition, our management
may not be able to achieve a rapid, effective execution of the product and business initiatives necessary to successfully implement our
operational and competitive strategy. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our operating results will likely suffer which may,
in turn, adversely affect our business. 

8 

We
may be unable to acquire other businesses, technologies or companies or engage in other strategic transactions, and we may not be able
to successfully realize the benefits of and may be exposed to a variety of risks from any such strategic transactions. 

The
acquisitions of Yellow Folder in 2022 and Graphic Sciences and CEO Imaging Systems, Inc., both in 2020, were our first strategic business
acquisitions. As part of our growth strategy, we also expect to continue to evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including
business combinations, acquisitions and strategic alliances, to enhance our existing businesses and to develop new products and services.
At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one or more of these types of transactions, and any
of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. However, we do not know if we will be able
to identify any future opportunities that we believe will be beneficial for us. Even if we are able to identify an appropriate business
opportunity, we may not be able to successfully consummate the transaction, and even if we do consummate such a transaction we may be
unable to obtain the benefits or avoid the difficulties and risks of such transaction. 

Any
future acquisition involves risks commonly encountered in business relationships, including: 

difficulties
 in assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel, systems, technologies, finance and accounting functions, internal controls,
 business policies, and products and services of the acquired business; 

technologies,
 products or businesses that we acquire may not achieve expected levels of revenue, profitability, benefits or productivity; 

we
 may not be able to achieve the expected synergies from an acquisition, or it may take longer than expected to achieve those synergies; 

unexpected
 costs and liabilities and unknown risks associated with the acquisition; 

diversion
 of management s time and resources away from our daily operations; 

risks
 of entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience; 

potential
 need for restructuring operations or reductions in workforce, which may result in substantial charges to our operations; 

incurring
 future impairment charges related to diminished fair value of businesses acquired as compared to the price we paid for them; and 

issuing
 potentially dilutive equity securities, or incurring debt or contingent liabilities, which could harm our financial condition. 

9 

We
cannot assure you that we will make any additional acquisitions, or that any future acquisitions will be successful, will assist us in
the accomplishment of our business strategy, or will generate sufficient revenues to offset the associated costs and other adverse effects
or will otherwise result in us receiving the intended benefits of the acquisition. In addition, we cannot assure you that any future
acquisition of new businesses or technology will lead to the successful development of new or enhanced customer relationships, products,
and services, or that any new or enhanced products and services, if developed, will achieve market acceptance or prove to be profitable. 

Risks
Related to Product Development 

We
need to continue to develop new technologically-advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements
used by our customers. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to design, develop, test, market, license, and support new software products and enhancements of current
products on a timely basis in response to both competitive threats and marketplace demands. Recent examples of significant trends in
the software industry include cloud computing, mobility, social media, networking, browser, and software as a service. In addition, software
products and enhancements must remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed
or acquired from third parties with our proprietary software to create or improve our products. If we are unable to achieve a successful
integration with third-party software, we may not be successful in developing and marketing our new software products and enhancements.
If we are unable to successfully integrate third-party software to develop new software products and enhancements to existing products,
or to complete products currently under development which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will materially
suffer. In addition, if the integrated or new products or enhancements do not achieve acceptance by the marketplace, our operating results
will materially suffer. Also, if new industry standards emerge that we do not anticipate or adapt to, our software products could be
rendered obsolete and, as a result, our business and operating results, as well as our ability to compete in the marketplace, would be
materially harmed. 

If
our products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected. 

We
intend to pursue our strategy of growing the capabilities of our document solutions software offerings through our proprietary research
and the development of new product offerings. In response to customer demand, it is important to our success that we continue: (i) to
enhance our products, and (ii) to seek to set the standard for document solutions capabilities in the small-to-medium market. The primary
market for our software and services is rapidly evolving, due to the nature of the rapidly changing software industry, which means that
the level of acceptance of products and services that have been released recently or that are planned for future release by the marketplace
is not certain. If the markets for our products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to
increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to: (i) successfully market our current products and services,
(ii) develop new software products, services and enhancements to current products and services, (iii) complete customer installations
on a timely basis, or (iv) complete products and services currently under development. In addition, increased competition could put significant
pricing pressures on our products, which could negatively impact our margins and profitability. If our products and services are not
accepted by our customers or by other businesses in the marketplace, our business and operating results will be materially affected. 

Our
investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient, timely return. 

The
development of document solutions software products is a costly, complex, and time-consuming process, and the investment in document
solutions software product development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. When cash is available,
we make and will continue to make significant investments in software research and development and related product opportunities. Investments
in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors including the degree of innovation
of the products developed through our research and development efforts, sufficient support from our strategic partners, and effective
distribution and marketing. Accelerated product introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research
and development. These expenditures may adversely affect our operating results if they are not offset by increased revenues. We believe
that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our
competitive position. However, significant revenues from new product and service investments may not be achieved for a number of years,
if at all. Moreover, new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new products
and businesses may not be as high as the margins we have experienced for our current or historical products and services. 

10 

Product
development is a long, expensive, and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs. 

We
may determine that certain product candidates or programs do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources.
Accordingly, we may elect to terminate one or more of our programs for such product candidates. If we terminate a product in development
in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that does
not provide a return on our investment and we may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive
uses, and this may negatively impact our business operating results or financial condition. 

Our
products may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues, and expose us to litigation. 

Our
products are highly complex and sophisticated and, from time to time, may contain design defects or software errors that are difficult
to detect and correct. Errors may be found in new software products or improvements to existing products after delivery to our customers.
If these defects are discovered, we may not be able to successfully correct such defects in a timely manner. In addition, despite the
tests we conduct on all of our products, we may not be able to fully simulate the environment in which our products will operate and,
as a result, we may be unable to adequately detect the design defects or software errors which may become apparent only after the products
are installed in an end-user s network. The occurrence of errors and failures in our products could result in the delay or the
denial of market acceptance of our products, and alleviating such errors and failures may require us to make significant expenditure
of our resources. The harm to our reputation resulting from product errors and failures may be materially damaging. Because we regularly
provide a warranty with our products, the financial impact of fulfilling warranty obligations may be significant in the future. Our agreements
with our strategic partners and end-users typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to claims. These agreements regularly
contain terms such as the exclusion of all implied warranties and the limitation of the availability of consequential or incidental damages.
However, such provisions may not effectively protect us against claims and the attendant liabilities and costs associated with such claims.
Accordingly, any such claim could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition. 

The
use of open-source software in our products may expose us to the risk of having to disclose the source code to our product, rendering
our software no longer proprietary and reducing or eliminating its value. 

Certain
open-source software is licensed pursuant to license agreements that require a user who distributes the open-source software as a component
of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. This effectively renders
what was previously proprietary software open-source software. As competition in our markets increases, we must strive to be cost-effective
in our product development activities. Many features we may wish to add to our products in the future may be available as open-source
software, and our development team may wish to make use of this software to reduce development costs and speed up the development process.
While we carefully monitor the use of all open-source software and try to ensure that no open-source software is used in such a way as
to require us to disclose the source code to the related product, such use could inadvertently occur. Additionally, if a third party
has incorporated certain types of open-source software into its software but has failed to disclose the presence of such open-source
software, and we embed that third-party software into one or more of our products, we could, under certain circumstances, be required
to disclose the source code to our product. This could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

11 

The
loss of licenses to use third-party software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business. 

We
currently depend upon a limited number of third-party software products. If such software products were not available, we might experience
delays or increased costs in the development of our products. In certain instances, we rely on software products that we license from
third parties, including software that is integrated with internally-developed software, and which is used in our products to perform
key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, and the related
software may not continue to be appropriately supported, maintained, or enhanced by the licensors. The loss by us of the license to use,
or the inability by licensors to support, maintain, and enhance any of such software, could result in increased costs or in delays or
reductions in product shipments until equivalent software is developed or licensed and integrated with internally-developed software.
Such increased costs or delays or reductions in product shipments could adversely affect our business. 

Financial
Risks 

We
need to continue to maintain an effective system of internal controls, in order to be able to report our financial results accurately
and timely and prevent fraud. 

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We maintain a small accounting and reporting
staff, concentrated in a few individuals. Any future weaknesses in our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements not being prevented or detected. We may experience difficulties
or delays in completing remediation or may not be able to successfully remediate material weaknesses at all. Any material weakness or
unsuccessful remediation could affect our ability to file periodic reports on a timely basis and investor confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our consolidated financial statements, which in turn could harm our business and have an adverse effect on our stock
price and our ability to raise additional funds. 

We
may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service any indebtedness or contingent transaction consideration that we may incur from
time to time, which could force us to sell assets, cease operations, or take other detrimental actions for our business. 

Our
ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance any debt or contingent transaction obligations that we have or may incur depends
on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. We currently have approximately 1 million in principal amount of debt maturing
from February to August of 2023, and approximately 3 million in principal amount of debt maturing in March of 2025. In addition, we
have operated with a history of losses. For 2022, we had a net income of approximately zero (break even). For 2021, we had a net income
of 1.4 million, including 0.8 million of PPP forgiveness. For 2020, we had a net loss of 2.2 million, including a change in fair value
of earnout liabilities of 1.6 million. We have an accumulated deficit of 21.6 million as of December 31, 2022. Our ability to meet
our capital needs in the future will depend on many factors, including maintaining and enhancing our operating cash flow, successfully
managing the transition of our recent acquisitions, successfully retaining and growing our client base in the midst of general economic
uncertainty including an inflationary environment, and managing any continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. We cannot
ensure that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if
any, and interest on any indebtedness. 

If
our cash flows and capital resources are at any time insufficient to fund our obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments
and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or reduce or cease operations.
There can be no assurance that additional capital or debt financing will be available to us at any time. Even if additional capital is
available, we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us. In the absence of such operating results and
resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to reduce or curtail our operations. 

12 

The
terms of our promissory notes will restrict our financing flexibility. 

The
terms of promissory notes we issued in 2020 and 2022 contain standard negative covenants customary for transactions of this type. These
negative covenants may preclude or restrict our ability to obtain future debt and convertible debt financings without the prior approval
of holders of the previous notes. The events of default are also customary for transactions of this type, including default in timely
payment of principal or interest, failure to observe or perform any covenant or agreement contained in the convertible note and other
transaction documents, the commencement of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, and failure to timely file Exchange Act filings. 

If
our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect,
our operating results could fall below expectations of securities analysts and investors, 

 resulting
in a decline in our stock price. 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided
in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions
change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations
of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing
our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, deferred contract costs and commission expense, accounting
for business combination, troubled debt restructuring and stock compensation. 

The
loss of a major customer or the failure to collect a large account receivable could negatively affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Revenues
from a limited number of customers have accounted for a substantial percentage of our total revenues. Our two largest clients account
for approximately 38 and 6 , and 47 and 9 , of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, government contracts, including K-12 education, represented approximately 77 and 72 of our net revenues, respectively.
The loss of one of our clients or the loss of a meaningful percentage of government contracts could materially affect our business and
operating results. 

A
significant downturn in our business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because of the way we recognize revenue. 

We
recognize revenue from subscription agreements ratably over the terms of these agreements, which are typically one year. As a result,
a significant portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is generated from customer agreements entered into during previous periods,
which is reflected as deferred revenue on our balance sheet. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions, or a downgrade
of renewed subscriptions to less-expensive editions, in any one quarter may not be fully reflected in our revenue in that quarter, and
may negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. If contracts having significant value expire and are not renewed or replaced at
the beginning of a quarter or are downgraded, our revenue may decline significantly in that quarter and subsequent quarters. 

Legal
and Regulatory Risks 

Our
contracts with government clients subject us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions, and penalties. 

A
significant portion of our revenues comes from contracts with state and local governments, and their respective agencies, which may terminate
most of these contracts at any time, without cause. As discussed above, government contracts constitute a significant portion of our
total revenues. At this time, governments and their agencies are operating under increased pressure to reduce spending. Contracts at
the state and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject
to audits and investigations that could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination
of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions, or debarment
from future government business. 

13 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws, causing us to make significant compliance-related expenditures
that may divert resources from other projects, thus impairing its ability to grow. 

We
are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and other federal securities laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the Commission and furnishing
audited reports to stockholders causes our expenses to be higher than most other similarly-sized companies that are privately held. As
a public company, we expect these rules and regulations to continue to keep our compliance costs high in 2023 and beyond, and to make
certain activities more time-consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations may make it more
difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future, and we may be required to accept reduced
policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers, agents and employees under Nevada law, and the existence of indemnification
rights to such persons, may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers, agents
and employees. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions permitting us to eliminate the personal liability of our directors, officers,
agents and employees to the Company and our stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the extent provided by Nevada law.
We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification
obligations could result in our incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors,
officers, agents and employees, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our Company
from bringing a lawsuit against certain individuals for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of
derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors, officers, agents and employees even though such actions, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

Security
breaches may harm our business. 

Any
security breaches, unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in loss of confidential
information, damage to our reputation, early termination of our contracts, litigation, regulatory investigations or other liabilities.
Our clients may use our products and services to handle personally identifiable information, sensitive personal information, protected
health information, or information that is otherwise confidential. If our security measures or those of our third-party data centers
are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized
access to customer data, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. 

The
United States has laws and regulations relating to data privacy, security, and retention and transmission of information. We have certain
measures to protect our information systems against unauthorized access and disclosure of our confidential information and confidential
information belonging to our customers. We have policies and procedures in place dealing with data security and records retention. However,
there is no assurance that the security measures we have put in place will be effective in every case. 

There
has been an increase in the number of private privacy-related lawsuits filed against companies in recent years. There has also been an
increase in the incidence of data breaches in public companies operating in the US, resulting in unfavorable publicity and high amounts
of damages against the breached companies, including the cost of obtaining credit monitoring services for all persons whose information
was compromised. In addition, we are unable to predict what additional legislation or regulation in the area of privacy of personal information
could be enacted and what effect that could have on our operations and business. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection,
use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance
with applicable laws, could damage our reputation and harm our business. 

14 

Breaches,
or perceived breaches, in security could result in a negative impact for us and for our customers, potentially affecting our
business, assets, revenues, brand, and reputation, and resulting in penalties, fines, litigation, remediation costs, increased
insurance costs, and other potential liabilities, in each case depending upon the nature of the information disclosed. These risks
to our business may increase as we expand the number of products and services we offer. 

We
may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. 

From
time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, product
liability, employment, class action, and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and
proceedings. We provide business management solutions that we believe are critical to the operations of our customers businesses
and provide benefits that may be difficult to quantify. Any failure of a customer s system installed by us or of the services offered
by us could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. Although we attempt
to limit our contractual liability for damages resulting from negligent acts, errors, mistakes, or omissions in rendering our services,
we cannot assure you that the limitations on liability we include in our agreements will be enforceable in all cases, or that those limitations
on liability will otherwise protect us from liability for damages. There can be no assurance that any insurance coverage we may have
in place will be adequate or that current coverages will remain available at acceptable costs. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert
management s attention and resources, and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently
unpredictable, the results of any such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Any
claim that we infringe on a third party s intellectual property could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability
to generate future revenues and profits. 

Claims
of infringement are becoming increasingly common as the software industry develops and as related legal protections, including patents
are applied to software products. Although we are not aware of any infringement on the rights of third parties, third parties may assert
infringement claims against us in the future. Although most of our technology is proprietary in nature, we do include certain third-party
software in our products. In these cases, this software is licensed from the entity holding the intellectual property rights. Although
we believe that we have secured proper licenses for all third-party software that is integrated into our products, third parties may
assert infringement claims against us in the future. The third parties making these assertions and claims may include non-practicing
entities (known as patent trolls whose business model is to obtain patent-licensing revenues from operating companies,
such as ours. Any such assertion, regardless of merit, may result in litigation or may require us to obtain a license for the intellectual
property rights of third parties. Such licenses may not be available, or they may not be available on reasonable terms. In addition,
such litigation could be time-consuming, disruptive to our ability to generate revenues or enter into new market opportunities, and may
result in significantly increased costs as a result of our defense against those claims or our attempt to license the intellectual property
rights or rework our products to avoid infringement of third-party rights to ensure they comply with judicial decisions. Our agreements
with our partners and end-users typically contain provisions that require us to indemnify them, with certain limitations on the total
amount of such indemnification, for damages sustained by them as a result of any infringement claims involving our products. Any of the
foregoing results of an infringement claim could have a significant adverse impact on our business and operating results, as well as
our ability to generate future revenues and profits. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

We
may have to issue additional securities at prices which may result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

If
we raise additional funds through the sale of equity or convertible debt, our current stockholders percentage ownership will be
reduced. In addition, these transactions may dilute the value of ordinary shares outstanding. We may have to issue securities that may
have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to our common stock. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to raise additional
funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If future financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may not
be able to fund our future needs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business plans, prospects, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

15 

Shares
of our common stock that have not been registered under the Securities Act, regardless of whether such shares are restricted or unrestricted,
are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144. 

Pursuant
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), a shell company is defined as
a company that has no or nominal operations, and either no or nominal assets, assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents,
or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. As such, we were a shell company pursuant to
Rule 144 prior to 2012. Even though we are no longer a shell company, investors may be reluctant to invest in our securities because
securities of a former shell company may not be as freely tradable as securities of companies that are not former shell companies. 
In addition, since we are a former shell company, shareholders with restricted securities cannot rely upon Rule 144 for sales of restricted
securities in the event that we are not current in our filing obligations under the Exchange Act. 

An
active, liquid and orderly market for our common shares may not be sustained, and you may not be able to sell your common shares . 

Our
common shares trade on the NYSE American exchange. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common shares will be sustained.
The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell the common shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you
consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling common shares and may impair our ability
to acquire other businesses, applications or technologies using our common shares as consideration, which, in turn, could materially
adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American. If we are unable to comply with such requirements, our common
shares would be delisted from the NYSE American, which would limit investors ability to effect transactions in our common shares
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
common shares are currently listed on the NYSE American. In order to maintain our listing, we must maintain certain share prices, financial
and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of shareholders equity and a minimum number of public shareholders.
In addition to these objective standards, the NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer if, in its opinion, the issuer s
financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; if an issuer fails to comply with the NYSE American s listing
requirements; or if any other event occurs or any condition exists which makes continued listing on the NYSE American, in its opinion,
inadvisable. If the NYSE American delists our common shares from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities
on another national securities exchange, we expect our common shares would qualify to be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this
were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our
securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our common shares are a penny stock which will require
brokers trading in our common shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in
the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional
securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
market price of our common stock may limit the appeal of certain alternative compensation structures that we might offer to the high-quality
employees we seek to attract and retain. 

If
the market price of our common stock performs poorly, such performance may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract critical
personnel. For example, if we were to offer options to purchase shares of our common stock as part of an employee s compensation
package, the attractiveness of such a compensation package would be highly dependent upon the performance of our common stock. 

In
addition, any changes made to any of our compensation practices which are made necessary by governmental regulations or competitive pressures
could adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel. For example, any limit to total
compensation which may be prescribed by the government, or any significant increases in personal income tax levels in the United States,
may hurt our ability to attract or retain our executive officers or other employees whose efforts are vital to our success. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. Any substantial sale of our
common stock pursuant to Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

16 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and lead to losses by stockholders. 

The
common stock of public companies can experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or
out of proportion to the operating performance of such companies. We expect our stock price to be similarly volatile. These broad market
fluctuations may continue and could harm our stock price. Any negative change in the public s perception of the prospects of our
business or companies in our industry could also depress our stock price, regardless of our actual results. Factors affecting the trading
price of our common stock may include: 

Variations
 in operating results; 

Announcements
 of technological innovations, new products or product enhancements, strategic alliances, or significant agreements by us or by competitors; 

Recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

Litigation,
 legislation, regulation, or technological developments that adversely affect our business; and 

Market
 conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers, and the economy as a whole. 

Further,
the stock market in general, and securities of smaller companies in particular, can experience extreme price and volume fluctuations.
Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in the
value of our common stock. You should also be aware that price volatility might be worse if the trading volume of our common stock is
low. Occasionally, periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities may lead to the institution of securities
class action litigation against a company. Due to the volatility of our stock price, we may be the target of such securities litigation
in the future. Such legal action could result in substantial costs to defend our interests and a diversion of management s attention
and resources, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer
must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative, low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy
and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

17 

We
do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain
any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations. The declaration, payment, and amount of any future dividends, if any, will
be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows
and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant. We currently
are subject to loan covenants that would require consent from our lenders in order to pay any dividends prior to repayment of certain
outstanding loans. In addition, any future credit facilities we enter into may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends
that may be declared or paid on our common stock. 

General
Risks 

Global
economic conditions and uncertainty are likely to adversely affect our operating results or financing in ways that are hard to predict
or to defend against. 

Our
overall performance depends on economic conditions. The United States and world economies are currently anticipating a recession,
and suffering from uncertainty, inflation, volatility, disruption, and other adverse conditions, primarily caused by disruptions in the
global economy from the effects of the war in Ukraine, including global sanctions on Russia, and those conditions will continue to adversely
impact the business community and financial markets for some time. Moreover, instability in the global economy affects countries, including
the United States, with varying levels of severity, which makes the impact on our business complex and unpredictable. During adverse
economic conditions, many customers delay or reduce technology purchases. Contract negotiations are likely to become more protracted,
or conditions could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, pressure on our margins, difficulties in collection
of accounts receivable or delayed payments, increased default risks associated with our accounts receivable, slower adoption of new technologies,
and increased price competition. In addition, the current contraction of the United States and global credit markets could adversely
impact our ability to complete sales of our products and services, including maintenance and support renewals. Any of these prolonged
events, are likely to cause a curtailment in government or corporate spending and delay or decrease customer purchases, and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Businesses
and industries throughout the world are very tightly connected to each other. Thus, financial developments seemingly unrelated to us
or to our industry may adversely affect us over the course of time. For example, credit contraction in financial markets may hurt our
ability to access credit in the event that we require significant access to credit for other reasons. Similarly, volatility in our stock
price could hurt our ability to raise capital for the financing of acquisitions or other reasons. Any of these events, or any other events
caused by the current turmoil in domestic or international financial markets, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

Any
disruption of service at data centers that house our equipment and deliver our solutions could harm our business. 

Our
users expect to be able to access our solutions 24-hours a day, seven-days a week, without interruption. We have computing and communications
hardware operations located in data centers owned and operated by third parties. We do not control the operation of these data centers
and we are therefore vulnerable to any security breaches, power outages or other issues the data centers experience. We expect that we
will experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time. 

18 

The
owners of our data centers have no obligation to renew agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable
to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to move to new data centers, and we may incur significant
costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. 

These
data centers are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, malicious acts, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, floods, fires,
war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. The occurrence
of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, vandalism or other misconduct, or a decision to close the data centers without adequate
notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in availability of our solutions. 

Any
changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our
solutions could harm our reputation and may damage our customers businesses. Interruptions in availability of our solutions might
reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits to customers, subject us to potential liability, and cause customers to terminate their
subscriptions or decide not to renew their subscriptions with us. 

If
we are not able to attract and retain top employees, our ability to compete may be harmed. 

Our
performance is substantially dependent on the performance of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of any
of our executive officers or other key employees could significantly harm our business. Our success is also highly dependent upon our
continuing ability to identify, hire, train, retain, and motivate highly-qualified management, technical, sales, and marketing personnel.
In particular, the recruitment of top software developers and experienced salespeople remains critical to our success. Competition for
such people is intense, substantial, and continuous, especially in the current environment of labor shortage, and we may not be able
to attract, integrate, or retain highly-qualified technical, sales, or managerial personnel in the future. In addition, in our effort
to attract and retain critical personnel, we may experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity
or higher prices for our products or services. 

Our
products rely on the stability of infrastructure software that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness or reliability
of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business. 

Our
development of internet and intranet applications depends and will continue to depend on the stability, functionality, and scalability
of the infrastructure software of the underlying internet and intranet. If weaknesses in such infrastructure exist, we may not be able
to correct or compensate for such weaknesses. If we are unable to address weaknesses resulting from problems in the infrastructure software
such that our products do not meet customer needs or expectations, our reputation and, consequently, our business may be significantly
harmed. 

In
addition, our business and operations are highly automated, and a disruption or failure of our systems may delay our ability to complete
sales and to provide services. A major disaster or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our
critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, which may
materially and adversely affect our future operating results. 

Failure
to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively. 

We
are highly dependent on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of intellectual property laws, trademark
laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We intend
to protect our rights vigorously; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful. Enforcement of our intellectual
property rights may be difficult or cost prohibitive. While U.S. copyright laws may provide meaningful protection against unauthorized
duplication of software, software piracy has been, and is expected to be, a persistent problem for the software industry, and piracy
of our products represents a loss of revenue to us. Certain of our license arrangements may require us to make a limited confidential
disclosure of portions of the source code for our products, or to place such source code into escrow for the protection of another party.
Although we will take considerable precautions, unauthorized third parties, including our competitors, may be able to: (i) copy certain
portions of our products, or (ii) reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Also, our competitors
could independently develop technologies that are perceived to be substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies. Our competitive
position may be adversely affected by our possible inability to effectively protect our intellectual property. 

19 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

On
January 1, 2010, we entered into an agreement to lease 6,000 rentable square feet of office space in Columbus, Ohio, used for our corporate
headquarters, Document Conversion operations, and a small portion of our Document Management operations. The lease commenced on January
1, 2010 and, pursuant to a lease extension dated September 18, 2021, the lease expires on December 31, 2028. The monthly rental payment
is 4,950, with gradually higher annual increases each January up to 5,850 for the final year. 

We
lease 36,000 square feet of space in Madison Heights, Michigan as the main facility for our Document Conversion operations. 20,000 square
feet is used for records storage services, with the remainder of the space used for production, sales, and administration. The monthly
rental payment is 43,185, with gradually higher annual increases each September up to 45,828 for the final year, and with a lease term
continuing until August 31, 2026. 

We
also lease a separate 37,000 square foot building in Sterling Heights, Michigan for our Document Conversion operations, with most of
the space used for document storage, except approximately 5,000 square feet, which is used for production. The monthly rental payment
is 21,072, with gradually higher annual increases each May up to 24,171 for the final year, and with a lease term continuing to April
30, 2028. 

We
lease office space in Traverse City, Michigan for Document Conversion production. The monthly rental payment is 4,500, with a lease
term continuing until January 31, 2024. 

We
also lease and use vehicles for logistics pertaining to our Document Conversion segment, primarily pickup and delivery of client
materials, including storage and retrieval operations. The monthly rental payments for these vehicles total 4,809, with lease terms
continuing until September 30, 2028. 

We
also lease and use an additional temporary office space in Madison Heights for our Document Conversion operations, with a monthly rental
payment of 1,605 and a lease term on a month-to-month basis. We have made an accounting policy election to not record a right-of-use
asset and lease liability for short-term leases, which are defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Instead, the lease
payments are recognized as rent expense in the general and administrative expenses on the statement of operations. 

For
each of the above listed leases, management has determined it will utilize the base rental period and have not considered any renewal
periods. 

We
own and operate, for our Document Conversion segment, an extensive collection of the specialized equipment necessary for scanning images,
converting microfilm to digital images or microfiche or vice-versa. We also have the ability to provide on-site capture operations for
clients needing such services. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation and claims incidental to our business. We are not currently involved in any
legal proceedings that we believe to be material. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

Part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

As of September 9, 2022, our common
stock trades on the NYSE American under the symbol INLX. Prior to such date, our common stock was available for quotation
on the OTCQB under the same symbol. 

Holders 

As
of March 23, 2023 we had 147 stockholders of record. Such number of record stockholders does not include additional stockholders
or other beneficial owners whose shares are held in street or nominee name by banks, brokerage firms, and other institutions on their
behalf. 

Dividends 

Dividends
may be declared and paid out of legally available funds at the discretion of our board of directors Board of Directors, 
or Board ). No dividends on our common stock were paid in either of the two most recent fiscal years, and we do not anticipate
paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will depend on, among
other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors.
We currently intend to utilize all available funds to develop our business. 

20 

Unregistered
Securities Issuances in Fiscal Year 2022 

There
have been no unregistered securities issuances in Fiscal Year 2022 that have not previously been disclosed in Current Reports on 8-K
or Forms 10-Q. 

Issuer
Purchase of Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following management s discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial
statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this Annual Report, we sometimes refer to the twelve month
period ended December 31, 2022 as 2022, and to the twelve month period ended December 31, 2021 as 2021. 

We
caution you that any forward-looking statements included in this section are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject
to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the
statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Factors that may affect our results include, but are not limited
to, the risk factors that are included in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 

Company
Overview 

We
are a document services and software solutions company serving both the small-to-medium business and governmental sectors with their
digital transformation and process automation initiatives. On April 1, 2022, we made a significant business acquisition that has significantly
impacted our financial operations and grown our business operations. For further information about this acquisition, please see Note
4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 

Our
digital transformation products and services are provided through two reporting segments: Document Management and Document Conversion.
Our Document Management segment, which includes the Yellow Folder, LLC Yellow Folder asset acquisition in April 2022, consists primarily of solutions involving
our software platform, allowing customers to capture and manage their documents across operations such as scanned hard-copy documents
and digital documents including those from Microsoft Office 365, digital images, audio, video and emails. Our Document Conversion segment provides assistance to customers as a part of their overall
document strategy to convert documents from one medium to another, predominantly paper to digital, including migration to our software
solutions, as well as long-term storage and retrieval services. Our solutions create value for customers by making it easy to connect
business-critical documents to the people who need them by making those documents easy to find and access, while also being secure and
compliant with the customers audit requirements. Solutions are sold both directly to end-users and through resellers. 

Our
customers use our software by one of two methods: purchasing our software and installing it onto their own equipment, which we refer
to as a premise model, or licensing and accessing our platform via the Internet, which we refer to as a
 software as a service or SaaS model and also as a cloud-based model. Licensing of our
software through our SaaS model has become increasingly popular among our customers, especially in light of the increased deployment
of remote workforce policies, and is a key ingredient in our revenue growth strategy. Our SaaS products are hosted with Amazon Web
Services, Expedient, and Evocative, providing our customers with reliable hosting services that we believe are consistent with
industry best practices in data security and performance. 

21 

We
operate a U.S.-based business with concentrated sales to the State of Michigan for our Document Conversion segment, complemented by our
diverse set of document management software solutions and services. We hold or compete for leading positions regionally in select markets
and attribute this leadership to several factors including the strength of our brand name and reputation, our comprehensive offering
of innovative solutions, and the quality of our service support. Net growth in sales of software as a service in recent years reflects
market demand for these solutions over traditional sales of on-premise software. We expect to continue to benefit from our select niche
leadership market positions, innovative product offering, growing customer base, and the impact of our sales and marketing programs.
Examples of these programs include identifying and investing in growth and expanded market penetration opportunities, more effective
products and services pricing strategies, demonstrating superior value to customers, increasing our sales force effectiveness through
improved guidance and measurement, and continuing to optimize our lead generation and lead nurturing processes. 

How
We Evaluate our Business Performance and Opportunities 

The
major qualitative and quantitative factors we consider in the evaluation of our operating results include the following: 

With
 respect to our Document Management segment, including the solutions recently acquired from Yellow Folder, our current strategy is
 to focus on cloud-based delivery of our software products. Our observation of industry trends leads us to anticipate that cloud-based
 delivery will continue to be our principal software business and a primary source of revenues for us, and we are seeing our customers
 migrate to cloud-based services. When we evaluate our results, we assess whether our cloud-based software revenues are increasing,
 relative to prior periods and relative to other sources of revenue. 

With
 respect to our Document Conversion segment, our strategy is to maintain and grow our core document conversion, storage, and retrieval
 business, while simultaneously leveraging our software products and services to provide more attractive total digital transformation
 solutions for the customers of our Document Conversion segment. Accordingly, when we evaluate our results for Document Conversion,
 we will assess whether our revenues increase with respect to the segment s services, relative to prior periods, but we will
 also be assessing whether Document Conversion customers begin to make purchases of other products or services. 

We
 are focused upon sales of our document services and software solutions through resellers and directly to our customers, with a further
 focus on select vertical markets. We assess whether our sales resulting from relationships with resellers are increasing, relative
 to prior periods and relative to direct sales to customers, and whether reseller or direct efforts offer the best opportunities for
 growth in our targeted vertical markets. 

Our
 customer engagements often involve tailoring a document conversion program to meet customer requirements or sometimes involve the
 development and licensing of customer-specific document solutions and related consulting and software maintenance services. When
 analyzing whether to undertake a particular customer engagement, we often consider the following factors as part of our overall strategy
 to grow the business: (i) the profit margins the project may yield, and (ii) whether the project would help to develop new product
 and service features that we could integrate into our suite of products, resulting in an overall product portfolio that better aligns
 with the needs of our target customers. 

Our
 software sales cycle averages 1-3 months; however, large projects can be longer, lasting 4-6 months. When a software project begins,
 we generally perform pre-installation assessment, project scoping, and implementation consulting. On the other hand, our document
 conversion services often contain a very short sales cycle, but we can have a backlog of work orders not yet processed. Therefore,
 when we plan our business and evaluate our results, we consider the revenue we expect to recognize from projects in our late-stage
 software pipeline and in our document conversion services backlog queue. 

We
 monitor our costs and capital needs to ensure efficiency as well as an adequate level of support for our business plan. 

While
 we are constantly focused on organic growth, we also continually monitor potential acquisitions of complementary solutions and expertise
 that are consistent with our core business. We look for acquisitions that can add value for our customers and are expected to be
 accretive to our financial performance. 

22 

Executive
Overview of Results 

The
biggest factor in the changes in our results of operations during 2022 compared to 2021 was our acquisition of Yellow Folder on April
1, 2022. Our results for 2022 include the results of Yellow Folder operations for the three quarters. Our 2021 results do not include
Yellow Folder operations. Without Yellow Folder, revenues were up 96,189, or 1 , primarily driven by continued strength in software
as a service, which, excluding Yellow Folder, grew 34 year over year for 2022. Our strong software as a service performance was offset
by weaknesses in professional services due to staffing issues in the first half of 2022 and softening demand for our storage and retrieval
services from a significant customer in the home mortgage lending industry. 

Below
are our key financial results for 2022 (consolidated unless otherwise noted): 

Revenues
 were 14,016,928, representing revenue growth of 22 year over year. 

Cost
 of revenues was 5,107,770, an increase of 13 year over year. 

Operating
 expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were 8,081,837, an increase of 35 year over year. 

Income
 from operations was 827,321, compared to 964,988 for 2021. 

Net
 income was 24,027 with basic and diluted net income per share of 0.01, compared to net income of 1,357,951 in 2021. 

2021
 included other income of 845,083 for forgiveness of the PPP loan and interest. 

2022
 included 355,281 of transaction costs. 

2022
 included 87,652 of earnout fair value adjustments, compared to 141,414 for 2021. 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities was 1,988,778, compared to 1,389,966 for 2021. 

Capital
 expenditures were 577,325, excluding cash paid to acquire the Yellow Folder business, compared to 590,485 for 2021. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, we had 161 employees, including 25 part-time employees, compared to 114 employees, including 13 part-time employees,
 as of December 31, 2021. 

Financial
Impact of Current Economic Conditions 

Our
overall performance depends on economic conditions, including the current inflationary environment and the widespread expectation of
near-term global recession. 

Employee
wages, our largest expense, have recently increased due to wage inflation. These increased labor costs have slightly decreased our profit
margin over 2022, but we continue to mitigate this by appropriately increasing customer renewal rates whenever we have the contractual
ability to do so. More significantly, general wage inflation in the market has resulted in a slower hiring process as we grew our staff
during 2022, particularly for our Document Conversion segment. These hiring and staffing challenges slow our ability to complete project-based
work backlog and reduce our revenue. However, we ended 2022 with more staff than 2021, and have continued to hire more staff as of the
date of this report. We anticipate that the inflationary effect on our wages has stabilized. 

Other
volatility, particularly from global supply chain disruptions, has had and are expected to continue to have a minimal impact on us as
we consume relatively little in raw materials. A global recession may affect our customers and potential customers budgets
for technology procurement, but as of the date of this report, we have not experienced diminished customer demand due to adverse economic
conditions. Absent global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our business operations and our continued focus on
strategic initiatives to grow our customer base, we believe in the strength of our brand and that our focus on our strategic priorities
will deliver consistent growth. 

Reportable
Segments 

We
have two reportable segments: Document Management and Document Conversion. These reportable segments are discussed above under Company
Overview. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues 

The
following table sets forth our revenues by reportable segment for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues by segment 

Document Management 
 5,999,726 
 3,089,669 
 
 Document Conversion 
 8,017,202 
 8,370,596 
 
 Total revenues 
 14,016,928 
 11,460,265 

Gross profit by segment 

Document Management 
 4,978,163 
 2,542,135 
 
 Document Conversion 
 3,930,995 
 4,400,847 
 
 Total gross profit 
 8,909,158 
 6,942,982 

The
following table sets forth our revenues by revenue source for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Sale of software 
 159,084 
 78,450 
 
 Software as a service 
 4,017,409 
 1,441,683 
 
 Software maintenance services 
 1,387,885 
 1,350,470 
 
 Professional services 
 7,357,937 
 7,468,716 
 
 Storage and retrieval services 
 1,094,613 
 1,120,946 
 
 Total revenues 
 14,016,928 
 11,460,265 

23 

Our
total revenues in 2022 increased by 2,556,663, or 22 , over 2021 revenues, driven primarily by the acquisition of Yellow Folder. Yellow
Folder added 2,460,474 revenue for 2022. The remaining net increase of 1 in total revenues for 2022 is attributable to strong growth
in software as a service, offset by weakness in professional services and storage and retrieval, as further described below. 

Sale
of Software Revenues 

Revenues
from the sale of software principally consist of sales of additional or upgraded software licenses and applications to existing customers
and resellers. Yellow Folder does not earn revenue in this category. Revenues from the sale of software, which are reported as part of
our Document Management segment increased by 80,634, or 103 during 2022 compared to 2021. 

These
period over period changes are due to timing of direct sales projects compared to the same periods in 2021. We expect the volatility
of this revenue line item to continue as the frequency of on-premise software solution sales decreases over time and project timing is
unpredictable. 

Software
as a Service Revenues 

We
provide access to our software solutions as a service, accessible through the internet. Our customers typically enter into our software
as a service agreement for periods of one year or more. Under these agreements, we generally provide access to the applicable software,
data storage and related customer assistance and support. Revenues from the sale of software as a service, which are reported as part
of our Document Management segment increased by 2,575,726, or 179 in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily the result
of the Yellow Folder acquisition, which contributed 2,091,083, or 81 of the increase, augmenting the underlying new cloud-based solution
sales, as well as expanded data storage, user seats, and hosting fees for existing customers. Excluding Yellow Folder, software as a
service revenues grew 34 in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Software
Maintenance Services Revenues 

Software
maintenance services revenues consist of fees for post-contract customer support services provided to license (premise-based) holders
through support and maintenance agreements. These agreements allow our customers to receive technical support, enhancements and upgrades
to new versions of our software products when and if available. A substantial portion of these revenues were generated from renewals
of maintenance agreements, which typically run on a year-to-year basis. Yellow Folder does not earn revenue in this category. Revenues
from the sale of software maintenance services, which are reported as part of our Document Management segment, increased by 37,415,
or 3 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This small increase in these revenues in 2022 compared to the 2021 was driven by expansion of services
with existing customers and price increases being partially offset by normal attrition and certain customers migrating their premise
solution to our cloud solution, resulting software maintenance service revenues decreasing and software as a service revenues increasing. 

Professional
Services Revenues 

Professional
services revenues consist of revenues from document scanning and conversion services, consulting, discovery, training, and advisory
services to assist customers with document management needs, as well as repair and maintenance services for customer equipment.
These revenues include arrangements that do not involve the sale of software. Of our professional services revenues during 2022,
 7,082,011 was derived from our Document Conversion operations and 275,926 was derived from our Document Management operations. Our
overall professional services revenues decreased by 110,779, or 1 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This decrease is primarily the result
of COVID Omicron impacts to customers and staff in our Document Conversion segment in the first quarter 2022, and our challenges in
hiring staff to fulfill a large backlog of project work during the following quarters of 2022. The decrease was partially offset by the
contribution of 262,461 revenue from Yellow Folder for 2022. 

24 

Storage
and Retrieval Services Revenues 

We
provide document storage and retrieval services to customers, primarily in Michigan. Revenues from storage and retrieval services, which
are reported as part of our Document Conversion segment, decreased by 26,333, or 2 , during 2022 compared to 2021. This decrease was
the result of a significant reduction in volume of work from our largest storage and retrieval customer, Rocket Mortgage, due to the
significant slowdown in the home mortgage and refinancing industry. In addition, the decrease was also due to unusually high project work in 2021 including shredding
of documents approved for destruction. Revenue contributed from the Yellow Folder acquisition partially offset the decrease by 106,930. 

Costs
of Revenues and Gross Profits 

The
following table sets forth our cost of revenues by reportable segment for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cost of revenues by segment 

Document Management 
 1,021,563 
 547,534 
 
 Document Conversion 
 4,086,207 
 3,969,749 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 5,107,770 
 4,517,283 

The
following table sets forth our cost of revenues, by revenue source, for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cost of revenues: 

Sale of software 
 64,577 
 14,828 
 
 Software as a service 
 701,433 
 333,001 
 
 Software maintenance services 
 79,738 
 81,641 
 
 Professional services 
 3,908,205 
 3,709,348 
 
 Storage and retrieval services 
 353,817 
 378,465 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 5,107,770 
 4,517,283 

Our
total cost of revenues during 2022 increased by 590,487 or 13 , over 2021. Our cost of revenues for our Document Management segment increased
by 474,029, or 87 , primarily due to the impact of Yellow Folder in that segment. Our cost of revenues for our Document Conversion segment
increased by 116,458, or 3 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due an unfavorable project mix, requiring more labor to complete projects. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Gross profit: 

Sale of software 
 94,507 
 63,622 
 
 Software as a service 
 3,315,976 
 1,108,682 
 
 Software maintenance services 
 1,308,147 
 1,268,829 
 
 Professional services 
 3,449,732 
 3,759,368 
 
 Storage and retrieval services 
 740,796 
 742,481 
 
 Total gross profit 
 8,909,158 
 6,942,982 

Gross profit percentage: 

Sale of software 
 59.4 
 81.1 
 
 Software as a service 
 82.5 
 76.9 
 
 Software maintenance services 
 94.3 
 94.0 
 
 Professional services 
 46.9 
 50.3 
 
 Storage and retrieval services 
 67.7 
 66.2 
 
 Total gross profit percentage 
 63.6 
 60.6 

Our
overall gross profit increased to 64 in 2022 from 61 in 2021. The increase in the mix of software as a service revenue was the principal
driver of the increase, due to the addition of Yellow Folder and overall strong margins in the Document Management segment, partially
offset by margin erosion in the Document Conversion segment, driven by lower-margin project work relative to 2021. 

Cost
of Software Revenues 

Cost
of software revenues consists primarily of labor costs of our software engineers and implementation consultants and third-party software
licenses that are sold in connection with our core software applications. During 2022, cost of software revenues increased by 49,749,
or 336 , from 2021, increasing more than revenues with more complex solutions sold in 2022. Our gross margin for software revenues decreased
to 59 from 81 in 2021. The 2021 margins were unusually strong, driven by license expansions and similar solutions that required fewer
costs to deliver the solution. Yellow Folder had no impact to this category. 

25 

Cost
of Software as a Service 

Cost
of software as a service, or SaaS, consists primarily of technical support personnel, hosting services, and related costs. Cost of software
as a service increased by 368,432, or 111 , during 2022 over 2021. This increase in the cost of SaaS was less than the increase in associated
SaaS revenues, so our gross margin in 2022 increased to 83 compared to 77 in 2021, as a result of strong margins with and without Yellow
Folder, which contributed 85 gross margin. 

Cost
of Software Maintenance Services 

Cost
of software maintenance services consists primarily of technical support personnel and related costs. Cost of software maintenance services
decreased by 1,903, or 2 , in 2022 from 2021, due to stable support activity. As a result, our gross margin for software maintenance
services remained at 94 in 2022 and 2021. 

Cost
of Professional Services 

Cost
of professional services consists primarily of compensation for employees performing the document conversion services, compensation of
our software engineers and implementation consultants and related third-party costs. Cost of professional services increased in 2022
by 198,857, or 5 , over 2021, primarily due to an unfavorable mix of lower-margin projects combined with the staffing challenges in
our Document Conversion segment, driven by inflationary pressures. As a result, our gross margin for professional services decreased
to 47 during 2022 compared to 50 in 2021. Gross margins related to consulting services may vary widely, depending upon the nature of
the consulting project and the amount of labor required to complete a project. Yellow Folder partially offset the overall margin erosion
with 87,679 costs in 2022 at 67 margin. 

Cost
of Storage and Retrieval Services 

Cost
of storage and retrieval services consists primarily of compensation for employees performing the document storage and retrieval services,
including logistics, provided primarily by our Michigan operations and to a much lesser extent, Yellow Folder. Cost of storage and retrieval
services decreased by 24,648, or 7 , during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was due to additional labor costs in 2021 associated
with our 2021 warehouse consolidation, partially offset by general wage inflation, as well as costs decreasing in proportion to revenue
project volume. Gross margins for our storage and retrieval services, which exclude the cost of facilities rental, maintenance, and related
overheads, increased to 68 during 2022 compared to 66 in 2021. Yellow Folder did not have a material impact, contributing costs of
 29,187, or 8 of the cost in 2022, at a gross margin of 73 . 

Operating
Expenses 

The
following table sets forth our operating expenses for the periods indicated: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 4,945,214 
 4,044,296 
 
 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 
 87,652 
 141,414 
 
 Transaction costs 
 355,281 
 - 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 1,971,493 
 1,378,352 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 722,197 
 413,932 

Total operating expenses 
 8,081,837 
 5,977,994 

26 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased in 2022 by 900,918, or 22 , over 2021, principally related to the addition of Yellow Folder expenses
in 2022. This was primarily reflected in our Document Management segment, in which our general and administrative expenses increased
to 2,512,879 in 2022 from 1,610,017 in 2021. In our Document Conversion segment, our general and administrative expenses were roughly
flat at 2,432,335 in 2022 compared to 2,434,279 in 2021. 

Change
in Fair Value of Earnout Liabilities 

Fair
value adjustments amounted to 87,652 for 2022. The fair value adjustments were driven by updated assumptions to reflect the improved
performance of both acquisitions against their threshold targets and the decreasing impact
of present value discounting. For 2021, improvements in actual and forecast gross margin and revenue performance drove adjustments in fair
value for both the Graphic Sciences and the CEO Image earnout liabilities, totaling 141,414. 

Transaction
Costs 

The
transactions costs during 2022 were comprised of investment banker success fees, as well as legal and consulting fees, in connection
with our acquisition of Yellow Folder and related fundraising activities. There were no transaction costs during 2021. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses increased by 593,141, or 43 , during 2022 over 2021. This increase was primarily driven by the inclusion of
the sales and marketing expenses from Yellow Folder beginning the second quarter 2022, as well as adding two sales
representatives. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization during 2022 increased by 252,517, or 61 , over 2021 as a result of amortization of new intangible assets related to
the Yellow Folder acquisition. The incremental amortization amounted to 220,375 in 2022, or 87 of the increase. 

Other
Items of Income and Expense 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Debt 

The
 845,083 gain on extinguishment of debt during 2021 reflects the full forgiveness of the principal and interest
on our PPP Note by the SBA in January 2021. 

27 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense was 803,294 during 2022 as compared with 452,120 during 2021, representing an increase of 351,174 or 78 . The increase resulted
from incremental interest expense on increased net debt following the April 1, 2022 private placement of securities, slightly offset
by reduced interest resulting from partial principal repayment of the 2020 Notes on December 1, 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have financed our operations primarily through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from operations, borrowings from third parties
and related parties, and proceeds from private sales of equity. Since 2012, and including our private offering in April 2022, we have
raised a total of approximately 26.5 million in cash through issuances of debt and equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 2.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, net working capital deficit of 1.1 million, and an accumulated deficit of 21.6
million. In June 2022, we paid approximately 1.0 million in earnout liabilities and in December 2022 we prepaid approximately 1.0 million
in principal, which was due in February 2023. 

In
2022, we engaged in several actions that significantly improved our liquidity and cash flows, including, on April 1, 2022: 

acquiring
 the positive cash flow generated by Yellow Folder, 

receiving
 aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 5.7 million from the private placement of our common stock (all which was used to acquire
 Yellow Folder), and 

receiving
 approximately 3.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of 12 subordinated promissory notes due March 30, 2025, which we refer
 to as the 2022 Notes (some of which was used to acquire Yellow Folder, with the remainder used for general working capital). 

Of
our existing debt as of December 31, 2022, approximately 0.3 million was due and paid on February 28, 2023, 0.7 million is due
August 31, 2023, and approximately 3 million is due March 30, 2025. We also paid final earnout payments for our Graphic Sciences
acquisition of 700,000 subsequent to the balance sheet date, on January 3, 2023. Our operating cash flow alone may be insufficient
to meet the debt obligations in full in 2023. We have positive operating cash flow, and we believe we could seek additional debt or
equity financing on acceptable terms. We believe that our balance sheet and financial statements would support a full or partial
refinancing or other appropriate modification of the current promissory notes, such as an extension or conversion to equity. We are
confident in our ability to prudently manage our current debt on terms acceptable to us. 

Our
ability to meet our capital needs in the short term will depend on many factors, including maintaining and enhancing our operating cash
flow, successfully managing the transition of our recent acquisition of Yellow Folder, successfully retaining and growing our client
base in the midst of global inflation and general economic uncertainty, and managing any continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our business. 

Based
on our current plans and assumptions, we believe our capital resources, including our cash and cash equivalents, along with funds expected
to be generated from our operations and potential financing options, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs arising in
the ordinary course of business for at least the next 12 months, including to satisfy our expected working capital needs, earnout obligations
and capital and debt service commitments. 

Our
ability to meet our capital needs further into the future will depend primarily on strategically managing the business and successfully
retaining our client base. 

Indebtedness 

As
of December 31, 2022, our outstanding long-term indebtedness consisted of: 

The
 2020 Notes issued to accredited investors on March 2, 2020, with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 980,450 and accrued
 interest of 0 (of which 262,950 in principal has been paid as of the date of this report). 

The
 2022 Notes issued to accredited investors on April 1, 2022, with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 2,964,500 and accrued
 interest of 0. 

28 

Capital
Expenditures 

There
were no material commitments for capital expenditures at December 31, 2022. 

Cash
Provided by Operating Activities. 

From
our inception, we have generated revenues from the sales, implementation, subscriptions, and maintenance of our internally generated
software applications, as well as significantly increased revenues from document conversion services beginning in 2020. Our uses of
cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware costs, rent for our corporate offices and warehouses, hosting fees
for our cloud-based software services, other general corporate expenditures, and travel costs to client sites. 

The majority of our software as a service revenues and our maintenance
support services revenues are annual contracts which are generally invoiced and collected at the beginning of each renewal period. Of
these annual renewals, we experience seasonality favoring the third quarter each year, due to governmental entity preferences for a July
to June annual period. Accordingly, our cash collections are largest in the third quarter, and our deferred revenues are generally correspondingly
at their highest during that period as well. 

Net cash provided by operating activities during 2022
was 1,988,778, primarily attributable to the net income adjusted for non-cash expenses of 2,264,811, an increase in operating assets
of 243,527 and a decrease in operating liabilities of 56,533. Net cash provided by operating activities during 2021 was 1,389,966,
primarily attributable to net income adjusted for non-cash expenses of 703,883, an increase in operating assets of 393,404 and a decrease
in operating liabilities of 278,464. 

Cash
Used in Investing Activities. 

Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was
 6,960,594, primarily 6,383,269 in cash paid to acquire Yellow Folder, as well as 376,345 in capitalized internal use software. Net
cash used in investing activities in 2021 was 590,485, primarily related to purchases of racking property and equipment for the new Sterling
Heights, MI warehouse. 

Cash
Provided and Used in Financing Activities. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during 2022
amounted to 5,915,667, as the result of cash generated from the sale of common stock of 5,740,758 and from new borrowings of 2,964,500,
partially offset by issuance costs of 746,342, as well as a further offset of 1,018,333 in earnout liability payments and 1,019,550
in repayment of notes payable and 5,366 in the principal portion of a finance lease liability. Net cash used by financing activities
during 2021 amounted to 954,733 in earnout liability payments. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

These
critical accounting policies and estimates by our management should be read in conjunction with Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

29 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in
the reporting period. We monitor and analyze these items for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates
could occur in the future. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates
are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially
from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future results of
operations will be affected. 

We
consider the following accounting policies and estimates to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial condition
and those that require the most subjective judgment: 

Revenue
 Recognition 

Business
 Acquisition, Goodwill and Intangibles, including Contingent Liability Earnout 

Accounts
 Receivable, Unbilled 

Deferred
 Revenues 

Accounting
 for Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed and Accounting for Internal Use Software 

Accounting
 Stock-Based Compensation 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
accordance with ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers, we follow a five-step model to assess each contract of
a sale or service to a customer: identify the legally binding contract, identify the performance obligations, determine the transaction
price, allocate the transaction price, and determine whether revenue will be recognized at a point in time or over time. Revenue is recognized
when a performance obligation is satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods and services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods and services. In addition, ASC 606
requires disclosures of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. 

Our
contracts with customers often contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations
separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone
selling price SSP basis. We determine the SSP based on an observable standalone selling price when it is available, as
well as other factors, including, the price charged to customers, our discounting practices, and our overall pricing objectives, while
maximizing observable inputs. In situations where pricing is highly variable or uncertain, we estimate the SSP using a residual approach. 

Revenue
from on-premises licenses is recognized upfront upon transfer of control of the software, which occurs at delivery, or when the license
term commences, if later. We recognize revenue from maintenance contracts ratably over the service period. Cloud services revenue is
recognized ratably over the cloud service term. Training, professional services, and storage and retrieval services are provided either
on a time and material basis, in which revenues are recognized as services are delivered, or over a contractual term, in which revenues
are recognized ratably. With respect to contracts that include customer acceptance provisions, we recognize revenue upon customer acceptance.
Our policy is to record revenues net of any applicable sales, use or excise taxes. 

Payment
terms and conditions vary by contract type, although our terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. We assess
whether payment terms are customary or extended in accordance with normal practice relative to the market in which the sale is occurring.
In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of payment, we have determined our contracts do not include
a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable
ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from our customers or to provide customers with financing. 

We
generally do not offer rights of return or any other incentives such as concessions, product rotation, or price protection and, therefore,
do not provide for or make estimates of rights of return and similar incentives. 

30 

We
establish allowances for doubtful accounts when available information causes us to believe that credit loss is probable. 

Business
Acquisition, Goodwill and Intangibles Assets, including Contingent Liability Earnout 

We
have allocated the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair value of such assets and liabilities
at the date of acquisition. We estimate a fair value of any earnout which would be owed to the seller based on the terms of the earnout
and record this liability at the acquisition date. Fair value was based on future projections of metrics such as revenue or profit over
the earnout period and valuation techniques that utilize expected volatility, threshold probability, and discounting of future payments.
Evaluating the fair value involves a high degree of assumptions used within the valuation models, in particular, forecasts of projected
revenues or margins. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the earnout liabilities. 

The
carrying value of goodwill is not amortized, but it tested for impairment annually as of December 31, as well as on an interim basis
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a reporting unit may not be recoverable. An impairment
charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the recorded fair value. All intangible assets have finite lives
and are stated at cost, net of amortization. Amortization is computed over the useful life of the related assets on a straight-line method. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a change in fair value of earnout liabilities for both Graphic Sciences and CEO Image. The
assumptions were updated to reflect the improved performance of both acquisitions against their threshold targets, a reduction of pandemic-related
uncertainty, and the decreasing impact of time value of money. In December 2022, an amendment to the Graphic Sciences stock purchase
agreement was signed, which accelerated the timing of the final Graphic Sciences earnout payment and set the amount at 700,000. This
amount was paid subsequent to the balance sheet date, on January 3, 2023. 

Accounts
Receivable, Unbilled 

We
recognize professional services revenue over time as the services are delivered using an input or output method (e.g., labor hours incurred
as a percentage of total labor hours budgeted, images scanned, or similar milestones), as appropriate for the contract, provided all
other revenue recognition criteria are met. When our revenue recognition policies recognize revenue that has not yet been billed, we
record those contract asset amounts in accounts receivable, unbilled. 

Deferred
Revenues 

Amounts
that have been invoiced are recognized in accounts receivable, deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition
criteria have been met. Deferred revenue represents amounts billed for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Deferred revenues typically
relate to maintenance and software-as-a-service agreements which have been paid for by customers prior to the performance of those services,
and payments received for professional services and license arrangements and software-as-a-service performance obligations that have
been deferred until fulfilled under our revenue recognition policy. 

Accounting
for Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed and Accounting for Internal Use Software 

We
design, develop, test, market, license, and support new software products and enhancements of current products. We continuously monitor
our software products and enhancements to remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. In accordance with ASC 985-20 Costs
of Software to be Sold, Leased or Otherwise Marketed, we expense software development costs, including costs to develop software
products or the software component of products to be sold, leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is
reached. Once technological feasibility has been established, certain software development costs incurred during the application development
stage are eligible for capitalization. Based on our software development process, technical feasibility is established upon completion
of a working model. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such products. Such costs in the amount
of 43,771 were capitalized during the 2022. No such costs were capitalized during 2021. 

In
accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software, we capitalize purchase and implementation costs of internal use software.
Once an application has reached development stage, internal and external costs, if direct and incremental, are capitalized until the
software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalization ceases upon completion of all substantial testing.
We also capitalize costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable that the expenditure will result in additional
functionality. Such costs in the amount of 376,345 were capitalized during 2022. Such costs in the amount of 38,305 were capitalized
during 2021. 

Capitalized
costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
on a straight-line basis, which is three years. 

31 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
maintain one stock-based compensation plan. We account for stock-based payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation. Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock that are recognized in the consolidated statement
of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant. We account for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with
ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value
on the grant date. 

The
grant date fair value of stock option awards is recognized in earnings as stock-based compensation cost over the requisite service period
of the award using the straight-line attribution method. We estimate the fair value of the stock option awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model. The exercise price of options is specified in the stock option agreements. The expected volatility is based on
the historical volatility of our stock for the previous period equal to the expected term of the options. The expected term of options
granted is based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. The risk-free interest rate is based upon
a U.S. Treasury instrument with a life that is similar to the expected term of the options. The expected dividend yield is based upon
the yield expected on date of grant to occur over the term of the option. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

(1)
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. 

Consolidated
Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable, or because the information required
to be presented is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto included in this report. 

32 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 Intellinetics,
Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Columbus,
Ohio 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Intellinetics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the years then ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Evaluation
of the Fair Value of Intangibles and Goodwill Related to Business Acquisitions 

Description
of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company completed the acquisition of Yellow Folder LLC. (Yellow Folder) on April 1, 2022, for a purchase price of 6,383,269.
We identified the evaluation of the acquisition date fair values of intangible assets acquired and goodwill as a critical audit matter. 

Auditing the valuation of the acquired intangible
assets was complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the high degree of subjectivity in evaluating certain assumptions
required to estimate the fair values. In particular, the fair value measurement of customer relationships was sensitive to management s
forecasts of revenue growth rates, gross margin, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margin, and the
discount rate used to estimate the discounted cash flows. The fair value measurement of the proprietary technology and trade name assets
were sensitive to management s forecasts of revenue growth rates, royalty rates and the discount rate used to estimate the discounted
cash flows. 

F- 1 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To test the fair value estimates of the customer relationship, proprietary
technology and trade name intangible assets, we performed audit procedures which included, among others, evaluating the prospective financial
information used in the valuation models, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data and evaluating the Company s
use of valuation methodologies. Our procedures to assess the prospective financial information used in the valuation models, included
evaluating the key assumptions discussed above, by comparing them to historical results of the acquired business. We involved our valuation
specialists to assist in our evaluation of the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the fair value estimates as well
as to independently calculate fair value estimates for the acquired intangible assets. Lastly, we evaluated the appropriateness of the
Company s related disclosures. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

March
 27, 2023 

F- 2 

Part
I Financial Information 

 Item 1. Financial Statements 

INTELLINETICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, unbilled 

Parts and supplies, net 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets, operating 

Right of use asset, finance 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities, operating - current 

Lease liability, finance - current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenues 

Deferred compensation 
 - 

Earnout liabilities - current 

Notes payable - current 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable - net of current portion 

Notes payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities, operating - net of current portion 

Lease liability, finance - net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Earnout liabilities - net of current portion 
 - 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

INTELLINETICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Sale of software 

Software as a service 

Software maintenance services 

Professional services 

Storage and retrieval services 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues: 

Sale of software 

Software as a service 

Software maintenance services 

Professional services 

Storage and retrieval services 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 

Transaction costs 

- 
 
 Sales and marketing 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other (expense) income 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 

Interest expense 

Total other (expense) income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Net income 

Basic net income per share: 

Diluted net income per share: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 

See Notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

INTELLINETICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock Issued to Directors 

- 

Stock Option Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock Issued to Directors 

- 

Stock Option Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock Issued 

- 

Equity Issuance Costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants Issued and Extended 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

INTELLINETICS, INC. and SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Parts and supplies reserve change 
 - 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Amortization of debt discount 

Right of use asset, operating 

Amortization of right of use asset, finance 
 
 - 
 
 Stock issued for services 

Stock option compensation 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable, unbilled 

Parts and supplies 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities, operating, current and long-term 

Deferred compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest, current and long-term 
 - 

Deferred revenues 

Total adjustments 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid to acquire business 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalization of internal use software 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of earnout liabilities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Offering costs paid on issuance of common stock and notes 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Principal portion of finance lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Discount on notes payable for warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Discount on notes payable - related parties for warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
 - 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities relating to business acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenues 
 
 - 
 
 Net assets acquired in acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Cash used in business acquisition 
 
 - 

See Notes to these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

INTELLINETICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the outstanding
voting stock of an investee, except when control is not held by the majority owner. We have two subsidiaries: Intellinetics Ohio and
Graphic Sciences. We consider the criteria established under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard
Codification ASC 810, Consolidations in the consolidation process. All significant intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

b)
Sale of software as a service 

Sale
of software as a service SaaS consists of revenues from arrangements that provide customers the use of our software applications,
as a service, typically billed on a monthly or annual basis. Advance billings of these services are not recorded to the extent that the
term of the arrangement has not commenced and payment has not been received. Revenue on these services is recognized over the contract
period. 

c)
Sale of software maintenance services 

Software
maintenance services revenues consist of revenues derived from arrangements that provide post-contract support PCS ), including
software support and bug fixes, to our software license holders. Advance billings of PCS are not recorded to the extent that the term
of the PCS has not commenced and payment has not been received. PCS are considered distinct services. However, these distinct services
are considered a single performance obligation consisting of a series of services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern
of transfer to the customer. These revenues are recognized over the term of the maintenance contract. 

d)
Sale of professional services 

Professional
services revenues consist of revenues from document scanning and conversion services, consulting, discovery, training, and advisory services
to assist customers with document management needs, as well as repair and maintenance services for customer equipment. We recognize professional
services revenue over time as the services are delivered using an input or output method (e.g., labor hours incurred as a percentage
of total labor hours budgeted, images scanned, or similar milestones), as appropriate for the contract, provided all other revenue recognition
criteria are met. 

e)
Sale of storage and retrieval services 

Sale
of document storage and retrieval services consist principally of secured warehouse storage of customer documents, which are typically
retained for many years, as well as retrieval per agreement terms and certified destruction if desired. We recognize revenue from document
storage and retrieval services over the term of the contract for storage and for the retrieval and destructions components, as the services
are delivered. Customers are generally billed monthly based upon contractually agreed-upon terms. 

f)
Arrangements with multiple performance obligations 

In
addition to selling software licenses, software as a service, software maintenance services, professional services, and storage and retrieval
services on a stand-alone basis, a portion of our contracts include multiple performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance
obligations, we allocate the transaction price of the contract to each distinct performance obligation, on a relative basis using its
standalone selling price. We determine the standalone selling price based on the price charged for the deliverable when sold separately. 

g)
Contract balances 

When
the timing of our delivery of goods or services is different from the timing of payments made by customers, we recognize either a contract
asset (performance precedes contractual due date) or a contract liability (customer payment precedes performance). Customers that prepay
are represented by deferred revenue until the performance obligation is satisfied. Contract assets represent arrangements in which the
good or service has been delivered but payment is not yet due. Our contract assets consisted of accounts receivable, unbilled, which
are disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets, as well as contract assets which are comprised of employee sales commissions
paid in advance of contract periods ending. Our contract liabilities consisted of deferred (unearned) revenue, which is generally related
to software as a service or software maintenance contracts. We classify deferred revenue as current based on the timing of when we expect
to recognize revenue, which are disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
 following tables present changes in our accounts receivable and contract assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 

Balance at Beginning of Period 
 Revenue Recognized in Advance of Billings 
 Billings 
 Balance at End of Period 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Accounts receivable, unbilled 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Accounts receivable, unbilled 

Balance at Beginning of Period 
 Commissions Paid 
 Commissions Recognized 
 Balance at End of Period 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Contract assets 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Contract assets 

h)
Deferred revenue 

Amounts
that have been invoiced are recognized in accounts receivable, deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue recognition
criteria have been met. Deferred revenue represents amounts billed for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Deferred revenues typically
relate to maintenance and software as a service agreements which have been paid for by customers prior to the performance of those services,
and payments received for professional services and license arrangements and software as a service performance obligations that have
been deferred until fulfilled under our revenue recognition policy. 

Remaining
performance obligations represent the transaction price from contracts for which work has not been performed or goods and services have
not been delivered. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 months,
with the remainder recognized thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining
performance obligations for software as a service and software maintenance contracts with a duration greater than one year was .
As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for software as
a service and software maintenance contracts with a duration greater than one year was . This does not include revenue related
to performance obligations that are part of a contract whose original expected duration is one year or less. 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Contract liabilities: Deferred revenue 
 
 - 

i)
Rights of return and customer acceptance 

We
do not generally offer variable consideration, financing components, rights of return or any other incentives such as concessions, product
rotation, or price protection and, therefore, does not provide for or make estimates of rights of return and similar incentives. Our
contracts with customers generally do not include customer acceptance clauses. 

j)
Reseller agreements 

We
execute certain sales contracts through resellers. We recognize revenues relating to sales through resellers when all the recognition
criteria have been met including passing of control. In addition, we assess the credit-worthiness of each reseller, and if the reseller
is undercapitalized or in financial difficulty, any revenues expected to emanate from such resellers are deferred and recognized only
when cash is received and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. 

k)
Contract costs 

We
capitalize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. We have determined that certain sales commissions meet the
requirement to be capitalized, and we amortize these costs on a consistent basis with the pattern of transfer of the goods and services
in the contract. Total capitalized costs to obtain contracts are included in contract assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

l)
Sales taxes 

Sales
taxes charged to and collected from customers as part of our sales transactions are excluded from revenues, as well as the determination
of transaction price for contracts with multiple performance obligations, and recorded as a liability to the applicable governmental
taxing authority. 

m)
Disaggregation of revenue 

We
provide disaggregation of revenue based on product groupings in our consolidated statements of operations as we believe this best depicts
how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Revenues from contracts are
primarily within the United States. International revenues were not material to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

n)
Significant financing component 

Our
customers typically do not pay in advance for goods or services to be transferred in excess of one year. As such, it is not necessary
to determine if we benefit from the time value of money and should record a component of interest income related to the upfront payment
due to the practical expedient of ASC 606-10-32-18. 

and of revenues,
respectively. We have not experienced any losses resulting from nonpayment by the State of Michigan. 

We
do not generally require collateral or other security to support customer receivables; however, we may require customers to provide retainers,
up-front deposits or irrevocable letters-of-credit when considered necessary to mitigate credit risks. We have established an allowance
for doubtful accounts based upon facts surrounding the credit risk of specific customers and past collections history. Credit losses
have been within management s expectations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our allowance for doubtful accounts was and
 , respectively. 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the lease or
the asset, whichever is shorter, generally . Upon retirement or other disposition of these assets, the cost and related
accumulated depreciation and amortization of these assets are removed from the accounts and the resulting gains and losses are reflected
in the results of operations. 

impairment of long lived assets in the twelve month periods ended 2022 or 2021. 

were capitalized during the 2022. such costs were capitalized during 2021. 

In
accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software, we capitalize purchase and implementation costs of internal use software.
Once an application has reached development stage, internal and external costs, if direct and incremental, are capitalized until the
software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalization ceases upon completion of all substantial testing.
We also capitalize costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable that the expenditure will result in additional
functionality. Such costs in the amount of were capitalized during 2022. Such costs in the amount of were capitalized
during 2021. 

Capitalized
costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed over the estimated useful lives of the related assets
on a straight-line basis, which is three years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our consolidated balance sheets included and
 , respectively, in other long-term assets. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, our expensed software development costs were and , respectively. 

and
 , respectively. 

valuation allowance has been established on
deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the uncertainty of our ability to realize future taxable income. 

We
account for uncertainty in income taxes in our financial statements as required under ASC 740, Income Taxes. The standard
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition accounting. Management determined there were no material uncertain positions
taken by us in our tax returns. 

Document Conversion 

Total revenues 

Gross profit 

Document Management 

Document Conversion 

Total gross profit 

Capital additions, net 

Document Management 

Document Conversion 

Total capital additions, net 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Goodwill 

Document Management 

Document Conversion 

Total goodwill 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Total assets 

Document Management 

Document Conversion 

Total assets 

Reclassifications 

Certain
amounts reported in prior filings of the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to current presentation. 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets (see Note 5) 

Assets 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets 

Purchase price 

Goodwill - Excess of purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired 

The
purchase price of was paid in cash. Goodwill in the amount of was recognized in the acquisition of Yellow Folder
and is attributable to the cash flows of the business derived from our potential to outperform the market due to its existing relationship
and other synergies created within the Company. 

Acquisition
costs which include legal and other professional fees of for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, were expensed as nonrecurring
transaction costs and are included in transaction costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Net income 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted net income per share 

The
unaudited pro forma consolidated results are based on our historical financial statements and those of Yellow Folder and do not necessarily
indicate the results of operations that would have resulted had the acquisition actually been completed at the beginning of the applicable
period presented. The pro forma financial information assumes that the companies were combined as of January 1, 2021. 

Ne t income 

Ne t income (loss) 

years 

Proprietary technology 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 - years 

At
December 31, 2021, intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Estimated 
 
 Accumulated 

Useful Life 
 Costs 
 Amortization 
 Net 
 
 Trade names 
 years 

Customer relationships 
 - years 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounted to and , respectively. The following table represents
future amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Intangible assets 

The
carrying values of cash and equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of
its short maturity. Management believes that the carrying value of the 2020 Notes and 2022 Notes approximate fair value given that, while
there has been change in the overall economic environment, including a significant increase in interest rates, there has not been significant
net availability of credit to the Company. 

We
have earnout liabilities related to our two 2020 acquisitions which are measured on a recurring basis and recorded at fair value, measured
using probability-weighted analysis and discounted using a rate that appropriately captures the risks associated with the obligation.
The inputs used to calculate the fair value of the earnout liabilities are considered to be Level 3 inputs due to the lack of relevant
market activity and significant management judgment. 

Fair value, beginning balance 

Payments 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

Fair value, ending balance 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Fair value at January 1, 2021 

Fair value, beginning balance 

Payments 

Change in fair value 

Fair value at December 31, 2021 

Fair value, ending balance 

The
fair values of amounts owed are recorded in the current and long-term portions of earnout liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
Changes in fair value are recorded in change in fair value of earnout liabilities in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Total
depreciation expense on our property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and ,
respectively. 

- 
 
 2020 Notes 

Total notes payable 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

Less unamortized debt discount 

Less current portion, net 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term portion of notes payable 

2025 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest for these notes payable with the exception of the related party notes in Note 9, Notes
Payable - Related Parties, was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized debt discount
were reflected within short and long term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, netted with the corresponding notes payable
balance. 

With
respect to all notes outstanding (other than the notes to related parties), interest expense, including the amortization of debt issuance
costs and debt discount for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2022
Unrelated Notes 

On
April 1, 2022, we sold in 12 Subordinated Notes 2022 Unrelated Notes to unrelated accredited investors .
 The entire outstanding principal and unpaid interest of the 2022 Notes are due and payable on . Interest on the
2022 Unrelated Notes accrues at the rate of per annum, payable quarterly in cash, beginning on September 30, 2022. Any accrued but
unpaid quarterly installment of interest will accrue interest at the rate of per annum. Any overdue principal and accrued and unpaid
interest at the maturity date will accrue a mandatory default penalty of of the outstanding principal balance and an interest rate
of per annum from the maturity date until paid in full. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the private placement offering
to finance the acquisition of Yellow Folder and the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

2020
Notes 

On
March 2, 2020, we sold 
 units, at an offering price of 
per unit, to accredited investors in a private placement offering, with each unit consisting of 
in 12 Subordinated Notes 2020 Notes and 
shares of our common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of . The
entire outstanding principal and unpaid interest of the 2020 Notes were initially due and payable on . On December 1, 2022, we paid the note holders an amount totaling as a prepayment of principal .
In December 2022, a majority of the note holders signed an amendment to extend the maturity date for 
of the remaining 
in 2020 Notes to August 31, 2023. Interest on the 2020 Notes accrues at the rate of 
per annum, payable quarterly in cash, beginning on June 30, 2021. Any accrued but unpaid quarterly installment of interest will
accrue interest at the rate of 
per annum. Any overdue principal and accrued and unpaid interest at the maturity date will accrue a mandatory default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal balance and an interest rate of 
per annum from the maturity date until paid in full. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the private placement offering to
finance the acquisitions of Graphic Sciences and CEO Image and the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate
purposes. We recognized a debt discount of 
for the 
shares issued in conjunction with the units. The amortization of the debt discount, which will be recognized over the life of the
2020 Notes as interest expense, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. 

PPP
Note 

On
April 15, 2020, we were issued an unsecured promissory note PPP Note under the Paycheck Protection Program through PNC
Bank with a principal amount of . The term of the PPP Note Payable was two years, with an interest rate of per annum deferred
for the first six months. We received notice on January 20, 2021 that the Small Business Administration had forgiven the full amount
of principal and interest of the PPP Note, and we have recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt of for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

- 
 
 Notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Less unamortized debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term portion of notes payable 
 
 - 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest for these notes payable related parties was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
unamortized deferred financing costs were reflected within long term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 

With
respect to all notes payable related parties outstanding, interest expense, including the amortization of debt issuance costs,
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and was and , respectively. 

2022 Related Note 

On
April 1, 2022, we issued a 12 Subordinated Note with a principal amount of 
(the 2022 Related Note to Robert Taglich (holding more than 5 beneficial interest in the Company s Shares).
The entire outstanding principal and unpaid interest of the 2022 Related Note is due and payable on March 30, 2025. Interest on
the 2022 Related Note accrues at the rate of 
per annum, payable quarterly in cash, beginning on September 30, 2022. Any accrued but unpaid quarterly installment of interest will
accrue interest at the rate of 
per annum. Any overdue principal and accrued and unpaid interest at the maturity date will accrue a mandatory default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal balance and an interest rate of 
per annum from the maturity date until paid in full. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the private placement offering to
finance the acquisition of Yellow Folder and the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate
purposes. 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
for one of our founders. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid , in deferred incentive compensation, which amount
was reflected as a reduction in our deferred compensation liability. We made no deferred incentive compensation payments during 2021. 

rentable square feet of office space in Columbus, Ohio, used for our corporate
headquarters, Document Conversion operations, and a small portion of our Document Management operations. The lease commenced on and, pursuant to a lease extension dated , the lease expires on December 31, 2028. The monthly rental payment
is , with gradually higher annual increases each January up to for the final year. 

We
lease square feet of space in Madison Heights, Michigan as the main facility for our Document Conversion operations. square
feet is used for records storage services, with the remainder of the space used for production, sales, and administration. The monthly
rental payment is , with gradually higher annual increases each September up to for the final year, and with a lease term
continuing until . 

We
also lease a separate square foot building in Sterling Heights, Michigan for our Document Conversion operations, with most of
the space used for document storage, except approximately square feet, which is used for production. The monthly rental payment
is , with gradually higher annual increases each May up to for the final year, and with a lease term continuing to . 

We
lease office space in Traverse City, Michigan for Document Conversion production. The monthly rental payment is , with a lease
term continuing until . 

We
also lease and use vehicles for logistics pertaining to our Document Conversion segment, primarily pickup and delivery of client materials,
including storage and retrieval operations. The monthly rental payments for these vehicles total , with lease terms continuing
until . 

We
also lease and use an additional temporary office space in Madison Heights for our Document Conversion operations, with a monthly rental
payment of and a lease term on a month-to-month basis. We have made an accounting policy election to not record a right-of-use
asset and lease liability for short-term leases, which are defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Instead, the lease
payments are recognized as rent expense in the general and administrative expenses on the statement of operations. 

For
each of the above listed leases, management has determined it will utilize the base rental period and have not considered any renewal
periods. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

- 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease expense 

Short-term lease expense 

- 
 
 Financing cash flows from finance lease (principal) 
 
 - 
 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term finance lease 
 years 
 - 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Discount rate finance lease 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Lease liabilities, operating current 

Lease liabilities, operating net of current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance leases: 

Right-of-use asset, finance 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset, finance, net 
 
 - 

Lease liability, finance current 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability, finance net of current 
 
 - 
 
 Total finance lease liability 
 
 - 

shares of common stock with par value. The holders of our common stock are entitled to
one vote per share. The holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board
of Directors out of legally available funds. However, the current policy of the Board of Directors is to retain earnings, if any, for
the operation and expansion of the business. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Intellinetics, the holders of common stock
are entitled to share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, shares of common stock were reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants, and shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under our 2015 Equity
Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2015 Plan ). 

Private
Placement 2022 

On
April 1, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors, pursuant to which we issued and sold
(i) shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a price of per share,
for aggregate gross proceeds of and (ii) 
in 12 Subordinated Notes, for aggregate gross proceeds of for the combined private placement .
 We used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering to finance the acquisition of Yellow Folder, and used the remaining
net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes, including debt reduction. 

We
retained Taglich Brothers, Inc. as the exclusive placement agent for the private placement. In compensation, we paid the placement agent
a cash payment of of the gross proceeds of the offering, along with warrants to purchase shares of Company common stock, an extension
of its existing warrants, and reimbursement for the placement agent s reasonable out of pocket expenses, FINRA filing fees and
related legal fees. On April 1, 2022, the Company paid the placement agent cash in the amount of and issued the placement agent
warrants to purchase shares at an exercise price at per share, which are exercisable for a period of five years after issuance,
contain customary cashless exercise provisions and anti-dilution protection and are entitled to limited piggyback registration rights.
In addition, we agreed to extend the expiration date of all currently outstanding warrants previously issued to the placement agent and/or
its assignees to March 30, 2027. Debt issuance costs of were recorded for the issuance of the April 1, 2022 warrants, utilizing
the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of warrants issued was determined to be . Debt issuance costs of were
recorded for the extension of the exercise period for existing unexpired warrants to March 30, 2027, utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation
model. The fair value of warrants affected was determined to be from to . Underwriting paid-in-capital charges of 
and debt issuance costs of was recorded for the placement agent cash fee and other related legal fees. Amortization of the debt
issuance costs for this private placement offering was recorded at , for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Private
Placement 2020 

On
March 2, 2020, we sold shares of our common stock and certain subordinated notes in a private placement to accredited investors
as follows: 

shares of our common
 stock at a purchase price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of , and 

units at a purchase
 price of per unit, with each unit consisting of in 12 Subordinated Notes and shares of our common stock, for aggregate
 gross proceeds of . 

In
connection with the private placement offering, we paid the placement agent in cash, equal to of the gross proceeds of the
offering, along with warrants to purchase shares of our common stock and reimbursement for the placement agent s reasonable
out of pocket expenses, FINRA filing fees and related legal fees. The warrants are exercisable at an exercise price at per share
for a period of after issuance, contain customary cashless exercise provisions and anti-dilution protection and are entitled
to limited piggyback registration rights. Underwriting expense of and debt issuance costs of were recorded for the
issuance of the March 2, 2020 warrants, utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of warrants issued was determined
to be . Underwriting expense of and debt issuance costs of was recorded for the placement agent cash fee and other
related legal fees. Amortization of the debt issuance costs for this private placement offering was recorded at and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warrants 

The
following sets forth the warrants to purchase our common stock that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable until , issued to certain 5 stockholders. 

Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable until , issued to the placement agent in
 connection with private placements of our convertible promissory notes. 

Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable until , issued to the placement agent in
 connection with private placements of our convertible promissory notes. 

Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable until , issued to the placement agent in
 connection with private placements of our promissory notes. 

Warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share exercisable until , issued to the placement agent in
 connection with private placements of our promissory notes. 

Warrants
to purchase shares of common stock were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 at a fair value determined to be 
per warrant utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation model. The estimated value of the warrants issued during the year ended December 31,
2022, as well as the assumptions that were used in calculating such values, were based on estimates at the issuance date in the table
below. No warrants were issued during 2021. 

Weighted average expected term 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

shares and shares, respectively, of restricted common stock to our directors
as part of their annual compensation plan. The grants of restricted common stock were made outside the 2015 Plan and were not subject
to vesting. Stock compensation of was recorded on this issuance of restricted common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Stock
Options 

On
April 14, 2022, we granted employees stock options to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share in accordance with
the 2015 Plan, with vesting continuing until 2025. The total fair value of for these stock options is being recognized over
the requisite service period. We did not make any stock option grants during 2021. 

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The weighted average assumptions
that were used in calculating such values during the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as the assumptions that were used in calculating
such values, were based on estimates at the grant date in the table as follows: 

Weighted average expected term 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

years 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

Weighted- 

Weighted- 
 Average 

Shares 
 Average 
 Remaining 
 Aggregate 

Under 
 Exercise 
 Contractual 
 Intrinsic 

Option 
 Price 
 Life 
 Value 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2021 

years 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

years 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation for options was and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock
options granted under our stock option agreements. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of . The total fair value of stock options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was . 

Issues
of Stock-Based Compensation 

December 6, 2016 

September 25, 2017 

September 25, 2017 

January 30, 2019 

March 11, 2019 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 March 11, 2019 

(1) 
 
 March 11, 2019 

September 2, 2020 

April 14, 2022 

(1) 

and , respectively, of our total revenues for each
period, and our second largest customer, Rocket Mortgage, accounted for and , respectively, of our total revenues. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, government contracts, including K-12 education, represented approximately and of our net revenues, respectively.
A significant portion of our sales to resellers represent ultimate sales to government agencies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable concentrations from our two largest customers were and of gross accounts receivable,
respectively by customer. As of December 31, 2021, accounts receivable concentrations from our two largest customers were and 
of our gross accounts receivable, respectively by customer. Accounts receivable balances from our two largest customers at December
31, 2022 have been partially collected. 

per share and (ii) 12 subordinated notes. The principal
amount of the 12 subordinated notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, become due and payable from February 28,
2023 to August 31, 2023. 

- 

Robert F. Taglich 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

We
retained Taglich Brothers, Inc. on an exclusive basis to render financial advisory and investment banking services to us in connection
with our acquisition of Yellow Folder. Pursuant to an Engagement Agreement, dated May 1, 2020, we paid Taglich Brothers, Inc. a success
fee of as a result of the successful completion of the acquisition of Yellow Folder. 

We
retained Taglich Brothers, Inc., as the exclusive placement agent for the 2022 private placement, as described above, pursuant to a Placement
Agent Agreement. In connection with the 2022 private placement, we paid Taglich Brothers, Inc. , which represented an commission
based upon the gross proceeds of the 2022 private placement. In addition, for its services in the 2022 private placement, Taglich Brothers,
Inc. was issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock, which amount is equal to of the shares sold in the 2022 private
placement, which have an exercise price of per share of common stock, are exercisable for a period of five years, contain customary
cashless exercise and anti-dilution protection rights and are entitled to piggy-back registration rights. 

, pursuant to a December
2022 amendment to the stock purchase agreement. 

Payment of 2020 Notes 

On February 28, 2023, we paid in principal
for the 2020 Notes. 

F- 25 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial office, and Board of Directors,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired objectives, and we necessarily are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes,
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting
is subject to inherent limitations and therefore, may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
of future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

33 

Based
on our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act and we did maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting, based on criteria issued by COSO. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit
us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-13(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. 

Not
applicable. 

Part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Incorporated
by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later
than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Incorporated
by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later
than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Incorporated
by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later
than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Incorporated
by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later
than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Incorporated
by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later
than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

34 

Part
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Reference
is made to the Index to Financial Statements beginning on Page F-1 hereof. 

Financial
Statement Schedules. 

(a)
Documents Filed as Part of Report 

(1)
Financial Statements. 

(3)
Exhibits. 

The
exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report and such Exhibit Index
is incorporated by reference. 

35 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 27, 2023. 

Intellinetics, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 James F. DeSocio 

James F. DeSocio 

President, Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 27, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Title 

/s/
 James F. DeSocio 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 James
 F. DeSocio 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joseph D. Spain 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Joseph
 D. Spain 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Matthew L. Chretien 
 
 Chief
 Strategy Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Secretary, 
 
 Matthew
 L. Chretien 
 
 and
 Director 

/s/
 Rye D Orazio 
 
 Director 
 
 Rye
 D Orazio 

/s/
 Roger Kahn 
 
 Director 
 
 Roger
 Kahn 

/s/
 William M. Cooke 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Director 
 
 William
 M. Cooke 

/s/
 Sophie Pibouin 
 
 Director 
 
 Sophie
 Pibouin 

/s/ John Guttilla 
 
 Director 
 
 John Guttilla 

36 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporation
 by Reference 

Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 10-SB 
 
 3.1 
 
 10-02-2000 

3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Correction, effective May 22, 2007 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 06-15-2007 

3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 99.1 
 
 09-03-2014 

3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Intellinetics, Inc., dated March 2, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 03-04-2020 

3.1.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Intellinetics, Inc., dated March 3, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 03-04-2020 

3.2.1 
 
 Bylaws of Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 10-SB 
 
 3.3 
 
 10-02-2000 

3.2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 03-01-2012 

3.2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 03-04-2020 

4.1 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 03-30-2020 

4.2 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrants, dated January 31, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 01-06-2017 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, issued October 22, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 10-26-2017 

4.4 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrants 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 11-24-2017 

37 

4.5 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrants 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 09-26-18 

4.6 
 
 Form of 12 Subordinated Notes, dated March 2, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 03-04-2020 

4.7 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrants, dated March 2, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.4 
 
 03-04-2020 

4.8 
 
 Description of Registered Securities + 

4.9 
 
 Amendment to 12 Subordinated Promissory Notes 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11-28-2022 

4.10 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrants, dated April 1, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 04-05-2022 

4.11 
 
 Form of 12 Subordinated Notes, dated April 1, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 04-05-2022 

10.1 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement of Matthew L. Chretien, dated September 16, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.37 
 
 02-13-2012 

10.2 
 
 Amended Offer of Employment of Matthew L. Chretien, dated September 16, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.38 
 
 02-13-2012 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement of Joseph D. Spain dated December 2, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 12-06-2016 

10.4 
 
 Lease Renewal Agreement by and between Intellinetics, Inc. and Dividend Drive LLC, dated as of August 9, 2016 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 03-30-2017 

10.5 
 
 Intellinetics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 04-30-2015 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Intellinetics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, dated September 25, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 09-26-2017 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to Intellinetics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, dated February 19, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 02-23-2018 

10.8 
 
 Third Amendment to Intellinetics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, dated April 17, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 3-24-2022 

10.9 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Intellinetics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, dated April 29, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05-05-2021 

10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.9 
 
 03-28-2016 

10.11 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 01-05-2016 

10.12 
 
 Offer Letter, dated September 25, 2017, between Intellinetics, Inc. and James F. DeSocio 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09-26-2017 

10.13 
 
 Intellinetics, Inc. 2018 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 02-23-2018 

10.14 
 
 Amendment, dated February 19, 2018, between Intellinetics, Inc. and Joseph D. Spain 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02-23-2018 

10.15 
 
 State of Michigan Enterprise Procurement Notice of Contract No 171 180000000749, between the State of Michigan and Graphic Sciences, Inc., with Standard Contract Terms, dated June 1, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 03-04-2020 

38 

10.16 
 
 Standard Industrial Lease Agreement, by and between KHS Properties, LLC and Graphic Sciences, Inc., dated August 30, 2018. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 03-30-2021 

10.17 
 
 Lease, by and between Liberty Park Commerce Center, LLC and Graphic Sciences, Inc., dated February 5, 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 03-30-2021 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Intellinetics, Inc. + 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm + 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 + 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document + 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document + 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document + 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document + 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document + 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Linkbase Document + 

+ 
 Filed herewith: 

39 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 ex4-8.htm

Exhibit 4.8 

Description of the Company s Common Stock
Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 

The following summary of Intellinetics, Inc. s
common stock is based on and qualified by the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles and Bylaws,
as amended Bylaws ). For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the Company s common stock, refer to
the Articles and Bylaws, both of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company s authorized capital stock consists
of 25,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to
one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights.
Holders of record of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors. To date,
we have not paid cash dividends. We intend to retain any earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Any future determination as to the payment of cash
dividends will depend on future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition and such other factors as the
Board of Directors may consider. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably
in all assets that are legally available for distribution. 

Holders of our common stock do not have pre-emptive
rights to subscribe for or to purchase any stock, obligations or other securities. 

All of the shares of common stock currently issued
are fully paid and non-assessable. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Listed below are the subsidiaries of Intellinetics,
Inc. as of December 31, 2022. 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

1. Intellinetics, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 
 
 2. Graphic Sciences, Inc. 
 
 Michigan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Intellinetics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Columbus, Ohio 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-237721, 333-222765, 333-210484, and 333-264981) of Intellinetics, Inc. of our report dated March
27, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of Intellinetics, Inc. and Subsidiaries, which appear in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Intellinetics, Inc. 

/s/ GBQ Partners LLC 

Columbus, Ohio 

 March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, James F. DeSocio, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Intellinetics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ James F. DeSocio 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Joseph D. Spain, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Intellinetics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph D. Spain 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Intellinetics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, James F. DeSocio, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ James F. DeSocio 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Intellinetics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Joseph D. Spain, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 27, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph D. Spain 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 inlx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 inlx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 inlx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 inlx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

