<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230111_10-K_edgar_data_1383088_0001477932-23-000200.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3625032</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150055</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>641882</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1069213</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>773183</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>901716</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-000200.hdr.sgml : 20230111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230111152845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-000200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230111
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230111

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CYTTA CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001383088
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				980505761
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-139699
		FILM NUMBER:		23523512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5450 W SAHARA AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300A
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-511-4426

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5450 W SAHARA AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300A
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89146

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cytta Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-000200.txt : 20230111

10-K
 1
 cyca_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

cyca_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 7389 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , ) (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not applicable. Not applicable. Not applicable. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicated by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. : Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use to the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates on March 31, 2022, was (computed using the closing price of the common stock on March 31, 2022, as reported by OTCMarkets.com). As of January 4, 2023, shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1 Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 7 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 14 Item 2 Properties 14 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 14 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 14 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 15 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 19 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 23 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 23 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 23 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 23 Item 9B Other Information 24 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 25 Item 11 Executive Compensation 27 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 29 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 30 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 30 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 31 Signatures 32 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking statements that set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as project , believe , anticipate , plan , expect , estimate , intend , should , would , could , or may , or other such words, verbs in the future tense and words and phrases that convey similar meaning and uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward looking statements. There are a number of important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward looking statements. While we make these forward looking statements based on various factors and using numerous assumptions, you have no assurance the factors and assumptions will prove to be materially accurate when the events they anticipate actually occur in the future. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially are discussed in greater detail under Item 1A, Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K. The forward looking statements are based upon our beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time we make these statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward looking statements as (i) these statements are neither predictions nor guaranties of future events or circumstances, and (ii) the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, forecasts and projections about future events may differ materially from actual results. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the date of this report. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Description of Business Organization Cytta Corp. Cytta or the Company was incorporated on May 30, 2006, under the laws of the State of Nevada. It is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Since 2014, Cytta has focused on developing and marketing video compression-based software and hardware products, using technology based upon the SUPR (Superior Utilization of Processing Resources) video compression codec/algorithm and our IGAN (Incident Global Area Network) incident command system. Cytta currently develops, markets, and distributes proprietary video streaming products and services that improve how video is streamed, consumed, transferred, and stored in enterprise environments. Cytta s primary business focus is the development of video streaming products and services that utilize our SUPR compression codec/algorithm, our IGAN Incident Command System (ICS) and our related industry experience. We design and develop innovative and effective video compression-based software, and hardware products utilizing our software and video-streaming technological knowledge. We also offer a combination of technical and consulting services, proprietary software products, hardware products utilizing our software and system integration team to meet the needs of customers. Cytta places extreme value on satisfying our customers needs with innovative well-engineered, high-quality products and service solutions. Cytta s proprietary SUPR Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) technology is built around our SUPR proprietary video codec, the technology at the core of our products. SUPR is explicitly designed for streaming HD, 4K, and higher resolution video while significantly reducing required technical resources. Cytta s IGAN Incident Command System (ICS) system seamlessly streams and integrates all available video and audio sources during emergencies, enabling sharing of multiple video and audio inputs. The IGAN ICS introduces immediate real-time video and audio situational awareness, which is valuable for police, firefighters, first responders, emergency medical workers, industry, environmental and emergencies, security, military, and all their command centers in any emergency. We have created advanced video compression, video/audio collaboration software, and portable hardware systems that solve real world problems in large markets. We believe our products will enable and empower the world to consume higher quality video anywhere, anytime. Our ultimate goal is to deliver such high-quality video that it is not discernible from reality with the naked eye creating Reality Delivered for the Metaverse. Our corporate website is located at http://cytta.com/, and the contents of our website are expressly not incorporated herein. Corporate Matters On September 30, 2020, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock. Under the terms of the Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock, 50,000 shares of the Company s preferred shares are designated as Series D Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock. For so long as any shares of the Series D Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters equal to two times the sum of all the number of shares of other classes of Corporation capital stock eligible to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. On September 30, 2020, the Company issued 50,000 shares of Series D preferred Stock to a Company controlled by the Company s CEO, in satisfaction of 1,347,894 of capital stock to be issued. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021,, there were 50,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. On June 2, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada. Under the terms of the Certificate of Designation 13,650,000 (as amended on June 10, 2021) were designated as Series E Preferred Stock. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock at any time by the holder. For so long as any shares of the Series E Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote one share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company sold 13,650,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at 0.05 per share and received 682,500. As of September 30, 2021, there were 13,650,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company converted the 13,650,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to 13,650,000 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2022, there were no shares of Series E Preferred stock issued and outstanding. 4 Table of Contents On November 24, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada. Under the terms of the Certificate of Designation 59,270,000 were designated as Series F Preferred Stock. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock at any time by the holder. For so long as any shares of the Series F Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote one share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. The Series F Preferred Stock automatically converts to common stock after the shares of common stock closing market price is at least 0.20 for twenty (20) consecutive trading days. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company sold 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock at 0.05 per share and received proceeds of 2,963,750, and during the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company converted the 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock to 59,270,000 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2022, there were no shares of Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Products SUPR (Superior Utilization of Processing Resources) Product Cytta s proprietary, secure video compression technology offers, what we believe is, superior streaming in HD/4K/8K as compared to common open standard codec/algorithms. SUPR is an entirely unique, ground-up design that is a patented software codec/algorithm for video compression, which operates differently from MPEG-based codec/algorithms (H.264, H.265, VP9). SUPR performs exceptionally well in bandwidth-challenged environments where other video compression solutions cannot operate or do so poorly. SUPR delivers video streaming for airborne ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) applications including environments where video streams are transmitted beyond line-of-sight. By utilizing a SUPR-enabled encoder onboard an aircraft, video can be securely streamed in high-definition to a SUPR-enabled decoder. Compared to MPEG-based video compression solutions, SUPR offers the following technological advantages: Clear and superior imagery in lower bandwidths Lossless video stream Lower video latency Proprietary video stream Fewer instances of blocking artifacts and pixilation issues as compared to MPEG-based codec/algorithms (H.264, H.265, VP9) and alternatives Processor operates more efficiently (SUPR utilizes only 2 of calculations per pixel vs. MPEG-based codec/algorithms (H.264, H.265, VP9) Computer runs cooler during compression due to less processor-intense operation IGAN (Incident Global Area Network) Product The IGAN (Incident Global Area Network) ICS (Incident Command System) system is designed to deliver communications composed of multiple streams of voice and video delivered with low latency and viewable by multiple parties over one unified secure communication system. IGAN seamlessly streams all relevant video and audio into a single web (or mobile app) interface. It is designed to work as a common interface for daily operations or can scale up to support hundreds of participants from separate organizations during an emergency. IGAN connects people-to-people, people-to-groups, and facilitates conferences independent of device or location. IGAN offers a distributed and easily customized solution for integrating disparate communications systems in multiple locations into a seamless and rapidly re-configurable solution. 5 Table of Contents IGAN s distributed platform architecture allows individual communications systems to be located anywhere that a network connection can be established, and the interconnection of these systems can be controlled from any location or multiple locations. The robust platform is fully redundant such that if a site is lost, a backup is immediately established. IGAN is an IP-software multi-channel / multi-access communications and tactical conferencing solution for professional and mission critical applications. The solution is highly scalable to multiple users, and supports multiple channels and conferences. IGAN is a secure, advanced ICS (Incident Command System) offering low latency, multidirectional communications, integrating multiple video and voice devices including video cameras, smartphones, tablets, computers, bodycams and 2-way radios. IGAN is a tool for video collaboration when requiring the integration of video feeds from sUAS (Small Unmanned Aerial Systems) unmanned drone operations and any other video source. IGAN is designed to upload a video feed in real-time. It then allows remote participants to not only see low latency remote aerial video, but to guide flight and other source video instruction such as video zoom on a target or areas of inspection. The IGAN ICS system resides in Cytta s secure cloud or can be privately hosted on a customer s server. The IGAN hosting architecture is offered two ways: Cytta Cloud; where we manage (but do not store) daily operations. Customer Hosted; where we provide clients with a stand-alone server fully integrated with IGAN software, or we can install on an existing server within the client s network. IGAN can also be installed in a mobile command vehicle making it a completely mobile solution for remote incident communications. IGAN operating through Cytta s secure cloud offers secure FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) 140-2 and is CJIS (criminal justice information services) compliant. IGAN offers the following technical advantages: Creates a unified communications system for sharing video and voice using advanced compression and SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) technologies. No client application program is required. Utilizes a web browser to join an IGAN session. Multiple device flexibility in that any video device, 2-way radio, etc. can be added Offers secure FIPS 140-2 and CJIS compliance CYTTA PRODUCT LINES The video compression and streaming product lines are comprised of three main types of products, each aimed at the different phases of selling to and supporting the customer. Custom Software Development Custom software development is a type of professional service product. Using software development and product management staff, solutions are created that are either based on a packaged system (and therefore are extensions of an existing product), or are new workflow systems that are intended to work stand alone or possibly in conjunction with other packaged products. Custom software is also developed to add future support to a customer s system that is not being addressed via standard product upgrades or follow-on product development. Recent examples include adding specific configuration files to a customer s SUPR software hardware product. Our custom software solutions are compatible with packaged systems, which is accomplished through the use of the common underlying software platform. 6 Table of Contents Software Maintenance Plans (SMPs) Our products follow industry norms for high-end software systems. SMPs (Software Maintenance Plans) are comprised of service promises and software upgrades such as the following: Phone, e-mail and back-office technical support Onsite troubleshooting Software maintenance releases Software upgrades Integrated Portable Hardware/Software Systems Our combined products are designed and built to create complete and integrated systems that are marketed to provide complete portable solutions to client requirements. Our integrated hardware/software products bring advantages to HD, 4K and 4K+ wireless live video streaming and a centralized video/audio interaction system to a variety of industries. Competition Current and new competitors may be able to develop and introduce better or more desirable products in advance of us or at a lower cost. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors have longer and/or more established operating histories, greater industry experience, greater name recognition, established customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. To be competitive, we must respond promptly and effectively to the challenges of technological change, evolving standards and regulations, and our competitors innovations by continually working to improve the design of our products, enhancing our products, as well as improving and increasing our marketing and distribution channels. Increased competition could result in a decrease in the desirability of our products, a decrease in the use of our products by customers, loss of market share and brand recognition, and a reduction in the projected revenues from our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Competitive pressures faced by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Intellectual Property The original SUPR compression codec/algorithm and related industry knowhow and experience was acquired from Michael Collins, our current Chief Technology Officer, in 2013. Our current SUPR software codec/algorithm video compression technology is wholly owned by Cytta and is sold and licensed to customers, in all product configurations free of any encumbrances or limitations (other than normal software security requirements). Research and Development To maintain our level of continuous innovation, the Company conducts numerous internal Research and Development projects. Additionally, the unique needs and applications of our customers require that we conduct research and development and engineering in order to provide them with the needed solutions and products. Employees We currently employ seven (7) independent contractors in the United States to conduct our operations. The Company contracts with various independent contractors and consultants to fulfill additional needs, including accounting, investor relations, business development, permitting, and other corporate functions, and may increase staff further as we expand activities and bring new projects to market. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a smaller reporting Company and are not required to include disclosures under this item. However, the following important factors among others, could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time. 7 Table of Contents There are numerous and varied risks, known and unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company sustained losses during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the Company had an accumulated deficit of in excess of 27,000,000 as of September 30, 2022. These conditions factors raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue operations as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating cash flow sufficient to fund operations and reducing operating expenses. Our business strategy may not be successful in addressing these issues. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders may lose their entire investment. Our growth plan is based upon Management s projection of what may happen in the future, and such predictions may not occur. Our growth plan is based upon management s projections of estimated available cash flow, expenses, revenue, revenue over profit, earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation, sales cycle time and other measures of projected economic performance. These projections are made in Management s view of what may happen in the future, and are not based upon historical projections. Projections or predictions of future events may not occur and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Our lack of operating/sales history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. The Company was formed on May 30, 2006. Since July 2009, substantially all of the Company s efforts have been devoted to designing and developing its technologies and products. The Company has currently generated limited sales revenue from the sale of its products. Accordingly, the Company has a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate the Company s business and future prospects. An investor should consider and evaluate the Company s prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies introducing new products in intensely competitive markets. Investors may lose their entire investment if we fail to implement our business plan. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. These risks include, without limitation, competition, the absence of ongoing revenue streams, a competitive market environment, and lack of brand recognition. If we fail to implement and create a base of operations for our proposed business, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case investors may lose their entire investment. Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations and OTC Link rules, and regulations governing our technologies and data protection are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. These new or changed laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Also, while there is limited regulation of our business at the state and federal level, any change to such regulation could adversely affect our business. Also, our clients are often tightly regulated governments or government agencies, and their ability to pay us or our ability to provide services may be impacted by changes in regulations and laws applying to them, which restrict the types of vendors they contract with. We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, our business may be materially impacted and our reputation may be harmed. 8 Table of Contents We will require additional financing to accomplish our business strategy. We require substantial working capital to fund our business development plans, and we expect to experience significant negative cash flow from operations for at least the next six (6) months. We currently estimate that current available capital will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital needs through March 31, 2023. Depending upon sales volume generated by our business during that time, we also anticipate the possibility of having to raise additional funds in order to achieve our plans and accomplish our immediate and longer-term business strategy. These additional funds likely will be raised through the issuance of Company s securities in debt and/or equity financings. If we are unable to raise these additional funds on terms acceptable to us, we will be required to limit our expenditures for continuing our product development activities and expanding our sales and marketing operations, reduce our work force, or find alternatives to fund our business on terms that are not as favorable to the Company. Any such actions would impair our product development and expansion plans, reduce potential revenues, increase operating losses, and adversely affect the value of the Company. Our success depends on the reception by market for our technology products. Our ability to generate revenues will depend significantly on our ability to attract a sufficient number of users of the Company s IGAN ICS and SUPR ISR video-compression products. If we are unable to successfully market our products to our target markets and gain a sufficient number of users, any future revenues will be significantly impacted. In addition, any factors adversely affecting the demand for, or market acceptance of, our products could materially reduce our revenues and result in adverse market perceptions of our Company and its products. We face significant competition. We believe that our success will depend heavily upon achieving market acceptance of our IGAN ICS and SUPR ISR compression products before our competitors introduce more advanced competing products. Current and new competitors, however, may be able to develop and introduce better or more desirable products in advance of us or at a lower cost. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors have longer and/or more established operating histories, greater industry experience, greater name recognition, established customer bases, and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. To be competitive, we must respond promptly and effectively to the challenges of technological change, evolving standards and regulations, and our competitors innovations by continually working to improve the design of our products, enhancing our products, as well as improving and increasing our marketing and distribution channels. Increased competition could result in a decrease in the desirability of our products, a decrease in the use of our products by customers, loss of market share and brand recognition, and a reduction in the projected revenues from our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Competitive pressures faced by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. If we do not build brand awareness and brand loyalty, our business may suffer. Due in part to the substantial resources available to many of our competitors, our opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant market share may be limited. The importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successfully promoting and positioning of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to offer reliable and desirable products at competitive rates, and customer perceptions of the value of our products. If our planned marketing efforts are ineffective or if customer perceptions change, we may need to increase our financial commitment to creating and maintaining brand awareness and loyalty among customers, which could divert financial and management resources from other aspects of our business or cause our operating expenses to increase disproportionately to our revenues. This would cause our business and operating results to suffer. 9 Table of Contents Our success depends in large part on the continuing efforts of a few individuals and our ability to attract, retain and motivate new personnel to expand our operations. We depend substantially on the continued services and performance of our existing management team, and we do not currently have formal employment agreements with them, and there is no guarantee that they will continue to be employed by us in the future. The loss of services of any of our non-long term current management team could hurt our business and our financial condition, and results of operations could suffer. Our success also will depend on our ability to attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other skilled technical, managerial, sales and marketing, and business development personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense. If we fail to successfully attract, assimilate and retain a sufficient number of qualified technical, managerial, sales and marketing, business development and administrative personnel, our ability to manage, maintain and expand our business could suffer. Supply limitations may adversely affect our operations. Our business strategy depends, to a significant extent, on the availability of relatively stable prices for costs of creative and technical contract workers used in the design, update and creation of our products. As a small company, we may not have much leverage in dealing with these third parties with respect to timeliness of delivery, costs, or quality or quantity of supplies or services. Our inability to acquire quality supplies or services in sufficient quantity and/or on a timely and/or cost-effective basis could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our success depends in significant part on our ability to develop and introduce innovative and competitive products. Our ability to compete and to achieve and maintain profitability depends significantly on our ability to protect our product designs through obtaining and enforcing patent rights, obtaining trademark and copyright protection, maintaining our trade secrets, and operating without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We also rely on trade secret protection for our confidential and proprietary information. The Company protects its trade secrets through access control as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with its employees, consultants and advisors. These agreements, however, may be breached, and the Company may not have adequate remedies for such a breach. In addition, the Company s trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. Accordingly, it is uncertain whether the Company s reliance on trade secret protection will be adequate to safeguard its confidential and proprietary information. Our ability to obtain and defend our patent position and to maintain our trade secrets will have a significant effect on the success of the Company. Although we intend to pursue patent protection and to aggressively enforce any issued patent against infringement by third parties, our ability to do so is dependent on our financial condition. Such efforts usually are both time consuming and consume significant financial resources. If third parties either challenge the Company s patents, claim ownership of any Company intellectual property (including but not limited to design patents), proceed to make competitive products using the Company s patents or other intellectual property, or in any other way impinge on the Company s proprietary rights, substantial Company resources, in both time and money, are likely to be consumed. If any infringement claims against the Company are resolved unfavorably to the Company, we could be (a) enjoined from manufacturing or selling our products, (b) required to pay damages, (c) required to develop new designs, and/or (d) required to acquire licenses to intellectual property that are the subject of the infringement claims. These licenses, if required, may not be available on acceptable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, intellectual property claims, whether initiated by us against third parties or asserted against us by others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. A small group of Company officers and directors hold a majority of the control of the Company. As of January, 5, 2023, the Company s executive officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 29 of the Company s outstanding common stock. Additionally, we have issued 50,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock to our CEO and member of the Board of Directors, Gary Campbell, which shares entitle Mr. Campbell to two-thirds of the total votes of all outstanding capital stock of the Company. By virtue of such stock ownership, our CEO is able to control the election of the members of the Company s Board of Directors and to generally exercise control over the affairs of the Company. Such concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of the Company that might otherwise be beneficial to stockholders. There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise with respect to such directors or that such conflicts will be resolved in a manner favorable to the Company. 10 Table of Contents Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest. Our officers and directors will devote such time as they deem necessary to the business and affairs of the Company. In most companies, there are certain inherent conflicts between the officers and directors and the investors which cannot be fully mitigated. Our directors and officers have interests in other businesses, and/or provide consulting or other services for their individual benefit and account. Because the officers and directors will engage in operations independent of the Company, some of these activities may conflict with those of the Company. The officers and directors thus may be placed in the position where their decisions could favor their own operations or other operations with which they are associated over those of the Company. The officers and directors of the Company are free to engage generally in business for their own account in addition to any participation arising out of the Company s activities. Our ability to protect our intellectual property is crucial to our operations . Our success will depend in significant part on our ability to maintain intellectual property and maintain protection for our products and processes in order to preserve our trade secrets and proprietary technology and establish brand identity and to operate without infringing upon the patents, trademarks or proprietary rights of third parties in the United States and other countries. It is also possible that others could successfully sue the Company for violating their rights in such types of technology. In either case, such litigation can be expensive and time-consuming, and can be used by well-funded adversaries as a strategy for depleting the resources of a small enterprise such as ours. It is also possible that our competitors will develop products using a technology that would provide the same end results, without violating our intellectual property rights. Failure to obtain or subsequent loss of our intellectual property protection could seriously harm our business. Our products could become obsolete. Technological obsolescence of our technologies and products is always a possibility. There is no assurance that our competitors will not succeed in developing related products using similar processes and marketing strategies, or that they will not develop technologies and products that are more effective than any which we are developing or will develop. Our ability to compete will depend on the continued timely enhancement and development of technologies and products. There is no assurance that we will be able to keep pace with technological developments or that our products will not become obsolete. Our initial product introductions could result in increased costs in the future. Because we are still in the initial phase of introducing our initial SUPR and IGAN products to the market, we do not know whether there will be design defects or problems with programming, which we are not currently aware of but which could be identified by our customers, which problems could delay future sales, or result in product redesign, recall or repair, and, ultimately, loss of market share, and any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. Difficult economic conditions could harm our business. The coronavirus pandemic and consequent societal disruptions resulting therefrom could continue to adversely impact our operations, supply chains and distribution systems and demand for our products and services. Global, national, and local economic conditions continue to be challenging in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the economy appears to be recovering in some areas of the USA and in some countries, it is not possible for us to predict the extent and timing of any improvement in economic conditions which would lead to greater demand for our software. A continued economic downturn could adversely impact our business in the future by causing a decline in demand for our software as our life science customers seek to cut costs, particularly if the economic conditions are prolonged or worsen. In addition, such poor economic conditions may adversely impact our access to capital, which is needed for us continue operations as we have relatively low levels of working capital. Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers, support them and operate our business. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage, it is possible that hardware or software failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or contain significant inaccuracies. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we, or any of the third-party service providers we engage, were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our participants and providers and hinder our ability to provide services, retain and attract participants, manage our participant risk profiles, establish reserves, report financial results timely and accurately and maintain regulatory compliance, among other things. 11 Table of Contents Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate participant needs and expectations, enhance the participant experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner, including through maintaining relationships with third-party providers of technology. Increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. In addition, recent trends toward greater participant engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. Our failure to effectively invest in and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. Our common shares will be subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC, and the trading market in our securities will be limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. We will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to its customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock, which in all likelihood would make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their securities. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000, or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse, is considered an accredited investor. In addition, under the penny stock regulations the broker-dealer is required to: Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling stockholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our stockholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 12 Table of Contents Investors may never receive cash distributions, which could result in an investor receiving little or no return on his or her investment. Distributions are payable at the sole discretion of our board of directors. We do not know the amount of cash that we will generate, if any, once we have more productive operations. Cash distributions are not assured, and we may never be in a position to make distributions. We have issued Series D Preferred Stock, whose holders have rights superior to investors in our Common Stock. We have issued 50,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock to our CEO and member of the Board of Directors, Gary Campbell. While each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock, the Series D Preferred Stock is super-voting preferred stock. For so long as any shares of the Series D Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters equal to two times the sum of all the number of shares of other classes of Company capital stock eligible to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company, meaning that the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have two-thirds of the total votes associated with the capital stock of the Company. Our shares may be thinly traded with wide share price fluctuations, low share prices and minimal liquidity. Our share price may be volatile with wide fluctuations in response to several factors, including potential investors anticipated feeling regarding our results of operations; increased competition; and our ability or inability to generate future revenues. In addition, our share price may be affected by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. Our share price might be affected by general economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates, commodity prices, or international currency fluctuations. Additionally, stocks traded on the OTC Link are usually thinly traded, highly volatile and not followed by analysts. These factors, which are not under our control, may have a material effect on our share price. We could potentially need to sell shares in the future, which would result in a dilution to our existing shareholders. We may seek additional funds through the sale of our common stock. This will result in a dilution effect to our shareholders whereby their percentage ownership interest in Cytta is reduced. The magnitude of this dilution effect will be determined by the number of shares we will have to issue in the future to obtain the funds required. The sale of additional stock to new shareholders will reduce the ownership position of the current shareholders. The price of each share outstanding common share may decrease in the event we sell additional shares. Since our securities are subject to penny stock rules, you may have difficulty reselling your shares. Our shares are penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers including: disclosure and confirmation of quotation prices; disclosure of compensation the broker/dealer receives; and, furnishing monthly account statements. For sales of our securities, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination and receive from its customer a written agreement prior to making a sale. The imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices could adversely affect a shareholder s ability to dispose of his stock. Current and future legal action would cause our costs to increase. On November 24, 2020, Lee Skoblow (the Plaintiff filed a complaint in the State District Court for Clark County, Nevada, naming Cytta as a Defendant. The Plaintiff contends that the Company had breached an agreement. On or about January 15, 2021, the Defendant filed an Answer and Counterclaim in the litigation and also contended that in fact the Plaintiff owed money to Cytta having breached an earlier services agreement, of limited scope and duration, and was liable for defaming Cytta in various communications he had sent to certain persons or entities. Management has been contesting the matter vigorously. A bench trial was held in June 2022, and the court has not yet made a ruling. Other than the above, there are presently no legal actions pending against the Company or to which it or any of its property are subject, nor to its knowledge are any such proceedings contemplated. However, the above legal proceeding and any other legal action in the future will result costs of defense that would be variable and would be expected to increase as compared to historic legal expenses incurred by the Company. Additionally, the Company anticipates a general increase in legal counsel cost going forward due to the increased compliance costs of running a public company and the legal work that may be necessary for implementing the Company s business plan of expansion. 13 Table of Contents In the event of an investor s life crisis, the Board may not buy back shares from the investor. If crisis occurs, such as death of investor spouse or family member, at the request of the investor, Board of Directors may meet to discuss the possibility of buying back shares from investor, but is not required to do so. All of these risks are uncertain, and there may be other risks that we have not identified. We have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should carefully consider all such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our Common Stock. You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. Unless we file a registration statement on Form 8-A, which we have no obligation to file, we will not be a fully reporting company but will only comply with the limited reporting requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act requiring us to file periodic reports (i.e., annual, quarterly and material events) with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying. We would not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders, and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Previously, a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and 10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. However, the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2,000 persons or 500 persons who are not accredited investors, excluding securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. This means that unless we file a Form 8-A, access to information regarding our business and operations will likely be limited. As a result of the effectiveness of our registration statement last filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021 (declared effective by the SEC on November 2, 2021), we are subject to the limited reporting requirements of the Exchange Act identified above (i.e., annual, quarterly and material events). Except during the fiscal year that our registration statement became effective (the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022), even these limited reporting obligations would be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8-A (which we have no obligation to file). We would then no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more limited. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We do not own any real estate or other properties. Our corporate headquarters are located at 5450 W Sahara Avenue, Suite 300A, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89146. The Company manages all operations from within approximately 500 square feet of leased space located at this address. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. On November 24, 2020, Lee Skoblow (the Plaintiff filed a complaint in the State District Court for Clark County, Nevada, naming Cytta as a Defendant. The Plaintiff contends that the Company had breached an agreement. On or about January 15, 2021, the Defendant filed an Answer and Counterclaim in the litigation and also contended that in fact the Plaintiff owed money to Cytta having breached an earlier services agreement, of limited scope and duration, and was liable for defaming Cytta in various communications he had sent to certain persons or entities. Management has been contesting the matter vigorously. A bench trial was held in June 2022, and the court has not yet made a ruling. Other than the above, we know of no legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject, which are pending, threatened or contemplated or any unsatisfied judgments against the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . Not applicable. 14 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The Company s common stock currently trades on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol CYCA . The closing price of our common stock on January 4, 2023, was 0.084. The Company s transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation. It is located at 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas, 75093. Its phone number is (469) 633-0101. Its website is www.stctransfer.com. Holders As of September 30, 2022, the Company had 379,760,670 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 249 holders of record. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On October 21, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1423 per share. On October 21, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.116 per share. On October 21, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.116 per share. On October 21, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1028 per share. On November 3, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.12 per share. On November 3, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.16 per share. On November 3, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to a consultant, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1502 per share. 15 Table of Contents On November 3, 2021, the Company issued 909,091 shares of restricted common stock in payment of an account payable for services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.33 per share. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 59,270,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of the 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock. The table below summarizes the Series F Preferred shares sold, and the conversion of the 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock to 59,270,000 shares of common stock. Series F Preferred Stock Converted to Common Stock Date Sold Investor Shares purchased Price per share Proceeds received Date issued Shares Issued 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,400,000 0.05 70,000 12/31/2021 1,400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 600,000 0.05 30,000 12/31/2021 600,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 2,000,000 0.05 100,000 12/31/2021 2,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 2,000,000 0.05 100,000 12/31/2021 2,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 2,000,000 0.05 100,000 12/31/2021 2,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 4,000,000 0.05 200,000 12/31/2021 4,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 2,000,000 0.05 100,000 12/31/2021 2,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 800,000 0.05 40,000 12/31/2021 800,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,120,000 0.05 56,000 12/31/2021 1,120,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 800,000 0.05 40,000 12/31/2021 800,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 800,000 0.05 40,000 12/31/2021 800,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 5,000,000 0.05 250,000 12/31/2021 5,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 600,000 0.05 30,000 12/31/2021 600,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 600,000 0.05 30,000 12/31/2021 600,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 450,000 0.05 22,500 12/31/2021 450,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 800,000 0.05 40,000 12/31/2021 800,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 1,000,000 0.05 50,000 12/31/2021 1,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 800,000 0.05 40,000 12/31/2021 800,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 10,000,000 0.05 500,000 12/31/2021 10,000,000 11/24/2021 Existing Company Investor 3,000,000 0.05 150,000 12/31/2021 3,000,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 500,000 0.05 25,000 12/31/2021 500,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 11/24/2021 Third party investor 400,000 0.05 20,000 12/31/2021 400,000 16 Table of Contents On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 450,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 450,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,250,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,250,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 200,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 200,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 100,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion 100,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 100,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 200,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. 17 Table of Contents On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 400,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 500,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 100,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 200,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock by a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 150,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to an existing Company investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 200,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock to a third-party investor. On March 22, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to a third-party investor, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1423 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On March 22, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.35 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On April 11, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1423 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On May 18, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1423 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On May 18, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.229 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On July 5, 2022, the Company issued 500,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.139 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On July 5, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1423 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1698 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. 18 Table of Contents On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 325,000 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.154 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 714,286 shares of restricted common stock to an existing Company shareholder, in exchange for consulting services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.14 per share, the market price on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued 155,666 shares of restricted common stock in payment of an account payable for services provided to the Company. The shares were valued at 0.1606 per share. Dividends We have never declared dividends or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and our board of directors does not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans None. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Other Stockholder Matters None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not applicable to smaller reporting companies . ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as well as information relating to the plans of our current management. This report includes forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believes, anticipates, may, will, should, expect, intend, estimate, continue, and similar expressions or the negative thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including the matters set forth in this report or other reports or documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. While our financial statements are presented on the basis that we are a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time, our auditors have raised a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 19 Table of Contents Results of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated: 2022 2021 Revenue 6,089 94,626 COGS - 41,872 Gross Profit 6,089 52,754 Operating Expenses 5,058,255 2,625,302 Operating Loss (5,052,166 (2,572,548 Net Loss (5,100,102 (2,593,537 Revenues of 6,089 for the year ended September 30, 2022, were from deferred revenue on subscription agreements being recognized. Revenues of 94,626 for the year ended September 30, 2021, consist of hardware imbedded with our proprietary software, integration consulting services, tech support and product maintenance billed to the customer. For the year ended September 30, 2021 cost of revenues of 41,872 include the cost of hardware that were part of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2021. Operating expenses were 5,058,255 and 2,625,302 for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively, as shown in the table below: September 30, Description 2022 2021 Increase (decrease) Stock based expenses 2,178,973 1,365,667 813,306 Professional fees 414,633 196,317 218,316 Consulting expenses (excluding stock expenses) 627,657 173,735 453,922 Related party expenses (excluding stock expenses) 1,005,757 492,579 513,178 Depreciation expense 47,616 40,866 6,750 Equipment and demo expenses 305,762 69,035 236,727 General and Administrative officers 59,955 112,385 (52,430 Auto, Travel and Meals and Entertainment 229,343 71,904 157,439 Rent expense 21,496 16,732 4,764 Transfer agent and filing fees 48,445 5,968 42,477 Bad debt expense - 20,040 (20,040 Other operating expenses 118,618 60,074 58,544 Total Operating expenses 5,058,255 2,625,302 2,432,953 The following tables set forth key components of our balance sheet as of September 30, 2022 and 2021. 2022 2021 Current Assets 788,019 1,102,449 Property and Equipment 122,990 170,605 Total Assets 911,009 1,273,054 Current Liabilities 449,217 406,810 Total Liabilities 449,217 406,810 Stockholders Equity 461,792 866,244 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 911,009 1,273,054 20 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2022, we had limited operating capital. Our current capital and our other existing resources will not be sufficient to provide the working capital needed for our current business Additional capital will be required to meet our obligations, and to further expand our business. We may be unable to obtain the additional capital required. Our inability to generate capital or raise additional funds when required will have a negative impact on our business development and financial results. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as well as our recurring losses from operations and the need to raise additional capital to fund operations. This going concern could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt or equity securities. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 27,875,007 and has also generated losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. For the year ended September 30, 2022, we primarily funded our business operations with 2,963,500 of proceeds received pursuant to the sale of 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock at .05 per share. As of September 30, 2022, we had cash of 755,122 as compared to 173,196 at September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2022, we had current assets of 788,019 and current liabilities of 449,217, which resulted in working capital of 338,802. The current liabilities are comprised of accounts payable, accrued expenses, dividends payable and stock to be issued. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged. Because COVID-19 infections have been reported throughout the United States, certain federal, state and local governmental authorities have issued stay-at-home orders, proclamations and/or directives aimed at minimizing the spread of COVID-19. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, and reduced operations. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time but it may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Management expects that its business will be impacted to some degree, but the significance of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s business and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. Operating Activities For the year ended September 30, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 2,381,574 compared to 1,313,536 for the year ended September 30, 2021. For the year ended September 30, 2022, our net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to the net loss of 5,100,102, adjusted by stock-based compensation of 2,178,973 and depreciation of 47,615. Net changes of 491,940 in operating assets and liabilities decreased the cash used in operating activities. For the year ended September 30, 2021, our net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to the net loss of 2,593,537, adjusted by stock-based compensation of 1,365,667 and depreciation of 40,866. Net changes of 126,532 in operating assets and liabilities increased the cash used in operating activities. Investing Activities There was no investment activity for the year ended September 30, 2022. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the net cash used in investing activities was 68,414. The expenditures were for the purchases of office furniture and equipment, including the purchase of and customization of a vehicle. 21 Table of Contents Financing Activities For the year ended September 30, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 2,963,500, compared to 707,500 for the year ended September 30, 2021. during the year ended September 30, 2022, we received 2,963,500 pursuant to the sale of 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock at .05 per share. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we received 682,500 of proceeds received pursuant to the sale of 13,650,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at 0.05 per share and 25,000 from the sale of 1,000,000 shares of common stock at 0.025 per share. Critical Accounting Policies Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 4 of our financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies impact our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and circumstances, it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause an effect on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, and depreciation is provided by use of a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company reviews property and equipment for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of assets may not be recoverable. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment is as follows: Vehicles and equipment 5 years Software 3 years Revenue Recognition Effective January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue from the commercial sales of products by: (1) identify the contract (if any) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract (if any); (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract (if any); and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the performance of service has been rendered to a customer or delivery has occurred; (3) the amount of fee to be paid by a customer is fixed and determinable; and (4) the collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. Other than The Company has no outstanding contracts with any of its customers. The Company recognizes revenue when title, ownership, and risk of loss pass to the customer, all of which occurs upon shipment or delivery of the product and is based on the applicable shipping terms. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for its stock based compensation under the recognition and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004) Share-Based Payment SFAS No. 123R )(ASC 718) using the modified prospective method for transactions in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions and the Financial Accounting Standards Board Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 96-18 Accounting For Equity Instruments That Are Issued To Other Than Employees For Acquiring, Or In Conjunction With Selling Goods Or Services EITF No. 96-18 for share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees provided in SFAS No. 123(R) (ASC 718). All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the third-party performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. 22 Table of Contents Earnings (Loss) Per Share The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period including stock options, using the treasury stock method, and convertible notes and stock warrants, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options, warrants and conversion of convertible notes. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F1-F30 of this annual report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures A review and evaluation were performed by the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that review and evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that as of September 30, 2022, disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at ensuring that the material information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as required in the application of SEC rules and forms. 23 Table of Contents Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a set of processes designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. It should be noted that any system of internal control, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our CEO and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as described in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). As a result of this evaluation, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of September 30, 2022, as described below. We assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: Insufficient Resources: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. Inadequate Segregation of Duties : We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. Lack of Audit Committee: We do not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. We are committed to improving the internal controls and will (1) consider using third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) may consider appointing additional outside directors and audit committee members in the future. We have discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of these material weaknesses, there is a more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the period covered by this report, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. 24 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Identification of directors and executive officers . The names and ages of our directors and executive officers are set forth below. Also included is their principal occupation(s). Our By-Laws provide for up to four directors. All directors are elected annually by the stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Name Age Position Gary Campbell 67 CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director Erik Stephansen 57 President and Director Michael Collins 51 Chief Visionary Officer/CTO Michael Chermak 62 Chief Administrative Officer Gary Campbell, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director Mr. Campbell, age 67, was President, Secretary and Director of Cytta from 2010 to 2013. In 2013, Mr. Campbell became CEO and CFO, as well as Secretary and Director, a status he maintains today. Since joining Cytta, Mr. Campbell has led the development of Cytta s video compression and remote patient monitoring technology. Mr. Campbell has over 30 years experience in leadership roles in the technology industry. Mr. Campbell has degrees in both Commerce and Law from the University of British Columbia, Canada. We believe that Mr. Campbell s legal and business expertise and background experience, along with his direct experience as our CEO, gives him valuable insight into coordinating the oversight of the Company and makes him a valuable member of our Board of Directors. Erik Stephansen, President and Director Mr. Stephansen, age 57, joined Cytta as President and Director in 2013. Mr. Stephansen assists with the development and integration of Cytta technologies. Mr. Stephansen is also currently CEO and President of LAM Aviation, a FAA technology partner developing Angle-of-Attack and Loss of Control prevention wing systems. Previously, Mr. Stephansen worked in Private Equity advising buyers on technology integration. Mr. Stephansen is a Business Economics graduate of University of California, Santa Barbara, with specialized studies from UC Berkeley and advanced engineering Certificates from Stanford University. We believe that Mr. Stephansen s business, economics, and technology industry experience, along with his service as our President and as CEO of LAM Aviation, make him a valuable member of our Board of Directors. Michael Collins, Chief Technology Officer Mr. Collins, age 51, currently leads the Cytta SUPR ISR and IGAN ICS design and implementation team. Mr. Collins, works directly with the technical team responsible for all updates and revisions to the products and the underlying algorithms. Mr. Collins has over 20 years of experience in developing, designing, integrating and operating digital imaging, network and telecommunications technologies. Mr. Collins also has extensive film and imaging experience including working in the entertainment industry in video and digital image production. From March of 2016 through June of 2018, Mr. Collins was Technical Field Supervisor and Business Development Manager for All Mobile Video, LLC, in June of 2018, Mr. Collins joined the Company as Director Digital Media, and in June of 2019, Mr. Collins became the Company s Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Collins also served for many years as an active volunteer fireman, and emergency medical technician (EMT), volunteering as part of the US First Responder network. 25 Table of Contents Michael Chermak, Chief Administrative Officer Mr. Chermak, age 62, has 30 years of experience in leadership roles in the healthcare industry. He has served as the Chief Administrative Officer of Cytta Corp. since April 2020. Previously, he was a director and officer of Ozop Surgical Corp (OTCQB:OZSC) from June 2016 to April 2020. Mr. Chermak worked in China for over 6 years and was the former Chairman and CEO of Bridgetech Holdings International (OTC: BGTH), which focused on introducing Western medicine into China. Mr. Chermak has served on the Board of Directors and as an Audit Committee member of Beijing Origin Seed (NASDAQ: SEED). Mr. Chermak graduated from the University of New Mexico, Anderson School of Management. Family Relationships None. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. Corporate Governance Our Board has not established any committees, including an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating committee, or any committee performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our Board. Because we do not have any independent directors, our Board believes that the establishment of committees of our Board would not provide any benefits to our Company and could be considered more form than substance. Given our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all current members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. As with most small, early- stage companies until such time as our Company further develops our business, achieves a revenue base and has sufficient working capital to purchase directors and officers insurance, we do not have any immediate prospects to attract independent directors. When we are able to expand our Board to include one or more independent directors, we intend to establish an audit committee of our Board of Directors. It is our intention that one or more of these independent directors will also qualify as an audit committee financial expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an audit committee or other committee of our Board. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our officers and which is intended to promote honest and ethical conduct and to deter wrongdoing. Director Independence None of the members of our Board of Directors qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 26 Table of Contents In performing the functions of the audit committee, our board oversees our accounting and financial reporting process. In this function, our board performs several functions. Our board, among other duties, evaluates and assesses the qualifications of the Company s independent auditors; determines whether to retain or terminate the existing independent auditors; meets with the independent auditors and financial management of the Company to review the scope of the proposed audit and audit procedures on an annual basis; reviews and approves the retention of independent auditors for any non-audit services; reviews the independence of the independent auditors; reviews with the independent auditors and with the Company s financial accounting personnel the adequacy and effectiveness of accounting and financial controls and considers recommendations for improvement of such controls; reviews the financial statements to be included in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and discusses with the Company s management and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and the results of our quarterly financial statements. Our board as a whole will consider executive officer compensation, and our entire board participates in the consideration of director compensation. Our board as a whole oversees our compensation policies, plans and programs, reviews and approves corporate performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive officers, if any, and administers our equity incentive and stock option plans, if any. Each of our directors participates in the consideration of director nominees. In addition to nominees recommended by directors, our board will consider nominees recommended by shareholders if submitted in writing to our secretary. Our board believes that any candidate for director, whether recommended by shareholders or by the board, should be considered on the basis of all factors relevant to our needs and the credentials of the candidate at the time the candidate is proposed. Such factors include relevant business and industry experience and demonstrated character and judgment. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act generally requires directors and executive officers, persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, and certain other persons of issuers that have a class of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC, and to furnish the Company with copies of the forms. Since we have not filed a Form 8-A with the SEC, we do not have a class of equity securities registered pursuant Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and we are not required to disclose delinquent Section 16(a) reports in this report. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION SUMMARY TABLE The following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned in or with respect to our fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021: (i) our principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officers who were serving as executive officers at September 30, 2022, and 2021, whose compensation exceed 100,000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at September 30, 2022 and 2021. 27 Table of Contents Name Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Gary Campbell (1) 2022 223,000 100,000 - - - - 323,000 Chief Executive Officer 2021 156,000 - - - - - 156,000 Michael Collins (2) 2022 223,000 150,000 - - - - 373,000 Chief Technology Officer 2021 156,000 - - - - - 156,000 Michael Chermak 2022 165,000 90,000 - - - - 255,000 Chief Administration Officer 2021 120,000 - - - - - 120,000 ____________ (1) For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Campbell of 15,000 per month from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2021; 18,000 for January 2022 and 20,000 per month from February 2022 through September 2022. The Company recorded a bonus of 100,000 to Mr. Campbell during the year ended September 30, 2022. Of the expenses recorded during the year ended September 30, 2022, 130,000 (including the 100,000 bonus) has not been paid and is included in related party payables as September 30, 2022. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Campbell based on 12,000 per month from October 1, 2020, through May 31, 2021, and 15,000 per month beginning June 1, 2021. (2) For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Collins of 15,000 per month from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2021; 18,000 for January 2022 and 20,000 per month from February 2022 through September 2022. The Company recorded a bonus of 150,000 to Mr. Collins during the year ended September 30, 2022. Of the expenses recorded during the year ended September 30, 2022, 50,000 has not been paid and is included in related party payables as September 30, 2022. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Collins based on 12,000 per month from October 1, 2020 through May 31, 2021, and 15,000 per month beginning June 1, 2021. (3) For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Chermak of 10,000 per month from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2021 and 15,000 per month from January 2022 through September 2022. The Company recorded a bonus of 90,000 to Mr. Chermak during the year ended September 30, 2022. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Chermak of 10,000 per month. Employment Agreements The Company has no formal employment agreements with its officers and directors; however, the Company has orally agreed to compensate Mr. Campbell and Mr. Collins 20,000 each per month, effective February 1, 2022. Compensation of Directors Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity during the last three years. 28 Table of Contents Option Grants There were no options to purchase shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2022, and 2021. Outstanding Equity Awards At 2022 Fiscal Year-End There were no outstanding equity awards for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table shows the beneficial ownership of the Company s shares as of December 27, 2022, (unless otherwise noted) by (i) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares, (ii) each director and director nominee of the Company, (iii) each executive officer of the Company named in the Summary Compensation Table (the Named Executive Officers or NEOs ), and (iv) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. The table includes shares that may be acquired within 60 days of January 4, 2023, upon the exercise of stock options by employees or outside directors and shares of restricted stock. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the persons or entities listed below exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the shares that each of them beneficially owns. For the beneficial ownership of the stockholders owning 5 or more of the shares, the Company relied on publicly available filings and representations of the stockholders. Name and Title: Class of Security Amount of beneficial ownership Percent of Class (1) Executive Officers and Directors: Gary Campbell, CEO, CFO and Director Common Stock 62,184,875 (2) 16.19 Series D Preferred Stock 50,000 100.0 Michael Collins, CTO Common Stock 30,100,000 7.84 Eric Stephanson, Director Common Stock 7,770,081 2.03 Michael Chermak, CAO Common Stock 12,500,000 (3) 3.26 All directors and officers as a group Common Stock 112,504,956 (2) 29.32 Series D Preferred Stock 50,000 100.0 _____________ (1) Percentages are based on 383,685,670 shares of the Company s common stock, and 50,000 shares of Series D Preferred stock issued and outstanding as of January 4, 2023. Holder(s) of the Series D Preferred Stock have the right to vote on all shareholder matters equal to two times the sum of all the number of shares of other classes of Corporation capital stock eligible to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders and each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into 1 share of common stock. (2) Includes 9,900,000 shares of common stock in the name of Gary Campbell, 25,100,000 shares of common stock issued in the name of Lando Technologies, Inc. Lando ), 19,800,000 shares of common stock issued in the name of Unified Assets, Inc. Unified ), 5,668,208 shares of common stock issued in the name of TEKM Services, Inc. TEKM ), 166,667 shares of common stock issued in the name of Unified Financial, Inc. Financial ), 1,500,000 shares of common stock issued in the name Cytta Foundation CF and 50,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock that are convertible into 50,000 shares of common stock, issued in the name of Financial. Lando, Unified, TEKM, CF and Financial are all controlled by Gary Campbell. (3) Includes 12,500,000 shares of common stock issued to Makena Investment Advisors, LLC, a limited liability corporation managed by Michael Chermak. 29 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Related Party agreements and fees For the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded expenses to related parties in the following amounts: Years ended September 30, 2022 2021 CEO-Management fees 323,000 156,000 Chief Technology Officer (CTO) 373,000 156,000 Chief Administration Officer (CAO) 391,720 276,252 Office rent and expenses 54,757 60,579 Total 1,142,477 648,831 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Campbell of 15,000 per month from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2021; 18,000 for January 2022 and 20,000 per month from February 2022 through September 2022. The Company recorded a bonus of 100,000 to Mr. Campbell during the year ended September 30, 2022. Of the expenses recorded during the year ended September 30, 2022, 130,000 has not been paid and is included in related party payables as September 30, 2022. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company paid 12,000 per month (through May 31, 2021) to its CEO and CTO, respectively, and 10,000 per month to its CAO). Effective June 1, 2021, the Company agreed to compensate the CEO and CTO 15,000 per month each. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Collins of 15,000 per month from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2021; 18,000 for January 2022 and 20,000 per month from February 2022 through September 2022. The Company recorded a bonus of 150,000 to Mr. Collins during the year ended September 30, 2022. Of the expenses recorded during the year ended September 30, 2022, 50,000 has not been paid and is included in related party payables as September 30, 2022. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred management fees to Mr. Collins based on 12,000 per month from October 1, 2020 through May 31, 2021, and 15,000 per month beginning June 1, 2021. On April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year agreement with Makena Investment Advisors, LLC Makena ). Makena is controlled by Mr. Chermak. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued Makena 12,500,000 shares of common stock and agreed to compensate Makena 10,000 per month beginning in August 2020. The monthly amount was increased to 15,000 beginning January 2022. The Company also paid a 90,000 bonus to Makena during the year ended September 30 2022. The shares were valued at 312,500 based on the market price of the common stock on the date of the agreement. The Company recognized 136,720 and 156,252 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively, for these shares. On October 25, 2020, the Company entered into a sublease with its CTO, whereby the Company agreed to annual lease payment of 50,000. For the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company expensed 4,163 and 45,837, respectively, to rent expense pursuant to this sublease. On June 1, 2021, agreed to pay an additional 3,500 per month to the CTO for additional space and for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, 42,000 and 14,000, respectively, is included in rent expense. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by Prager Metis CPAs LLC, our independent registered public accounting firm, for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021. 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 47,000 30,000 Total Fees 47,000 30,000 (1) Audit Fees are fees paid for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements, reviews of the Company s interim consolidated financial statements and statutory audit requirements at certain non-U.S. locations. 30 Table of Contents Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) 1. Financial Statements The financial statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are listed in the Index to Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 to F-30. 2. Financial Statement Schedules All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements included herein. 3. Exhibits (including those incorporated by reference). Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Cytta Corp. 3.2 Bylaws of the Company 3.3 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Amending Authorized Common and Preferred Stock 3.4 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 3.5 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock 10.1 Agreement by and between Cytta Corp and Makena Investment Advisors, LLC dated April 1, 2020 10.2 Sublease Agreement by and between Cytta Corp and Michael Collins dated October 25, 2020 10.3 Agreement by and between Cytta Corp and Peter Rettman dated August 27, 2020 10.4 Share Issuance agreement by and between Cytta Corp and United Financial Inc., dated September 30, 2020 10.5 Technology Access Agreement by and between Cytta Corp and Michael Collins dated July 19, 2018 14.1 Code of Ethics 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). ____________ Incorporated by reference to the same exhibit to the registration statement filed by the Company on June 28, 2021. Filed herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 31 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Cytta Corp. Date: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Gary Campbell Gary Campbell Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Gary Campbell Gary Campbell Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and Director By: /s/ Erik Stephansen Erik Stephansen Director 32 Table of Contents CYTTA CORP. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting (ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cytta Corp. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Cytta Corp. (the Company) as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as September 30, 2022 and 202, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, As of September 30, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 27,875,007 and has also generated losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters for the current audit period. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 January 11, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents CYTTA CORP BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Vendor deposits Total Current Assets Property and equipment, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Related party liabilities Dividend payable Deferred revenue Stock to be issued Total Current Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock PAR VALUE ; shares authorized) Series C Preferred Stock par value ; shares authorized and issued and outstanding) Series D Preferred Stock par value ; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock par value ; shares authorized and - - (2022) and (2021) issued and outstanding Series F Preferred Stock par value ; shares authorized and - - issued and outstanding Common stock par value ; shares authorized and (2022) and (2021) shares issued and outstanding) Additional paid in capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-3 Table of Contents CYTTA CORP STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross Profit Operating Expenses: General and administration- related party expenses General and administrative- other Total operating expenses Loss from Operations Other expenses Interest expense Interest income Total Other Expenses (Income) Loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-4 Table of Contents Cytta Corp. Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity The Year Ended September 30, 2022 Series C Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock Series E Preferred Stock Series F Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance September 30, 2021 - Common stock issued for services - - - - - - Series F Preferred Stock issued for cash - - - - Common stock issued for accounts payable - - - - Common Stock issued for conversion of Series E Preferred Stock - - - Common Stock issued for conversion of Series F Preferred Stock - - - Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2022 - - - - - Balances September 30, 2022 - - F-5 Table of Contents Cytta Corp. Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity The Year Ended September 30, 2021 Additional Total Series C Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock Series E Preferred Stock Series F Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance September 30, 2020 - - - Common stock issued for cash - - - - - Common Stock issued for stock payable - - - - Common stock issued for services - - - - Common stock issued for accounts payable - - - - Series E Preferred Stock sold for cash - - - - Common stock cancelled - - - - Loss for the year ended September 30, 2021 - - - - - Balance September 30, 2021 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-6 Table of Contents Cytta Corp. Statements of Cash Flows For the Year Ended September 30, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expenses for services Depreciation expense Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Inventory Accounts Receivable Prepaid expenses Vendor deposits Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable-related party Dividend payable Deferred revenue Customer deposits Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from stock subscriptions Net cash provided by financing activities NET CHANGE IN CASH CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AT END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Common stock issued for services Common stock issued for accounts payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-7 Cytta Corp. Notes to Financial Statements September 30, 2022 and has also generated losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) emerged. Because COVID-19 infections have been reported throughout the United States, certain federal, state and local governmental authorities have issued stay-at-home orders, proclamations and/or directives aimed at minimizing the spread of COVID-19. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, and reduced operations. Any resulting financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time but it may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Management expects that its business will be impacted to some degree, but the significance of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the Company s business and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. The Company develops and distributes proprietary technology that radically shifts how video is streamed, consumed, transferred and stored. Our proprietary SUPR Stream is the technology at the core of our products, designed specifically for streaming and storing HD, 4K, and higher resolution video. The IGAN (Incident Global Area Network) Incident Command System (ICS) seamlessly streams and stores all relevant video and audio during emergency situations. This creates real-time situational awareness for police, firefighters, first responders, EMS, and their command centers. Our products work in size, weight, and power-constrained (SWaP) operating environments, and evolved through use in the military by meeting the need to stream multiple HD, 4K, and 4K+ video feeds with ultra-low latency, bandwidth, and power consumption. The Company is taking this streaming, storage, and transfer technology to enterprises that would like to send more high-quality videos with fewer resources. All of our products are manufactured in the USA. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may not be sufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company sold shares of Series F Preferred stock at per share and received proceeds of . Use of Estimates F-8 Table of Contents Prepaid expenses Value of common stock issued Amortization of stock-based compensation Other prepaid expense activity Inventory - and , respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company reclassified of inventory, as it was utilized for demonstration and research and development purposes, which is included in general and administrative expenses. Property and equipment years Software years Fair value of financial instruments F-9 Table of Contents Revenue recognition Stock-based compensation Income taxes Cash flows reporting F-10 Table of Contents Concentrations of Credit Risk Earnings (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Recent Accounting Pronouncements Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense was and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Chief Administration Officer (CAO) Office rent and expenses Total Effective June 1, 2021, the Company increased the monthly fee paid to its CEO and CTO, from to , respectively. On January 1, 2022, the Company increased the monthly fee to for the CEO and CTO, respectively, and on February 1, 2022, the monthly fee for the CEO and CTO was increased to . Of the CEO expenses, is included in accounts payable, related parties on the balance sheet included herein. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company also recorded bonus expenses of , and for the CEO, CTO and CAO, respectively. The CEO s bonus and of the CTO s bonus is included in accounts payable, related party on the balance sheet included herein. Included in the CAO s compensation is the amortization of stock-based compensation expense of and for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively. On October 25, 2020, the Company entered into a sublease with its CTO, whereby the Company agreed to an annual lease payment of . On June 1, 2021, agreed to pay an additional per month to the CTO for additional space. Included in office rent for the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021 is and , respectively. Accounts payable, related parties As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company owes and , respectively to related parties as follows: Bonus, CEO Bonus and accounts payable, CTO Total common shares, par value . Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, there were and , respectively, common shares issued and outstanding. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the following shares of common stock were issued: shares of common stock issued for the conversion of 13,650,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock. 59,270,000 shares of common stock were issued for the conversion of 59,270,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock. shares of common issued for services. The Company valued the shares at , based on the price of the common stock on the date the Company agreed to issue the shares. shares issued for payment of of accounts payable. The amount of shares issued were based upon the share price of the Company s common stock on the date the Company agreed to issue the common stock. F-12 Table of Contents shares authorized as preferred stock, par value (the Preferred Stock ), which such Preferred Stock shall be issuable in such series, and with such designations, rights and preferences as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. Series C Preferred Stock Under the terms of the Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock, shares of the Company s preferred shares are designated as Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into one hundred shares Common Stock and each share of Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to one hundred votes. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, there were shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Series D Preferred Stock On September 30, 2020, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock. Under the terms of the Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock, shares of the Company s preferred shares are designated as Series D Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock. For so long as any shares of the Series D Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters equal to two times the sum of all the number of shares of other classes of Corporation capital stock eligible to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. On September 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock to a Company controlled by the Company s CEO, in satisfaction of of capital stock to be issued. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, there were shares of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Series E Preferred Stock On June 2, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada. Under the terms of the Certificate of Designation (as amended on June 10, 2021) were designated as Series E Preferred Stock. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock. For so long as any shares of the Series E Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote one share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. As of September 30, 2021, there were shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the holders converted the shares of Series E Preferred Stock to shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2022, there were no shares of Series E Preferred stock issued and outstanding. Series F Preferred Stock On November 24, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada. Under the terms of the Certificate of Designation were designated as Series F Preferred Stock. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of fully paid and non-assessable Common Stock at any time by the holder. For so long as any shares of the Series F Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the Holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote one share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. The Series F Preferred Stock automatically converts to common stock after the shares of common stock closing market price is at least 0.20 for twenty (20) consecutive trading days. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company sold shares of Series F Preferred Stock at per share and received proceeds of , and during the year ended September 30, 2022, the holders converted the shares of Series F Preferred Stock to shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2022, there were no shares of Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. F-13 Table of Contents of capital stock to be issued. During the year ended September 30, 2022, shares of common stock was issued, which reduced the capital stock to be issued by . As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company has and of capital stock to be issued, which is included in the liability section of the balance sheets presented herein. per month over the three-month term (the Term of the agreement, the third party will provide investor awareness advisory services (the Services ). In addition, at the end of the Term, based upon the Company s satisfaction with the Services, the Company will issue shares of common stock to the provider s designee. The shares were issued in December 2022. On July 22, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered a Platform Account Contract with a third party. Pursuant to the agreement in exchange for (the fee over the twelve-month term of the agreement, the third party will provide access to their Sequire Platform. The parties have agreed that the fee will be paid in shares of restricted common stock based on the price of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Effective Date of the agreement. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock in settlement of the fee. On July 27, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered a Marketing Services Agreement with a third party. Pursuant to the agreement in exchange for (the fee over the six-month term of the agreement, the third party will provide marketing services to the financial community. The parties have agreed that the fee will be paid in shares of restricted common stock based on the price of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Effective Date of the agreement. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock in settlement of the fee. On August 4, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered a Consulting Agreement with a third party. Pursuant to the agreement in exchange for shares of restricted common stock over the one-year term of the agreement, the third party will provide financial consulting services to the Company. On August 8, 2022, the Company issued shares and agreed to issue three additional tranches of shares in ninety-day increments. On August 9, 2022, the Company signed an Intellectual Property License Agreement (the IPLA with Reticulate Micro, Inc. RM ). Pursuant to the ten-year term (the Term of IPPA, the Company will receive shares of RM s Class A Common Stock and a royalty of of net sales during the Term in exchange for the licensing of the Company s technology related to its SUPR ISR (the Superior Utilization of Processing Resources- Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance). F-14 Table of Contents U.S. federal corporate income tax rate Expected U.S. income tax credit Permanent differences Change of valuation allowance Effective tax expense The Company had deferred tax assets as follows: Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management must determine that there will be sufficient taxable income to allow for the realization of deferred tax assets. Based upon the historical and anticipated future income, management has determined that the deferred tax assets meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for realizability. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the Company has approximately net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company has no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods, and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of September 30, 2021, and 2020. form a customer for a payment of a one- year subscription agreement. . For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recognized of revenue from this agreement. shares of RM s Class A Common Stock and a royalty of of net sales during the Term in exchange for the licensing of the Company s technology related to its SUPR ISR (the Superior Utilization of Processing Resources- Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance). RM, a Nevada corporation, was formed on June 22, 2022. Mr. Collins, the Company s CTO is a founder, Director and President and Treasurer of RM. Mr. Chermak, the Company s COO is a founder, Director and Vice-president and Secretary of RM. Mr. Ansari isa founder and Director of RM. RM has also agreed to issue , and shares of Class B Common Stock to Mr. Collins. Mr. Chermak and Mr. Ansari, respectively. As of September 30, 2022, RM has Class B Common Stock shares outstanding. Each share of the Class B Common Stock has voting rights whereby each share of Class B Common Stock equals voting shares. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2022, the Company s shares of Class A Common Stock represent approximately of the voting stock of RM. Each share of the Class B Common stock is also convertible into one share of Class A Common Stock. The Company accounts for its interest in RM under the cost method of accounting. Due to RM just being formed at the time of the license agreement no value has been assigned to the investment. shares of restricted common stock over the one-year term of the agreement the third party will provide financial consulting services to the Company. On December 5, 2022, the Company issued shares and agreed to issue shares each at the beginning of months seven and eight of the agreement. On December 2, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered a Consulting Agreement with a third party. Pursuant to the agreement in exchange for shares of restricted common stock. On December 5, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock pursuant to an Investor Awareness Advisory Agreement (see Note 7). The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. The Company has determined that there are no other such events that warrant disclosure or recognition in the financial statements. F-15 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cyca_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyca_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Gary Campbell, Chief Executive Officer of CYTTA CORP. (the registrant ), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant for the period ended September 30, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Gary Campbell Gary Campbell Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cyca_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyca_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Gary Campbell, Chief Financial Officer of CYTTA CORP. (the registrant ), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant for the period ended September 30, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Gary Campbell Gary Campbell Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cyca_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cyca_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of CYTTA CORP. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: (1) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: January 11, 2023 By: /s/ Gary Campbell Gary Campbell Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cyca-20220930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cyca-20220930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 cyca-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cyca-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

