<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1459188_0001017386-23-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1674527</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72870</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>381283</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>398851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>322543</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>452277</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-23-000067.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221180649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-23-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001459188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MOTOR VEHICLE SUPPLIES & NEW PARTS [5013]
		IRS NUMBER:				262274999
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56253
		FILM NUMBER:		23649845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 LOUISIANA STREET
		CITY:			VALLEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		707-373-3031

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 LOUISIANA STREET
		CITY:			VALLEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94590

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Silverhill Management Services Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-23-000067.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 fdoc_2022dec31-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 For the fiscal year ended 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 

Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

 Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Shares, par value 0.0001 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 day. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Stock held
by non-affiliates was , based on the price of 0.198 per share of Common Stock on December 31, 2022. Shares of Common
Stock known by the registrant to be beneficially owned as of December 31, 2022, by the registrant's directors and the registrant's executive
officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are not included in the computation. The registrant, however,
has made no determination that such persons are affiliates within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

At February 21, 2023 there were shares
of the registrant's Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

2 

Explanatory Notes 

In this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc is sometimes referred to as the Company , we , our , us 
or registrant and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is sometimes referred to as the SEC . 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Organizational History. 

Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc. Fuel Doctor , We , or the Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware on March 25, 2008
under the name Silver Hill Management Services, Inc. On September 1, 2011, our name was changed to Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc. to more
accurately reflect the nature of our operations. at that time. On or about August 8, 2009, our primary business focus was to offer business
support services to proprietors, entrepreneurs, and small business owners. By offering a full suite of outsourced business processes including
project management, database and information storage, document management services, and finance and accounting services. The Company
discontinued the development of its business support services on August 24, 2011. On or about March 8, 2021, the Company filed a Form
10-12g with the SEC and became once again subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The Company has since been
seeking a merger target and has been evaluating various opportunities. 

Our Business 

The Company is currently
attempting to locate and negotiate with eligible portfolio companies to acquire an interest in them. In addition to acquiring an interest
in them, the Company intends to assist these portfolio companies with raising capital and offer them substantial managerial assistance
needed to succeed. 

 On January 6, 2022, Amitay Weiss, Asaf Itzhaik and
Moshe Revach were appointed to fill existing vacancies on the Company s Board of Directors in accordance with the written consent
of majority of directors dated January 6, 2022. None of the newly appointed Directors had a prior relationship with the Company. In addition,
on January 6, 2022, Amitay Weiss was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and on January 26, 2022, Gadi Levin was appointed
Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

 On January 7, 2022, Deanna Johnson resigned as an
officer and as a director of the Company. 

 On March 11, 2022, Medigus Ltd, an Israeli company
traded on NASDAQ Medigus ), Charging Robotics Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Medigus Charging Robotics and the Company signed a non-binding letter of intent for a planned securities exchange agreement with the Company. The transaction, if
executed, will result in Charging Robotics becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and in exchange, Medigus will receive 80 
of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company. Upon closing, Medigus will appoint nominees as officers and directors of the
Company. As of the closing, the Company shall have net cash in an amount of no less than 1.0 million, excluding the Company s expenses
in connection with the contemplated transaction. 

 Charging Robotics is a pre-revenue start-up Israeli
private company and has set out to change the way electric vehicles are charged. They are developing a robotic platform for charging vehicles
in a wireless and automatic manner. At the heart of the technology is a wireless power transfer module that uses resonance coils to transfer
energy wirelessly from the robot to the vehicle. The robotic platform is small enough to fit under the vehicle, it automatically positions
itself for maximum efficiency charging and returns to its docking station at the end of the charging operation. 

 On January 26, 2023, the Company granted Charging
Robotics a loan in the amount of 75,000 Loan ). The Loan bears interest at 5 per annum and is repayable at any time by
Charging Robotics through to December 31, 2023. 

 From April 1, 2022 and
through to December 31, 2022, the Company received 173,000 from investors to purchase shares of common stock in a proposed private placement
of up to 270,000 at a price of 0.003 per share. On December 29, 2022 the Company issued 57,666,667
 shares in respect of this offering. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Form 10-K filing,
we have no employees. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

3 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company neither rents nor owns any
properties. The Company currently utilizes the office space of a related party in Tel Aviv, Israel at no cost. Given the limited need
of the Company, management believes that the office space is more than suitable and adequate. The Company currently has no policy with
respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged
in real estate activities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings,
nor are we aware of any threatened litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed for quotation
on the OTC Markets under the ticker symbol FDOC, . 

 The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices of our common stock (where the end of the quarter was on a weekend or holiday
and in cases where there was otherwise no trading activity, the high and low prices nearest and prior to the date have been used): 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 
 
 HIGH 

LOW 

March 31, 2021 

0.120 

0.017 

June 30, 2021 

0.139 

0.031 

September 30, 2021 

0.100 

0.046 

December 31, 2021 

0.140 

0.068 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

March 31, 2022 

0.488 

0.130 

June 30, 2022 

0.480 

0.251 

September 30, 2022 

0.370 

0.274 

December 31, 2022 

0.339 

0.198 

(b) Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 128 holders
of record of our common stock, not including holders who hold their shares in street name and as of the same date 2.876.817 shares are
held in street name, largely from the Company s initial registration. 

(c) Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid
any cash dividends. It is the present policy of the Company to retain earnings to finance the growth and development of the business and,
therefore, the Company does not anticipate paying dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not currently have an
equity compensation plan but intends to adopt one in the future. In lieu of an equity compensation plan the Company intends to grant
shares of restricted stock to its officers, directors and others for services periodically and as part of some of the officers 
employment agreements. There are currently no employment agreements between the Company and any officer, director or others. 

4 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes to the financial statements included
in this Form 10-K. 

This Management Discussion and Analysis MD A is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions . 

Background 

We are not currently engaged in any business operations
other than the process of attempting to identify, locate, and if warranted, acquire new commercial opportunities. 

The Company did not generate any revenue in the year
ended December 31, 2022. It is unlikely the Company will have any revenues until it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an
operating company, of which there can be no assurance. The Company s plan of operation is to continue its efforts to locate suitable
acquisition candidates. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth
potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

The Company does not currently engage in any business
activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations for the next 12 months and beyond such
time will be paid with funds to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

During the next 12 months we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

(i) 
 filing of Exchange Act reports, 

(ii) 
 Professional fees (legal, audit and accounting); and 

(iii) 
 
 investigating, analyzing and consummating an acquisition. 

We believe we will be able to meet these costs through
use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. There can be no assurances that such
funds will be advanced to us or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. 

On December 30, 2021, Friction and Heat, LLC, the
majority stockholder of the Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with a total of 16 purchasers (the Purchasers to sell a total of 241,960,000 shares of the Company s common stock to the Purchasers for a total purchase price of 435,000.00.
The shares of the Company s common stock purchased represent 94.2 of the total number of shares issued and outstanding as of the
date hereof and thus, represent a chance of control of the Company. None of the Purchasers acquired more than 36 of the total number
of shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding and therefore, none of the Purchasers control the Company. There
are no arrangements or understandings among members of both the former and any of the Purchasers and their associates with respect to
election of directors or other matters. Each of the Purchasers utilized their own funds to purchase their shares. 

From April 1, 2022 and through to December 31, 2022,
the Company received 173,000 from investors to purchase shares of common stock in a private placement of up to 270,000 at a price of
 0.003 per share. On December 29, 2022 the Company issued 57,666,667 shares in respect of this offering. 

5 

Results of Operations 

Working Capital 
 
 December 31 
 
 December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

Current Assets 

107,064 

Current Liabilities 

55,144 

18,857 

Working Capital (Deficit) 

51,920 

(18,857) 

Cash Flows 
 
 December 31 
 
 December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

Cash Flows (used in) Operating Activities 

(65,936) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

173,000 

Net Increase in Cash During Year 

107,064 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31,
2021 

Revenues 

We have generated
revenues of 0 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Operating and Administrative Expenses 

Operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 102,169 compared with 28,785 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating
expenses were attributable to an increase in legal and other consulting fees incurred in finding eligible portfolio companies to acquire. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 102,223, compared with net loss of 17,537 for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December
31, 2022, the Company s cash balance was 107,064 compared to cash balance of 0 as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company s total assets were 107,064 compared to total assets of 0 as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December
31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of 55,144 compared with total liabilities of 18,857 as of December 31, 2021. The increase
in total liabilities is primarily attributed to an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities from 18,857 as of December 31,
2021 to 52,144 as of December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a working capital of 51,920 compared with working capital deficit of 18,857 at December
31, 2021 with the increase in the working capital is attributed to an increase in cash from 0 as of December 31, 2021 to 107,064 as
of December 31, 2022, off-set by the increase in liabilities of 18,857 as of December 31, 2021 to 55,144 as of December 31, 2022. 

Cashflows
from Operating Activities 

During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 65,936 for operating activities, compared to 0 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase in case used is in line with the increase operating activities of the company. 

Cashflows
from Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the cash provided by financing activities was 173,000, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The amount in 2022 relates
to a private placement that was completed during the year. 

6 

Going Concern 

We have not attained profitable operations
and are dependent upon the continued financial support from our shareholders, the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment
of profitable operations from our future business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern . 

Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our ability to continue as a going concern is also
dependent on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with such company. Management s
plan includes obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or related party advances; however,
there is no assurance of additional funding being available. 

The Company, as of the date of this filing
had approximately 12 thousand in cash and has not earned any revenues from operations to date. Operating expenses were 102,169 and 28,785 in
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, consisting primarily of professional fees, administrative expenses
and filing fees. The ongoing expenses of the Company will be related to seeking out a suitable acquisition as well as mandatory filing
requirements including our reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 upon effectiveness of this registration statement. 

The Company continues to rely on borrowings
and financings. In the next 12 months we expect to incur expenses equal to approximately 100,000 related to legal, accounting, audit,
and other professional service fees. The costs related to the acquisition of a business combination target company vary widely and are
dependent on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location
of the target company, the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether stockholders of the Company prior to the
transaction will retain equity in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s
auditors in the transaction, possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether
funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction. Therefore, we believe such costs are unascertainable until the Company identifies
a business combination target. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to develop additional sources of capital, locate and complete a merger
with another company, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations. 

The Company may consider a business which
has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets, is
seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties
and is in need of additional capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination with the
Company will provide such company greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community, and offer
the opportunity to utilize its stock to make acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will in fact have access to additional capital
or financing as a public company. In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company
which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding,
among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. 

Any target business that is selected may
be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth, including entities without established records
of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable
and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry
characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that it will
likely be able to effect only one business combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present
and prospective stockholders, which is likely to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a
target business in order to achieve a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in
investing in us, because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

7 

The Company anticipates that the selection
of a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. While the Company is in a competitive market with a small number of business
opportunities, through information obtained from industry professionals including attorneys, investment bankers, and other consultants
with experience in the reverse merger industry, our management believes that there are opportunities for a business combination with firms
seeking the perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation
include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity
for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially available
business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of
comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material
to investors. 

Default on Notes 

There are currently no notes in default. 

 Other Contractual Obligations 

As of the years December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, we did not have any contractual obligations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

8 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Fuel Doctor
Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the two years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, based on its projections, the Company
anticipates that during 2023, it will not have sufficient capital. Furthermore, the Company s losses from operations and working
capital deficiency raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 

 Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-1 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 
February 8, 2022 

February 21, 2023 

F-2 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Total current assets 
 107,064 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value , 

shares authorized; shares issued 

Preferred stock, par value 0.0001, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value , 

shares authorized; shares issued 

and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 

Common stock, par value 0.0001, 2,990,000,000 shares authorized;
 314,406,030 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 256,739,363 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these audited financial statements 

F-3 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Financial expenses 

Other income: 

Gain on debt forgiveness 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average common shares 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-4 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common Stock 

Common Stock Shares 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Sale of common stock to investors 

Sale of common stock to investors, shares 

Common stock issued in exchange for debt forgiveness 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

)) 

Sale of common stock to investors 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these audited financial statements 

F-5 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Gain of debt forgiveness 

Changes In: 

Increase in accounts payable and accrual liabilities 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable - related party 

(Decrease) in note payable - related party 

Net cash (used) in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from private placement 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Franchise taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Issuance of shares of common stock 

Issuance of 220,000,000 shares of common stock in exchange
 for debt forgiveness 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements 

F-6 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

as of December 31, 2022 and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. Management plans
to fund operations of the Company through advances from existing shareholders, private placement of securities or the issuance of stock
in lieu of cash for payment of services until such a time as a business combination or other profitable investment may be achieved. There
are no written agreements in place for such funding or issuance of securities and there can be no assurance that such will be available
in the future. Management believes that this plan provides an opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. Management
is currently in discussion with existing and new potential shareholders to seek further financing for the Company. The Company does not
know whether additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 

The effects of Covid -19 could impact
our ability to operate under the going concern and maintain sufficient liquidity to continue operations. The impact of COVID-19 on companies
is evolving rapidly and its future effects are uncertain. There are material uncertainties from Covid-19 that cast significant doubt on
the company s ability to operate under the going concern. It is possible that our company will have issues relating to the current
situation that will need to be considered by management in the future. There will be a wide range of factors to take into account in going
concern judgments and financial projections including travel bans, restrictions, government assistance and potential sources of replacement
financing, financial health of suppliers and customers and their effect on expected profitability and other key financial performance
ratios including information that shows whether there will be sufficient liquidity to continue to meet obligations when they are
due. 

F-8 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

with a par value of and on
March 22, 2022, the Company Amended the Articles of Incorporation and increased the number of authorized shares to with
a par value of of which shares shall be common stock with a par value of and shares shall be
preferred stock with a par value of . 

There were and 
shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

There were no shares of preferred stock
outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Common Stock: 

On July 7, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of common stock with a 0.0001 par value, to Joseph Passalaqua in the name of Friction Heat LLC, in exchange
for related party debt of . 

From April 1, 2022 and through to December
29, 2022, the Company received from investors to purchase shares of common stock in a proposed private placement of up to 
to be issued at a price of per share. On December 29, 2022 the Company issued shares in respect of this offering. 

Preferred Stock 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 there are no preferences assigned to the preferred stock. 

and the Company recorded these amounts as a gain on debt forgiveness in the accompanying financial statements. 

(i) The compensation to key management personnel for employment services they provide
to the Company is as follows: 

30,000 
 4,397 

No director fees paid during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(ii) Balances with related
parties 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Consulting Fees - CFO 

3,000 

On March 8, 2022, a shareholder
advanced the Company a loan in the amount of . The loan bears interest at per annum and is repayable at the request of the shareholder.
The loan was repaid on May 16, 2022. Interest on the loan amounted to . 

 The Company currently operates out of an office of a related
party free of rent. 

F-10 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying
amounts through 2042. 

Future tax benefits which arise as
a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur
and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The provision for Federal income tax
consists of the following: 

Less: change in valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected
rate of 35 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 1,660,000 for Federal income tax reporting purposes
are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future
years. The Company s returns are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Services for all tax years since inception. The Company
has not filed any tax returns to date. 

Loan ). The Loan bears interest at per annum and is repayable at any time by
Charging Robotics through December 31, 2023. 

F-12 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

On February 8, 2022, we engaged Liebman Goldberg 
Hymowitz, LLP LGH as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to replace Zia Masood Kiani ZMK who resigned as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable
level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of our fourth fiscal
quarter covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. It should be noted that the design of any system of
controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's
principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

9 

As of December 31, 2022, management has not completed
an effective assessment of the Company's internal controls over financial reporting based upon the 2013 Committee on Sponsoring Organizations
(COSO) framework. Management has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our internal controls and procedures were
not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP. Management identified the following material weaknesses set forth
below in our internal control over financial reporting. 

1. We lack the necessary
corporate accounting resources to maintain adequate segregation of duties. 

2. We currently have inadequate
resources due to the need to hire accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of U.S. GAAP. 

3. We did not perform an
effective risk assessment or monitor internal controls over financial reporting. 

4. We lack the necessary
corporate resources to conduct adequate review of related party transactions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls over
financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which were identified in connection with management's evaluation
required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company's registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our
executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Amitay Weiss 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Gadi Levin 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Asaf Itzhaik 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

Moshe Revach 
 
 83 
 
 Director 

10 

The following describes the business experience of
each of our directors and executive officers, including other directorships held in public reporting companies, if any: 

Mr. Weiss was founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Amitay Weiss Management Ltd. Prior to forming his company, he held several positions at Bank Poalei Agudat Israel Ltd., most recently
as Vice President of Business Marketing Development. He currently chairs and serves as director on the boards of several public
companies. Mr. Weiss earned his B.A. in Economics from New England College, and his M.B.A. and LL.B from Ono Academic College in Israel. 

Mr. Levin, serves as a director and CFO of various
publicly listed companies in the US and Canada. He has over 15 years of experience working with public US, Canadian and multi-jurisdictional
public companies. Previously, Mr. Levin also served as the Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for two Israeli investment
firms specializing in private equity, hedge funds and real estate. Mr. Levin began his CPA career at the accounting firm Arthur Andersen,
where he worked for nine years, specializing in U.S. listed companies involved in IPOs. Mr. Levin has a Bachelor of Commerce degree in
Accounting and Information Systems from the University of the Cape Town, South Africa in 1993, and a post graduate diploma in Accounting
from the University of South Africa in 1995. He received his Chartered Accountant designation in South Africa in 1998 and has an MBA from
Bar Ilan University in Israel, which he received in 2006. 

Mr. Itzhaik is the founder of Assi Glasses, an optical
brand and has served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for more than 20 years. Mr. Itzhaik is a licensed Optician. 

Mr. Revach is currently Deputy Mayor of the city of
Ramat Gan, Israel, and has held the sports and government relations portfolios in the Ramat Gan municipality,and has served in various
positions with the municipality since 2008. Mr. Revach serves as a director of L.L.N IT solutions, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Jewish
Agency for Israel and of Biomedico Hadarim Ltd., and has served as a director of the RPG Economic Society and Jewish Experience Company
on behalf of the Jewish Agency. Mr. Revach holds an LL.B from the Ono Academic College, Israel, and a B.A. in Management and Economics
from the University of Derby. 

Term of Office 

All of our directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors
and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of the Company's directors
and officers. 

Board Composition and Committees 

We do not have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of these
committee sand each financial transaction is approved by our officers or board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors intends to adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The code will address, among other things, honesty and
ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal
securities laws, confidentiality, trading on inside information, and reporting of violations of the code. 

11 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors, executive officers or control persons has been involved
in any of the events prescribed by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K during the past ten years, including: 

1. 
 any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. 
 acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. 
 engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 
 engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. 
 being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

12 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers
and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of our shares of common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes
in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent (10 stockholders are required by regulations promulgated
by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. With reference to transactions during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, to our knowledge, all Section 16(a) forms required to be filed with the SEC have not yet been filed. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table presents the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each of our named executive officers for the years December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock Awards ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

All Other Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Amitay Wiess 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Gadi Levin, CA, MBA 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

30,000 

30,000 

Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table presents the total compensation
for each person who served as a non-employee member of our Board and received compensation for such service during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, make any equity
awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members of our Board in 2022. 

Name 

Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash 
 ) 

Stock Awards ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Asaf Itzhaik 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Moshe Revach 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Employment Agreements 

The Company does not have employment agreements
with any of its officers or directors and there are no employees. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

As of the date of this report, there were no potential payments or benefits payable to our executive officers, upon their termination
or in connection with a change in control. 

Pension Benefits 

No executive officers received or held pension benefits during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

No nonqualified deferred compensation was offered or issued to any executive officer during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2022 for services to the Company. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, we have not granted any plan-based awards to our executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

No unexercised options or warrants were held by any of our named executive officers as of December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2022. No
equity awards were made during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

13 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, our executive officers have neither been granted any options, nor did
any unvested stock or options granted to executive officers vest. As of the date of this report, our executive officers do not have
any stock options or unvested shares of stock of the Company. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

We do not have an equity incentive plan. When we adopt an equity incentive plan, the purposes of the proposed equity incentive plan are
to attract and retain qualified persons upon whom our sustained progress, growth and profitability depend, to motivate these persons to
achieve long-term company goals and to more closely align these persons' interests with those of our other shareholders by providing them
with a proprietary interest in our growth and performance. Our executive officers will be eligible to participate in the plan. We
have not determined the number of shares of our common stock to be reserved for issuance under the proposed equity incentive plan. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, we did not have a standing compensation committee. Our Board of Directors
was responsible for the functions that would otherwise be handled by the compensation committee. All directors participated in deliberations
concerning executive officer compensation, including directors who were also executive officers. 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to beneficial ownership of our common stock on December 31, 2022 based on 314,406,030 outstanding shares of common stock,
by: 

each person or group known to us to
beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock; 

 each of our directors and director nominees; 

 each of our named executive officers;
and 

 all of our executive officers and directors
as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge,
all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of common stock, except to the extent authority
is shared by spouses under applicable law. 

Unless otherwise indicated below, each entity or person
listed below maintains an address of c/o the Company at: 20 Raul Wallenberg Street, Tel Aviv, Israel. 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31,
2022, the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent 

Medigus Ltd 
 
 90,000,000 
 28.63 

Amitay Weiss 
 
 - 
 - 

Moshe Revach 
 
 - 
 - 

Gadi Levin 
 
 3,333,333 
 1.06 
 
 Asaf Itzhaik 
 - 
 - 

The number of shares beneficially owned by each shareholder
is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other
purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting or
investment power and any shares as to which the individual or entity has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after
December 31, 2022, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. 

14 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

There are no other transactions involving the Company
and any of its officers, directors, majority shareholders or other related persons or control persons that require disclosure pursuant
to Item 404(d) of Regulation S-K 229.404(d)). We do not have an established policy regarding related transactions. 

Director Independence 

We do not have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, the board of directors performs the functions of these
committees. We do not believe it is necessary for the board of directors to appoint such committees, because the volume of matters that
come before the board of directors for consideration is not so substantial that our directors are usually allowed sufficient time and
attention to such matters. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Copies of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, without exhibits, can be obtained without charge from us at Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc., 20 Raul Wallenberg Street,
Tel Aviv, Israel, or by telephone at (647) 558 5564. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table sets
forth fees billed to us for principal accountant fees and services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees 
 29,500 
 20,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Audit and Audit-Related Fees 
 29,500 
 20,000 

Audit Fees: Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services performed by Liebman Goldberg Hymowitz, LLP for the audit of our annual financial
statements, the review of interim financial statements, and related services that are normally provided in connection with registration
statements. There were 29,500 and 20,000 of such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees: Audit
related fees may consist of fees billed by an independent registered public accounting firm for assurance and related services that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. There were no such fees incurred by the Company
in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees: Tax
fees may consist of fees for professional services, including tax compliance performed by Liebman Goldberg Hymowitz, LLP. There
were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees: There
were no such fees incurred by the Company in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits. 

Please see Exhibit List set forth below. 

15 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
on the 21 st day of February 2023. 

FUEL DOCTOR HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Amitay Weiss 

Amitay Weiss 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ Amitay Weiss 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 21, 2023 

/s/ Asaf Itzhaik 
 
 Director 
 
 February 21, 2023 

/s/ Moshe Revach 
 
 Director 
 
 February 21, 2023 

Fuel Doctor Holdings, Inc. 

 Index to Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment of Articles-Changing Name 
 
 3.3 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws, as currently 

4.1 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Dcoument 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

Included as an Exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed ______ 

Filed herewith 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Amitai Weiss, Chief Executive Officer, of Fuel
Doctor Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and
for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this annual report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on the Company's most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of Company's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Amitay Weiss 

Amitay Weiss 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Gadi Levin, Principal Accounting Officer of Fuel
Doctor Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and
for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The Company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this annual report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this annual report any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on the Company's most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of Company's board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 21, 2023 

By: /s/ Gadi Levin 

 Gadi Levin 

 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

I, Amitai Weiss, Chief Executive Officer of Fuel Doctor
Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
to my knowledge that: 

1. the Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 21, 2023 

By: /s/ Amitai Weiss 

 Amitai Weiss 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit_32-2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

I, Gadi Levin, Principal Accounting Officer of Fuel
Doctor Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
to my knowledge that: 

1. the Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 21, 2023 

By: /s/ Gadi Levin 

 Gadi Levin 

 Principal Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or
other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version
of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fdoc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fdoc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fdoc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fdoc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

