<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1198415_0001683168-23-001882.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5112460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160923</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>659755</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2030877</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>909324</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1136055</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001882.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329125622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001882
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001198415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				841496732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53348
		FILM NUMBER:		23773880

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 PROSPECT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-459-7040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 PROSPECT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WINTON FUTURES FUND LP (US)
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001882.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 awin_i10k-123122.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
 organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark if the disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

Not Applicable. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 25 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 26 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 27 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 

Signatures 
 30 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1: BUSINESS 

(a) 
 General Development of Business 

Altegris Winton Futures Fund,
L.P. (the Partnership is a limited partnership organized under the Colorado Uniform Limited Partnership Act in March 1999.
The Partnership s business is the speculative trading and investment in international futures, options and forward markets Commodity
Interests ). The Partnership commenced its trading and investment operations in November 1999. 

On December 31, 2014, pursuant
to an internal reorganization of Altegris Portfolio Management, Inc., then the general partner of the Partnership, and certain affiliated
entities, Altegris Portfolio Management, Inc. APM merged with and into its affiliate, Altegris Advisors, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company (the Transaction ). By operation of law and pursuant to Paragraph 12 of the Partnership s
Second Amended Agreement of Limited Partnership, effective as of April 14, 2011, as amended, Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. then became, and
was admitted as, the general partner of the Partnership (the General Partner ). 

The General Partner has sole
responsibility for management and administration of all aspects of the Partnership s business. Investors purchasing limited partnership
interests (the Interests in the Partnership Limited Partners and together with the General Partner, Partners have no rights to participate in the management of the Partnership. 

The General Partner is registered
with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator CPO and is a member of
National Futures Association NFA ). Winton Capital Management Limited, a United Kingdom Company, acts as the Partnership s
trading advisor Advisor ). The Advisor is registered with the CFTC as a Commodity Trading Advisor and is authorized and
regulated by the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority . 

Effective September 27, 2021,
as part of an internal reorganization, the General Partner became wholly-owned by its affiliate Altegris Services, L.L.C. Services which in turn became wholly-owned by Better Outcome, LLC Better Outcome ), a newly formed affiliated entity owned and controlled
by Continuum Capital Managers LLC Continuum and AV5 Acquisition, LLC AV5 ). Continuum is owned by Douglas
C. Grip and Stephen E. Vanourny. AV5 is owned solely by Matthew Osborne, the General Partner s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Investment Officer. This internal reorganization resulted in no change in actual direct or indirect control and ultimate ownership of
the General Partner, and had no impact on the Partnership s financial position or results of operations. 

AlphaMax Distributors, L.L.C. AlphaMax ), an affiliate of the General Partner (previously known as Altegris Investments, L.L.C and as Altegris Distributors
LLC), serves as a selling agent of the Interests and acted as the Partnership s introducing broker until January 1, 2011, when Altegris
Futures L.L.C. Altegris Futures replaced AlphaMax as the Partnership s introducing broker. On December 31, 2014,
Altegris Futures merged with and into its affiliate, Altegris Clearing Solutions, L.L.C. Altegris Clearing Solutions, L.L.C. is registered
with the CFTC as an Introducing Broker Clearing Solutions or the Introducing Broker ). 

The Partnership s term
will end upon the first to occur of the following: December 31, 2035; receipt by the General Partner of an election to dissolve the Partnership
at a specified time by Limited Partners owning more than 50 of the Interests then outstanding, notice of which is sent by registered
mail to the General Partner not less than ninety (90) days prior to the effective date of such dissolution; withdrawal (including withdrawal
after suspension of trading), admitted or court decreed insolvency or dissolution of the General Partner; termination of the Partnership
pursuant to the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement; or any event that makes it unlawful for the existence of the Partnership to
be continued or requiring termination of the Partnership. 

The Partnership is not required
to be, and is not, registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 

As of January 31, 2023, the
aggregate net asset value of the Interests in the Partnership before redemptions was 17,252,475 . The Partnership operates on a calendar
fiscal year and has no subsidiaries. 

The Partnership offers three
 classes of Interests: Class A, Class B and Institutional Interests (each, a Class of Interest ). The Classes
of Interests differ from each other only in the fees that they pay and the applicable investment minimums. The Partnership also issues
Special Class Interests, pursuant to the Limited Partnership Agreement, but Special Class Interests are not generally offered. 

1 

(b) 
 Financial Information About Segments 

The Partnership s business
constitutes only one segment for financial reporting purposes i.e. , a speculative commodity pool. The Partnership
does not engage in sales of goods or services. Financial information regarding the Partnership s business is set forth in the Partnership s
financial statements, included herewith. 

(c) 
 Narrative Description of Business 

The Partnership is designed
to produce long-term capital appreciation through growth, and not current income. The General Partner has selected the Advisor to trade
one of the Advisor s proprietary trading models, the Winton Futures SMA Program (the Program ), on behalf of the Partnership.
The Advisor currently has the authority to trade the Program on behalf of the Partnership in all the easily accessible and liquid commodity
interests (comprising international futures, options and forward markets) that it practically can, which currently consists mainly of
commodity interests that are futures, options and forward contracts and certain OTC products, such as swaps in the following areas: stock
indices, bonds, short term interest rates, currencies, precious and base metals, grains, livestock, energy and agricultural products. 

The Advisor s investment
technique in trading the Program consists of trading a broadly diversified portfolio of highly liquid financial instruments across numerous
futures markets, and may also include certain OTC instruments and government securities, employing a computerized, technical, principally
trend-following trading system. This system tracks the daily price movements and other data from these markets around the world, and carries
out certain computations to determine each day how long or short the portfolio should be to maximize profit within a certain range of
risk. If rising prices are anticipated, a long position will be established; a short position will be established if prices are expected
to fall. 

The trading methods applied
by the Advisor to trade the Program on behalf of the Partnership are proprietary, complex and confidential. As a result, the following
explanation is of necessity general in nature and not intended to be exhaustive. The Advisor plans to continue the research and development
of its trading methodology and, therefore, retains the right to revise any methods or strategy, including the technical trading factors
used, the commodity interests traded and/or the money management principles applied. 

The Program traded by the
Advisor pursues a technical trend-following system. Technical analysis refers to analysis based on data intrinsic to a market, such as
price and volume. This is to be contrasted with fundamental analysis which relies on factors external to a market, such as supply and
demand. The Program uses no fundamental factors. 

A trend-following system is
one that attempts to take advantage of the observable tendency of the markets to trend (that is, to move from one price point to another,
either higher or lower over a period of time), and to tend to make exaggerated movements in both upward and downward directions as a result
of such trends. These exaggerated movements are largely explained as a result of the influence of crowd psychology or the herd instinct,
amongst market participants. 

The Advisor developed the
Program by relating the probability of the size and direction of future price movements with certain indicators derived from past price
movements which characterize the degree of trending of each market at any time. 

The Program follows a primarily
non-discretionary system. This means that trading signals are automatically generated by its models and, except in extreme situations,
are followed to the letter. The Advisor has found that the absence of discretion promotes greater consistency in performance and lessens
the opportunity for less reliable anecdotal evidence and personal judgment to influence decision-making. In unusual market situations,
the Advisor reserves the right to deviate from its automatic system. 

The Advisor will select the
type of order to be used in executing each trade on behalf of the Partnership and may use any type of order permitted by the exchange
on which the order is placed. The Advisor may place individual orders for each account it trades, or a block order for all accounts it
trades, in which the same commodity interest is being cleared through the same clearing broker. In the latter instance, the Advisor will
allocate trades to individual accounts using a proprietary algorithm. The aim of this algorithm is to achieve an average price for transactions
as close as mathematically possible for each account. This takes the form of an optimization process where the objective is to minimize
the variation in the average traded price for each account. On occasion, it may direct the clearing broker for the accounts to employ
a neutral order allocation system to assign trades. Partial fills will be allocated in proportion to account size. 

2 

The trading strategy and account
management principles of the Program described above are factors upon which the Advisor will base its trading decisions. Such principles
may be revised from time to time by the Advisor as it deems advisable or necessary. Accordingly, no assurance is given that all of these
factors will be considered with respect to every trade or recommendation made on behalf of the Partnership or that consideration of any
of these factors in a particular situation will lessen the risk of loss or increase the potential for profits. 

It is expected that between
5 and 50 of the Partnership s assets generally will be held as initial margin or option premiums (in cash or United States U.S. Treasury Department Treasury securities) in the Partnership s brokerage accounts at its clearing broker, SG Americas
Securities, LLC SGAS ), a futures commission merchant FCM ), and available for trading by the Advisor in Commodity
Interests on behalf of the Partnership, or at Societe General SA (an affiliate of SGAS) which may from time to time execute spot or other
over-the-counter foreign exchange transactions as a counterparty to the Partnership. Interest on Partnership assets held at SGAS or an
affiliate in cash or Treasury securities will be credited to the Partnership as described under Charges. Depending on market
factors, the amount of margin or option premiums held at SGAS could change significantly, and all of the Partnership s assets are
available for use as margin. The Partnership may also retain other brokers and/or dealers from time to time to clear or execute a portion
of Partnership trades made by the Advisor. 

With respect to Partnership
assets not held at SGAS as described above, such proceeds were deposited with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from January through early December
2021. Effective December 13, 2021, such proceeds were deposited with U.S. Bank N.A. which at that time began serving as the Partnership s
custodian (the Custodian ). Such proceeds are held in cash or U.S. Treasury securities or held in other bank cash accounts
(and used to pay Partnership operating expenses). The Partnership s custody agreement allows the Custodian to use sub-advisers to
attempt to increase yield enhancement, and if so utilized, the Custodian and/or sub-adviser(s) will receive fees for cash management services.
The General Partner may direct that a portion of Partnership assets be deposited with other custodians and retain other sub-advisers for
the purpose of attempting to increase yield enhancement via other cash management arrangements. 

The percentage of the Partnership s
assets deposited with these firms is also subject to change in the General Partner s sole discretion. The Partnership s assets
will not be commingled with the assets of any other person. Depositing the Partnership s assets with banks or SGAS, or other clearing
brokers, as segregated funds is not commingling for these purposes. 

The Partnership pays all of
its ongoing liabilities, expenses and costs. The General Partner receives a management fee of 0.104 of the month-end net asset value,
before deduction for any accrued incentive fees related to the current quarter (the management fee net asset value ), of
all Class A Interests (1.25 per annum), 0.104 of the month-end management fee net asset value of all Class B Interests (1.25 per annum)
and 0.0625 of the month-end management fee net asset value of all Institutional Interests (0.75 per annum), 0.0625 (0.75 of all Original
Class A Interests, 0.146 (1.75 of all Original Class B Interests, and currently 0.0417 to 0.0625 (0.50 to 0.75 annually) of all
Special Class Interests of the Partnership s management fee net asset value. The Advisor receives a management fee of 0.083 of
the management fee net asset value of the month-end capital account balances of all Interests (1.0 per annum) and 20 of quarterly trading
profits applicable to each Class of Interest. 

Each selling agent selling
Class A Interests receives 0.166 of the month-end net asset value of the Partnership apportioned to each Class A Interest sold by such
selling agent (2 per annum) and may elect to receive 0.0417 of the month-end net asset value apportioned to any Institutional Interest
sold by such selling agent (0.50 per annum). 

SGAS paid, during 2022, to
the Introducing Broker a portion of the brokerage commissions and transaction fees received from the Partnership as well as a portion
of the interest income received on the Partnership s assets. Monthly brokerage charges equal to the greater of (A) actual commissions
of 9.75 per round-turn (higher for certain exchanges or commodities) multiplied by number of round-turn trades, which amount includes
other transaction costs; or (B) an amount equal to 0.125 of the management fee net asset value of all Interest holders month-end
capital account balances (1.50 annually). A round-turn is both the purchase, or sale, of a commodity interest contract and the subsequent
offsetting sale, or purchase, of the contract. If actual monthly commissions and transaction costs in (A) above are less than the amount
in (B) above, the Partnership will pay the difference to the Introducing Broker as payment for brokerage-related services. In any month
when the amount in (A) is greater than the amount in (B) above, the Partnership pays only the amount described in (A) above. 

The Partnership generally
pays its operating expenses as they are incurred. A fixed administrative fee is charged to Class A and Class B Interests and paid to the
General Partner equal to 0.0275 of the management fee net asset value of the month-end capital account balance of all such Class A and
Class B Interests (0.333 per annum). 

3 

(d) 
 Regulation 

The CFTC has delegated to
NFA responsibility for the registration of commodity trading advisors, commodity pool operators, futures
commission merchants, introducing brokers, swap dealers, major swap participants and,
in most cases, their respective associated persons, as well as floor brokers and floor traders. The Commodity
Exchange Act requires commodity pool operators such as the General Partner, commodity trading advisors such as the Advisor and commodity
brokers or FCMs such as SGAS and introducing brokers such as the Introducing Broker to be registered and to comply with various reporting
and record keeping requirements. CFTC regulations also require FCMs and certain introducing brokers to maintain a minimum level of net
capital. In addition, the CFTC and certain commodities exchanges have established limits referred to as speculative position limits 
on the maximum net long or net short speculative positions that any person may hold or control in any particular futures or options contracts
traded on U.S. commodities exchanges. Similar position limits may in the future be put in place with respect to swaps that are exchange-
traded or are economically equivalent to exchange-traded swaps or futures contracts. All accounts owned or managed by the Advisor will
be combined for position limit purposes. The Advisor could be required to liquidate positions held for the Partnership in order to comply
with such limits. Any such liquidation could result in substantial costs to the Partnership. In addition, many futures exchanges impose
limits beyond which the price of a futures contract may not trade during the course of a trading day, and there is a potential for a futures
contract to hit its daily price limit for several days in a row, making it impossible for the Advisor to liquidate a position and thereby
experiencing a dramatic loss. Certain deliverable currency forward contracts are subject to limited regulation in the United States, including
reporting and recordkeeping requirements. 

In addition to the registration
requirements described above, the CFTC and certain commodity exchanges have established limits on the maximum net long or net short position
which any person may hold or control in particular commodities. Most exchanges also limit the changes in futures contract prices that
may occur during a single trading day. The CFTC may in the future also implement position limits for certain exempt commodity contracts,
including metals and energy contracts, with respect to futures, options on futures, and economically equivalent swaps. If such position
limits are adopted, they could materially affect the Partnership s trading strategy. 

Deliverable currency forward
contracts are currently subject to only limited regulation in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act (the Reform Act was enacted in July 2010, and gave the CFTC jurisdiction over non-deliverable currency forward contracts.
The Reform Act mandates that a substantial portion of over-the-counter derivatives must be executed in regulated markets and submitted
for clearing to regulated clearinghouses, and the CFTC may impose such a requirement on non- deliverable currency forward contracts. The
mandates imposed by the Reform Act may result in the Partnership bearing higher upfront and mark-to-market margin, less favorable trade
pricing, and the possible imposition of new or increased fees with respect to any swaps entered into by the Partnership. 

The Partnership has no employees. 

Financial Information About Geographic Areas 

The Partnership has no operations
in foreign countries although it trades on foreign exchanges and other non-U.S. markets. The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods
or services. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 

Set forth below are the principal
risks associated with an investment in the Partnership . 

Disruption and Stress in
Global Markets May Affect Partnership Returns 

During 2007-2009, the global
financial markets experienced a period of unprecedented disruption and stress. Markets previously thought to be uncorrelated were shown
to be correlated, credit markets in some cases ceased functioning, many markets experienced record levels of volatility and governments
have intervened in extraordinary and unpredictable ways, at times on an emergency basis, to the detriment of certain market participants.
There can be no assurance that similar market disruptions will not occur in the future or that the Partnership will be profitable in such
market environments or that it will avoid substantial (or total) losses. 

4 

Partnership Performance
is Dependent on General Economic Conditions, which the Advisor has no Ability to Control 

The success of any investment
activity is affected by general economic conditions that affect the level and volatility of prices as well as the liquidity of the markets.
From time to time, the economic viability of an entire strategy may deteriorate, due to general economic events that disrupt the source
of profits that the strategy seeks to exploit. There may be certain general market conditions in which the investment program pursued
by the Advisor is unlikely to be profitable, and the Advisor has no ability to control or predict such market conditions. 

Commodity Interests Trading
Is Speculative and May Affect Partnership Performance 

Commodity Interest prices
are highly volatile. Price movements for futures contracts, for example, which may fluctuate substantially during a short period of time,
are influenced by numerous factors that affect the commodities markets, including, but not limited to: changing supply and demand relationships;
government programs and policies; national and international political and economic events and changes in interest rates. 

Commodity Interests Trading
Is Highly Leveraged and May Affect Partnership Performance 

The low margin deposits normally
required in trading Commodity Interests permit an extremely high degree of leverage. Accordingly, a relatively small price movement in
a Commodity Interest may result in an immediate and substantial loss to the investor. Like other leveraged investments, any Commodity
Interest trade may result in losses in excess of the amount invested. Although the Partnership may lose more than its initial margin on
a trade, the Partnership, and not any Limited Partner personally, will be subject to margin calls. 

Commodity Interests Trading
May Be Illiquid and May Affect Partnership Liquidity 

Most U.S. commodity futures
exchanges impose daily limits regulating the maximum amount above or below the previous day s settlement price within which a futures
contract price may fluctuate during a single day. During a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit.
Once the price of a particular futures contract has increased or decreased to the limit point, it may be difficult, costly or impossible
to liquidate a position. Futures prices in particular contracts have occasionally moved the daily limit for several consecutive days with
little or no trading. If this occurs, the Partnership might be prevented from promptly liquidating unfavorable positions which could result
in substantial losses. Those losses could significantly exceed the margin initially committed to the trades involved. In addition, even
if prices have not moved the daily limit, or if there are no limits for the contracts traded by the Partnership, the Partnership may not
be able to execute trades at favorable prices if little trading in the contracts is taking place. It is also possible that an exchange
or the CFTC may suspend trading in a particular contract, order immediate settlement of a contract or order that trading be to the liquidation
of open positions only. 

Trading Decisions Based
on Technical Analysis May Affect Partnership Performance 

The Advisor uses trading programs
that use technical factors in identifying price moves. The success of technical analysis depends upon the occurrence in
the future of price movements. Technical systems will not be profitable and may in fact produce losses if there are no market moves of
the kind the system seeks to follow. Any factor that would make it more difficult to execute the trades identified, such as a reduction
of liquidity, also would reduce profitability. There is no assurance that the Advisor s trading systems will generate profits under
all or any market conditions. 

The Similarity of Commodity
Trading Systems May Limit Performance of the Partnership 

Commodity trading systems
which use signals like the Advisor s are not new. If many traders follow similar systems, these systems may generate similar buy
and sell orders at the same time. Depending on the liquidity of a market, this could cause difficulty in executing orders. The General
Partner believes that although there has been an increase in the number of trading systems in recent years, there also has been an increase
in the overall trading volume and liquidity in the futures markets. 

Reliance on Key Personnel
Could Adversely Affect the Advisor and the Partnership 

The Advisor has exclusive
responsibility for trading Commodity Interests for the Partnership. The Advisor depends on the services of one or two key persons. If
they cannot or will not provide those services, it could adversely affect the Advisor s ability to trade for the Partnership. If
this occurs, the General Partner may terminate the contract. 

5 

There are No Assurances
of the Advisor s Continued Services to the Partnership 

Either the Advisor or the
Partnership can terminate the advisory contract on written notice. 

Any Changes in Trading
Strategies May Adversely Affect Partnership Performance 

The Advisor can make any changes
in its trading strategies if it believes that they will be in the Partnership s best interests. A change in Commodity Interests
traded is not a change in trading strategy. 

There are Possible Negative
Effects of Speculative Position Limits and Accountability Levels 

The CFTC and U.S. exchanges
have established speculative position limits and accountability levels. Position limits control the number of net long or net short speculative
futures or option (on futures) positions any person may hold or control in futures or option contracts traded on U.S. exchanges. Position
accountability levels are position levels established by an exchange that, if reached by a person, cause such person to be subject to
instructions by such exchange to reduce or not increase such position. Most trading advisors control the commodity trading of other accounts.
All positions and accounts owned or controlled by the Advisor and its principals are combined with the Partnership s positions established
by it for position limit and accountability level purposes. In order to comply with position limits or exchange limitations arising out
of having positions subject to accountability levels, it is possible that the Advisor will have to modify its trading instructions, and
that positions held by the Partnership will have to be liquidated. That could have a negative effect on the Partnership s profitability.
In addition, all commodity accounts of the General Partner and its affiliates may also be combined with the Partnership for position limit
and accountability level purposes. 

An Increase in Amount of
Funds Managed by the Advisor May Affect Partnership Performance 

If the Advisor manages more
money in the future, such additional funds could affect its performance or trading strategies. There is no guarantee that the Partnership s
investment results will be similar to the Advisor s past performance. 

Trading in Options May
Result in Significant Losses for the Partnership 

Part of the Partnership s
trading may be in options and options on futures contracts. Although successful commodity options trading and futures trading require
many of the same skills, the risks involved are somewhat different. For example, if the Partnership buys an option (either to sell or
purchase a contract), it will pay a premium representing the market value of the option. Unless it becomes profitable to
exercise or offset the option before it expires, the Partnership will lose the entire amount of the premium. On the other hand, if the
Partnership sells an option (either to sell or purchase a futures contract), its broker credits the premium, but the Partnership must
deposit margin in case the option is exercised. Traders who sell options are subject to the entire loss that may occur in the underlying
futures position (less any premium received). Commodity options trading on exchanges is regulated by both the CFTC and those exchanges.
The Partnership did not engage in the trading of options and options on futures contracts during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021. 

Changes in the Number of
Available Futures Contracts and Related Options May Reduce Partnership Performance 

U.S. and foreign exchanges
have established new futures and options contracts in the past few years. This trend could continue. The Advisor s trading strategy
might not be successful trading those new contracts. 

Competition for Trades
with Other Clients of the Advisor May Limit Partnership Performance 

The Advisor manages other
accounts. This increases the competition for the same trades which the Partnership makes. The Advisor may manage other accounts that pay
fees that are different than those the Partnership pays. Therefore, it has a potential conflict of interest. There is no assurance that
the Partnership s trading will generate the same results as any other accounts the Advisor manages. 

6 

Failure of Clearing Brokers,
Counterparties, Banks, Custodians and other Financial Firms May Subject the Partnership to Significant Losses 

Commodity brokers must maintain
the Partnership s assets (other than assets used to trade foreign futures or options on foreign markets) in a segregated account.
If SGAS goes bankrupt, the Partnership could lose money as it may only be able to recover a pro rata share of the property available for
distribution to all of SGAS s customers. In addition, even if SGAS adequately segregates the Partnership s assets, the Partnership
may still be subject to risk of loss of funds on deposit with SGAS should another customer of SGAS fail to satisfy deficiencies in such
other customer s account. 

Other institutions will have
custody of the assets of the Partnership, including the Custodian and various other banks or financial institutions whose services are
utilized by the Partnership. Such institutions may encounter financial difficulties that impair the Partnership s operating capabilities
or capital position. The General Partner will attempt to limit the Partnership s deposits and transactions to only well-capitalized
institutions in an effort to mitigate such risks, but there can be no assurance that even a well-capitalized, major institution will not
become bankrupt or otherwise fail. 

Past Results of the Partnership
Are Not Necessarily Indicative of Future Performance 

Although some of the Advisor s
client accounts have been profitable in the past, prospective Limited Partners should take seriously the required CFTC and the NFA warning
that past results are not necessarily indicative of future performance, and an investment in the Partnership is speculative and involves
a substantial risk of loss. 

FOREIGN INSTRUMENTS 

Trading on Foreign Exchanges
and Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations May Reduce Partnership Performance 

The Partnership trades on
foreign exchanges and other non-U.S. markets. Neither existing CFTC regulations nor regulations of any other U.S. governmental agency
apply to transactions on foreign markets. The Partnership is at risk for fluctuations in the exchange rate between the currencies in which
it trades and U.S. dollars. It also is possible that exchange controls could be imposed in the future. There is no restriction on how
much of the Partnership s trading might be on foreign markets. Although trading on behalf of the Partnership may occur on foreign
exchanges or in non-U.S. markets, assets of the Partnership will not be held in custody outside of the U.S. 

Forward and Cash Trading
May Increase Volatility and Reduce Partnership Performance 

The Partnership may trade
in spot and forward contracts on currencies. For this purpose, the Partnership will contract with or through SGAS to make or take future
delivery of a particular currency. SGAS or its affiliates may extend the Partnership a credit line to enable it to engage in such trading.
The Partnership may also trade options on currencies. Although the currency market is not believed to be necessarily more volatile than
the market in other commodities, there is less protection against defaults in the forward trading of currencies because such contracts
are not effected on or through an exchange or clearinghouse. Trading in forward currencies and over-the-counter derivatives, including
swaps and options, among sophisticated market participants is not generally regulated by any regulatory body. Therefore, with respect
to this trading, the Partnership is not afforded the protections provided by trading on regulated exchanges, including segregation of
funds. In any principal contract, the Partnership must rely on the creditworthiness of its counterparty. 

The trading of over-the-counter
instruments subjects the Partnership to a variety of risks including: 1) counterparty risk; 2) basis risk; 3) interest rate risk; 4) settlement
risk; 5) legal risk; and 6) operational risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that the Partnership s counterparties might default
on their obligation to pay or perform generally on their obligations. The over-the-counter markets and some foreign markets are principals 
markets. That means that performance of the contract is the responsibility only of the individual firm or member on the other side
of the trade and not any exchange or clearing corporation. Such counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer
maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the Partnership has concentrated its transactions with a single
or small group of counterparties. Basis risk is the risk attributable to the movements in the spread between the derivative contract price
and the future price of the underlying instrument. Interest rate risk is the general risk associated with movements in interest rates.
Settlement risk is the risk that a settlement in a transfer system does not take place as expected. Legal risk is the risk that a transaction
proves unenforceable in law or because it has been inadequately documented. Operational risk is the risk of unexpected losses arising
from deficiencies in a firm s management information, support and control systems and procedures. Transactions in over-the-counter
derivatives may involve other risks as well, as there is no exchange market on which to close out an open position. It may be impossible
to liquidate an existing position, to assess the value of a position or to assess the exposure to risk. 

7 

Exchange for Physicals
May Increase Counter-Party Credit Risk for the Partnership 

The Advisor may exchange a
cash, forward or spot market position outside of regular trading hours for a comparable futures position. Such transactions are subject
to counterparty creditworthiness risk. The CFTC has permitted the futures exchanges to expand the types of over-the-counter positions
that can be part of an exchange for physicals position. 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ISSUES 

Substantial Charges to
Partnership May Limit Returns to Limited Partners 

The Partnership pays substantial
fees and charges. As a result, the Partnership must make substantial profits for the Interests to increase in value. 

Potential Cross Liability
May Increase Exposure to Risks for the Partnership 

The Partnership offers Class
A, Class B and Institutional Interests. The only difference between the Interests is the investment minimum and fees. Capital contributions
by a single subscriber for a Class of Interest upon acceptance of the subscriber as a Limited Partner will represent a single Interest
in the Partnership for that subscriber s respective Class of Interest. An Interest in any Class reflects a Partner s percentage
of the Partnership s net assets with respect to the Class of Interest owned by the Partner. Interests are not issued in certificate
form. Although separate Classes of Interests are offered, the proceeds from the sale of Interests will be pooled by the Partnership and
traded as a single account. Although the Classes of Interests differ with respect to investment minimum and fees, all Partnership Interests
are equally subject (in proportion to the size of their respective Interest) to the Partnership s debts, liabilities and obligations
as set out in the Partnership Agreement regardless of Class designation. Class designation does not offer protection against the
general creditors of the Partnership or any other Class of Interest. 

There Is No Intrinsic Value
to the Partnership s Investments 

The Partnership must make
profits for it to provide beneficial diversification to its investors portfolio. Trading is a zero-sum activity in
which for every gain there is an equal and offsetting loss (disregarding transaction costs). This differs from a typical securities investment,
in which there is an expectation of consistent yields (in the case of bonds) or participation over time in general economic growth (in
the case of stocks). The Partnership could lose money while stock and bond prices rise. Stocks and bonds (except penny stocks) generally
have some intrinsic value. You generally can realize some value for your stocks or bonds even if you sell in a down market. In trading
Commodity Interests, on the other hand, you risk losing all of your investment if prices move against you. In general, performance statistics
do not reflect the different risk profiles or tax treatment of traditional and managed Commodity Interest investments. 

Partnership Trading Is
Not Transparent 

The Advisor makes the Partnership s
trading decisions. While the General Partner receives daily trade confirmations from the commodity broker and foreign exchange dealers,
the Partnership s trading results are reported to Limited Partners monthly. Accordingly, an investment in the Partnership does not
offer Limited Partners the same transparency, i.e., an ability to review all investment positions daily, that a personal trading account
offers. 

A Non-correlated, Not Negatively
Correlated, Performance Objective may Result in Losses for the Partnership 

Historically, managed futures
have been generally non-correlated to the performance of other asset classes such as stocks and bonds. Non-correlation means that there
is no statistically valid relationship between the past performance of futures and forward contracts on the one hand and stocks or bonds
on the other hand (as opposed to negative correlation, where the performance would be exactly opposite between two asset classes). Because
of this non-correlation, the Partnership cannot be expected to be automatically profitable during unfavorable periods for the stock market,
or vice versa. The futures and forward markets are fundamentally different from the securities markets in that for every gain in futures
and forward trading, there is an equal and offsetting loss. If the Partnership does not perform in a manner non-correlated with the general
financial markets or does not perform successfully, Limited Partners will obtain no diversification benefits by investing in an Interest
and the Partnership may have no gains to offset Limited Partners losses from other investments. 

8 

No Participation in Management
of the Partnership 

Limited Partners do not participate
in the management of the Partnership. 

Indemnification of the
Partnership May Increase Participation Costs 

Under the Partnership Agreement,
a Limited Partner will be required to indemnify the Partnership for any liability that it incurs as a result of such Limited Partner s
actions. 

Partnership Indemnification
of Other Parties May Increase Costs for Limited Partners and Adversely Affect Partnership Performance 

The Partnership had entered
into agreements with various service providers pursuant to which it may be required to indemnify such service providers for losses they
incur in providing services to the Partnership. 

LIQUIDITY 

The Limited Ability to
Liquidate Interests May Lead to Unforeseeable Losses for Limited Partners 

Limited Partners may not be
able immediately to liquidate their Interests. There is no market for the Interests and none is likely to develop. Limited Partners may,
however, redeem Interests, without penalty, on the last day of any month, subject to certain limitations. In order to redeem, a Limited
Partner is required to give the General Partner at least fifteen (15) days written notice. Because of the time delay between the
notice to the General Partner and the end of the month when an investment is redeemed, the value of an investment on the date of redemption
may be substantially less than at the time a request to redeem was submitted. 

Redemptions of Interests
May Subject Limited Partners to Possible Adverse Effects and Losses 

The Partnership will lose
money if it has to sell positions at a loss in order to raise money to pay substantial redemptions. If many redemptions occur simultaneously,
the need to liquidate positions could continue even after the redemption date. The Partnership would have fewer assets to trade after
a high level of redemptions. This might make it more difficult for the Partnership to recover losses or generate trading profits. Market
illiquidity could make it difficult to liquidate positions on favorable terms, and may also result in losses to the Partnership. 

No Automatic Trading Suspensions
May Lead to Substantial Losses for the Partnership 

The Partnership does not have
an automatic Trading Suspension Level which requires it to suspend or terminate trading as a result of losses. Therefore, Limited Partners
will be required to monitor the value of their investment and determine whether the Partnership s performance warrants continued
investment. Because Limited Partners will receive performance reports monthly, it is possible that the Partnership could incur substantial
losses before a Limited Partner could redeem his Interest. 

Any Mandatory Redemptions
Required by the General Partner May Subject Limited Partners to Substantial Losses 

The General Partner may require
a Limited Partner to redeem at any time and for any reason. It generally will only require redemptions in order for the Partnership to
comply with certain regulations. 

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 

The Partnership does not own
or use any physical properties in the conduct of its business. Employees of the General Partner perform all administrative services for
the Partnership from offices located at 1200 Prospect Street, Suite 400, La Jolla, CA 92037. 

9 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Partnership is not aware
of any pending legal proceedings to which either the Partnership is a party or to which any of its assets are subject. The Partnership
is not aware of any material legal proceedings involving the General Partner or its principals in an adverse position to the Partnership
or in which the Partnership has adverse interests. The Partnership has no subsidiaries. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) 
 Market information 

There is no trading market
for the Interests, and none is likely to develop. Interests may be redeemed or transferred subject to the conditions imposed by the Limited
Partnership Agreement. 

(b) 
 Holders 

As of January 31, 2023 the
Partnership had 355 holders of Interests. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

The General Partner has sole
discretion in determining what distributions, if any, the Partnership will make to its investors. To date no distributions or dividends
have been paid on the Interests, and the General Partner has no present intention to make any. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

The Partnership did not sell
any unregistered securities within the past three years which have not previously been included in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. 

(f) 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Pursuant to the Limited Partnership
Agreement, Limited Partners may redeem their Interests in the Partnership as of the end of any calendar month upon fifteen (15) days 
written notice to the General Partner. The redemption of capital from capital accounts by Limited Partners has no impact on the value
of the capital accounts of other Limited Partners. 

The following table summarizes
Limited Partner redemptions during the fourth calendar quarter of 2022: 

Month Ended 
 Amount Redeemed 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 85,710 
 
 November 30, 2022 
 218,418 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 80,306 
 
 Total 
 384,434 

11 

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Revenue: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2018 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2017 
 
 Total net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 
 3,347,658 
 2,402,092 
 (14,550,091 
 2,673,076 
 (2,193,035 
 14,912,353 
 
 Interest Income 
 227,692 
 126 
 298,451 
 2,252,803 
 2,660,453 
 1,524,072 
 
 Expenses: 

Management fee 
 221,398 
 292,645 
 673,925 
 1,112,335 
 1,598,989 
 2,248,002 
 
 Advisory fee 
 179,765 
 241,892 
 645,964 
 1,025,526 
 1,449,919 
 2,023,487 
 
 Administrative fee 
 51,465 
 65,387 
 130,564 
 228,982 
 330,996 
 458,380 
 
 Service fees 
 186,665 
 255,023 
 552,827 
 1,069,725 
 1,558,070 
 2,229,530 
 
 Incentive fee 
 102,565 
 5,069 
 
 122,089 
 111,204 
 705,276 
 
 Professional fees 
 83,479 
 84,105 
 217,310 
 569,540 
 805,372 
 891,332 
 
 Brokerage commissions 
 289,841 
 387,246 
 1,027,303 
 1,624,810 
 2,290,596 
 3,197,579 
 
 Offering expense (1) 

Interest expense 
 7,349 
 27,789 
 26,860 
 10,719 
 16,999 
 105,647 
 
 Other expenses 
 23,318 
 7,547 
 33,661 
 133,137 
 139,036 
 271,296 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 2,429,505 
 1,035,465 
 (17,560,054 
 (970,984 
 (7,833,763 
 4,305,896 
 
 Total assets 
 17,615,950 
 20,510,384 
 38,625,784 
 95,213,072 
 130,732,759 
 184,489,639 
 
 Total Net Asset Value 
 17,415,221 
 19,579,503 
 32,495,249 
 91,763,009 
 126,006,040 
 173,217,273 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Reference is made to Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The information contained therein is essential to, and should be read in conjunction
with, the following analysis. 

(a) 
 Liquidity 

The Partnership s assets
are generally held as cash or cash equivalents, which are used to margin the Partnership s futures positions and are sold to pay
redemptions and expenses as needed. Other than any potential market-imposed limitations on liquidity, the Partnership s assets are
highly liquid and are expected to remain so. Market-imposed limitations, when they occur, can be due to limited open interest in certain
futures markets or to daily price fluctuation limits, which are inherent in the Partnership s futures trading. A portion of the
Partnership s assets not used for margin and held with the Custodian are invested in liquid, high quality securities. Through December
31, 2022 the Partnership experienced no meaningful periods of illiquidity in any of the markets traded by the Advisor on behalf of the
Partnership. 

(b) 
 Capital Resources 

The Partnership raises additional
capital only through the sale of Interests and capital is increased through trading profits (if any) and interest income. The Partnership
does not engage in borrowing. 

The amount of capital raised
for the Partnership should not have a significant impact on its operations, as the Partnership has no significant capital expenditure
or working capital requirements other than for capital to pay trading losses, brokerage commissions and expenses. Within broad ranges
of capitalization, the Partnership s trading positions should increase or decrease in approximate proportion to the size of the
Partnership. 

12 

The Partnership participates
in the speculative trading of commodity futures contracts, options on futures contracts and forward contracts, substantially all of which
are subject to margin requirements. The minimum amount of margin required for each contract is set from time to time in response to various
market factors by the respective exchanges. Further, the Partnership s FCMs and brokers may require margin in excess of minimum
exchange requirements. 

Contracts currently traded
by the Advisor on behalf of the Partnership include exchange-traded futures contracts and over-the-counter forward currency contracts.
The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less than those associated with over-the-counter transactions
because, in over-the- counter transactions, the Partnership must rely solely on the credit of its trading counterparties, whereas exchange-traded
contracts are generally, but not universally, backed by the collective credit of the members of the exchange. The credit risk from counterparty
non-performance associated with the Partnership s over-the- counter forward currency transactions is the net unrealized gain on
such contracts plus related collateral held by the counterparty. 

The Partnership bears the
risk of financial failure by SGAS and/or other clearing brokers or counterparties with which the Partnership trades. 

(c) 
 Results of Operations 

The Partnership s success
depends primarily upon the Advisor s ability to recognize and capitalize on market trends in the sectors of the global commodity
futures markets in which it trades. The Partnership seeks to produce long-term capital appreciation through growth, and not current income.
The past performance of the Partnership is not necessarily indicative of future results. 

Performance Summary 

2022 

During 2022, the Partnership
reported a net realized and unrealized gain of 3,057,817 from all trading; gains of 3,057,949 from trading of derivatives including
brokerage commissions of 289,841. The Partnership accrued total expenses of 856,004, including 102,565 in incentive fees, 221,398
in management fees paid to the General Partner, and 532,041 in service and professional fees. The Partnership earned 227,692 in
interest income during 2022. An analysis of the profits and losses generated from the Partnership s commodity futures trading activities
for each quarter during 2022 is set forth below. 

Fourth Quarter 2022 . The Partnership generated gains for the
year as it was on the right side of soaring commodity prices in the first half of the year and uptrends in bond yields and the US dollar
through the middle of the year. Policymakers began to unwind more than a decade of easy monetary policy and central banks hiked rates
in most of the world s major economies. Global government bond yields trended higher, particularly at the short end, and the yield
on the US 10-year Treasury note broke the 4 barrier for the first time since 2008. Currency trends emerged as policymakers responded
differently to the twin challenges of resurgent inflation and fading economic growth. The Japanese yen, euro and British pound all weakened
significantly versus the dollar. 

Trend-following systems fared well in this environment, generating
returns across both major and alternative markets. Fixed income markets trended downwards in 2022 after range-bound trading in 2021 and
represented the top performing sector. FX generated profits as well with trend following, carry, and other systems profiting from the
Japanese yen and euro trading down to multi-decade lows versus the US dollar. The down move in stock indices during 2022 was less pronounced
than the moves in other sectors and trend-following systems were whipsawed over the course of the year. Commodities were positive as the
Partnership entered the year positioned long commodities in a year which saw strong trends on the back of pandemic and war-related supply
shocks. 

Third Quarter 2022. The Partnership generated
gains during the third quarter of 2022. US dollar strength was the main story in financial markets over the quarter. The US Federal Reserve s
hawkish approach to the pace of interest rate hikes clashed with that of other global central banks, particularly Japan, where policy
remains dovish. As a result, the dollar climbed to a 24-year high against the Japanese yen, crossed parity with the euro for the first
time in two decades, and rose to a record high versus the British pound. Global equity and bond markets continued to slide as investors
grappled with the effects of tighter monetary policy and a potential global economic slowdown. Concerns around slowing economic growth
weighed on base metals, oil and oil products, and Chinese industrial commodities, while a strong US dollar put downward pressure on precious
metal prices. 

13 

From a signal perspective, trend-following shorts
in fixed income, non-USD currencies, and metals drove the strategy s positive performance in the third quarter. Profits from short
trend-following positions in fixed income were somewhat offset by the strategy s diversifying systematic macro strategy, where seasonal
and carry systems are net long. Losses were driven by fixed income seasonal and carry systems which were more than offset by profits in
currency carry and a range of precious metals systems. 

Short fixed income and non-USD currency positions
at the asset class level drove the strategy s performance in the third quarter. Exposures at the short end of the US curve and in
the UK were the top fixed income contributors. The UK government surprised markets by announcing an aggressive fiscal easing while the
country s central bank tightened monetary policy to rein in inflation. In addition, longstanding short positions in the euro and
Japanese yen drove gains in FX. Short positions in the Chinese yuan led gains in the non-G10 currency portfolio, which was also profitable,
as the People s Bank of China surprised markets with an interest rate cut in August. 

While the Partnership made money in metals and
alternative commodities during the quarter, these profits were offset by losses in agricultural and energy markets. Gold and silver positions
benefited from a strengthening US dollar, while long positions in European power drove the returns in alternative commodities and short
positions in base metals generated gains. Major agriculture and energy markets led the losses in commodities, with long oil and oil products,
cotton, and sugar positions representing the top detractors in the two sectors, as trend-following and systematic macro strategies were
on the wrong side of reversals in these markets. 

The portfolio enters the year's final quarter
with net short exposure to fixed income, precious, and base metals. The Partnership s stock index exposure turned net short in August
and increased short exposure over September. The strategy remains short in most non-USD currencies. Positioning in agriculture is the
strategy s only notable long exposure heading into the fourth quarter. Energy positioning flattened through the quarter as oil and
oil products gave back their gains from the year's first half. 

Second Quarter 2022. The Partnership generated
gains during the second quarter of 2022. Equities continued their slide from the first quarter as investors feared the inflation-driven
rate hike cycle would lead the U.S. into a recession. Energies, meanwhile, continued to trend upwards alongside supply concerns, but industrial
metals and most other commodity sectors experienced waning momentum or trend reversals. The Bloomberg Global Aggregate Index was down
8.3 , marking the second consecutive quarter in which bonds and equities were simultaneously down. The U.S. dollar, meanwhile, strengthened
against most major currencies, particularly the Japanese yen, which fell to its weakest level against the dollar in 24 years as the Bank
of Japan maintained its dovish stance. Trend following continued to account for most of the strategy s profits in the second quarter,
with the largest gains in fixed income, currencies, and energies. Seasonal systems were profitable across various sectors, including carry
in currencies and energies. The Japanese yen and euro drove profits in currencies. Both weakened relative to the U.S. dollar over the
quarter, and carry systems are short due to low rates in Japan and the eurozone. Fixed income was another notable contributor, as trend-following
drove the returns. Stock indices were flat, as losses in trend following canceled out gains from short positions in cross-sector and seasonal
systems. Directional trend-following systems made money on the short side in stock indices towards the end of the period, but cross-sectional
systems were lossmaking as previous relative performance trends faded. Commodities were mixed after an exceptionally strong first quarter.
Uptrends in energies continued - long positions in heating oil, gas oil, and gasoline were among the top contributors in the sector, with
all three markets reaching all-time highs. Losses from trend-following in base metals and agricultural commodities resulted from waning
upward momentum during the second quarter. The Partnership heads into the third quarter of the year with long positions in energies, long
 albeit reduced agricultural positions, and net short exposure to base metals. In the financial sectors, short, fixed income
positions have pared somewhat, while net short positioning in stock indices and credit has gradually increased. 

14 

First Quarter 2022. The Partnership delivered
positive results during the first quarter of 2022. Energy, crop, and metal prices soared during the period, as Russia s invasion
of Ukraine reverberated across global commodity markets. The buoyant environment for commodities contrasted with falls for global equities,
bonds, and most major currencies versus the US dollar. Rising energy and food prices contributed to the highest US inflation print in
40 years and central banks continued to hike interest rates around the world. Commodities were the main source of profits in the portfolio
during the quarter, with exposure positioned on the right side of the extreme price moves that followed Russia s invasion of Ukraine
on February 24. On the day of the invasion and over the next two weeks, three of the largest up days in the strategy s commodity
trading universe since 1971 occurred. At the market level, oil-related markets, coal, and European power drove gains in energies; nickel
and aluminum were the top contributors in base metals; and soybeans, cotton, and corn led the way in crops. Returns in currencies were
split between trend following and carry systems, both of which were on the right side of Japanese yen and euro weakness during the three
months. A rallying Brazilian real, meanwhile, was the top contributor to performance in the OTC currency portfolio. Short, fixed income
positions increased during the quarter, with exposure having turned short in the sector towards the end of 2021. Short-dated exposures
were among the top contributors, including US and European short-term interest rate futures and US 2-year Treasury notes. Performance
in credit was a small, albeit negative, contributor as spreads widened. Losses from North American and European indices, where positioning
only turned short in February, outpaced profits from a short position in an emerging market index. Stock indices were the only notable
detractor from performance during the quarter, as positioning was largely whipsawed. Exposure had turned net short in the sector by the
end of January; increased the short position in March; before reducing it heading into quarter end as markets recovered. The Partnership s
only direct exposure to Russia a small, long position in the ruble was halved at the end of January amid heightened volatility
and removed altogether on February 25. 

2021 

During 2021, the Partnership
reported a net realized and unrealized gain of 2,014,846 from all trading; gains of 2,024,752 from trading of derivatives including
brokerage commissions of 387,255. The Partnership accrued total expenses of 979,507, including 5,069 in incentive fees, 292,695 in
management fees paid to the General Partner, and 681,743 in service and professional fees. The Partnership earned 126 in interest
income during 2021. An analysis of the profits and losses generated from the Partnership s commodity futures trading activities
for each quarter during 2021 is set forth below. 

Fourth Quarter 2021 .
2021 delivered positive results for the year as uptrends in equities and cyclical commodities that emerged in the second quarter of 2020
continued through much of 2021. Oil and technology stocks led the MSCI World Index to a 21.8 gain, while energies, crops and base metals
climbed to multi-year highs as global economic activity recovered. The biggest market movements in Winton's trading universe were in the
European energy complex, where electricity and natural gas markets surged between 370 and 660 , alongside supply disruptions, lackluster
renewable power generation and increased demand. The market environment was less favorable for fixed income, China-related equities and
precious metals. Government bond yields rose as central banks started to hike interest rates and wind down quantitative easing programs;
Chinese stock indices fell alongside government interventions and the default of property developer Evergrande; and gold traded sideways,
ending the year lower despite signs of increasing inflation. 

Commodities accounted for
most of the Partnership s profits over the year, with trend following and a range of non-trend systems positioned on the right side
of rallying markets. Energies was the dominant performance driver, with contributions to returns that were split between the coal, natural
gas, electricity and oil/oil products subsectors. The financials sectors weighed on returns in 2021, as profits from trend following in
stock indices were insufficient to offset losses in fixed income, where positioning was mostly whipsawed over the course of the year. 

Overall, the Partnership was
well positioned for this buoyant market environment as trend-following drove the lion's share of positive performance. The Partnership
heads into the first quarter of 2022 with a muted risk-on construct. 

Third Quarter 2021 .
Outperforming US and Japanese stocks lifted global equity indices to record highs during the quarter. These gains were, however, erased
in September, amid concerns about tightening monetary policy and the default of Evergrande, a heavily indebted Chinese property developer.
Fixed income markets mostly fell, and the US Dollar Index rose to a one-year high on the prospect of tighter policy in the US. Natural
gas, electricity and coal prices soared during the quarter, amid supply disruptions, lackluster renewable power generation and increased
demand. Aluminum, meanwhile, climbed to a decade high after a coup in Guinea and iron prices fell sharply alongside curbs on Chinese steel
production. 

15 

Most of the Partnership's
profits came from energies for the second quarter in a row, with long positions benefitting from a buoyant market environment. Performance
was more subdued elsewhere in commodities. While trend-following and mean-reversion systems made money in agriculture, the Partnership s
other systems were slightly negative overall. The financial sectors were negative overall, due to losses in currencies and fixed income,
combined with slightly positive performance in stock indices and credit. Trend-following systems accounted for most of the negative performance
in currencies, with long exposure to the Canadian dollar and British pound representing the biggest detractors. 

Overall, the Partnership was
well positioned for this buoyant market environment as trend-following drove the lion's share of positive performance. The Partnership
heads into the fourth quarter of 2021 with a muted risk-on construct. 

Second Quarter 2021 .
Uptrends in equity and commodity markets continued into the second quarter of the year, with the reflation trade remaining the dominant
market narrative. Global stock indices were led to new record highs by technology and real estate stocks; WTI crude oil rose past
 70 a barrel for the first time since October 2018; and LME copper prices rallied above 10,000 per ton to an all-time high. At the same
time, the US dollar resumed its 2020 downtrend, while fixed income returns were mixed, with yields generally falling at the long-end of
the curve and rising on shorter-dated maturities. Most of the price action in fixed income occurred in June after US policymakers signaled
an increase in interest rates in 2023, one year earlier than previously expected. 

Most of the Partnership's
profits came from energies, where long positions were driven by trend following and a range of systematic macro signals. Trend following
in more novel energy markets made a notable contribution to returns over the three months. Markets were similarly buoyant in the
other commodity sectors. Sugar, corn and soybean oil drove positive performance in agriculture, where trend-following systems profited.
However, performance was mixed in metals as returns from trend-following systems were cancelled out by mean reversion and seasonal systems. Beyond
commodities, stock indices were positive, currencies were broadly flat and fixed income weighed on returns. Trend following continued
to make money in stock indices as equity markets built on their first quarter gains, although performance was reduced by losses from a
long-term macro value system. The flat performance in currencies, meanwhile, was due to losses in a range of G10 markets cancelling out
profits from a short position in the Japanese yen. Short exposure to long-dated government bonds and long positions in short-term interest
rates accounted for most of the losses in fixed income. 

Overall, the Partnership was
well positioned for this buoyant market environment as trend-following drove the lion's share of positive performance. The Partnership
heads into the third quarter of 2021 with a moderate risk-on construct. 

First Quarter 2021 .
Market movements in the first quarter were driven by hopes for a rebound in global economic growth and the prospect of rising inflation.
An uptrend in commodity prices, rising government bond yields and a sector rotation within equities continued into the new year. WTI crude
prices briefly rose past 65 a barrel for the first time since 2018, the US 10-year Treasury yield crossed 1.7 , and the MSCI World climbed
to new record highs. At the same time, the US dollar, which trended downwards against most major currencies in 2020, reversed direction
and strengthened over the three months, most notably against the Japanese yen and euro. An uptrend in commodity prices, which started
during the second quarter of 2020, continued through the first quarter of 2021, accounting for most of the Partnership s profits.
The gains were driven by long positions resulting from a range of signals, with several non-trend signals making notable contributions
in agriculture and energies. Lean hogs, gasoline, copper and soybeans were all among the top contributors. Trend-following systems benefited
from long positions in stock indices, with global equity markets climbing to new record highs, although these profits were reduced by
losses from a long-term macro value signal. A short position in the Japanese yen led the profits in currencies, where carry systems accounted
for most of the gains. Fixed income was the only notable detractor during the quarter. Yields rose across the board over the three months,
alongside concerns about the effect of rising inflation. While the Partnership s overall beta to fixed income has been negative
since January, positioning in the sector only turned net short in government bonds in March and remains long in short-term interest rates.
Overall, the Partnership was well positioned for this buoyant market environment as both trend-following and systematic macro signals
contributed positively to performance. The Partnership heads into the second quarter of 2021 with a moderate risk-on construct. 

2020 

During 2020, the Partnership
reported a net realized and unrealized loss of (15,577,394) from all trading; losses of (15,667,755) from trading of derivatives including
brokerage commissions of 1,027,303. The Partnership accrued total expenses of 2,281,111, including 0 in incentive fees, 673,925 in
management fees paid to the General Partner, and 770,137 in service and professional fees. The Partnership earned 298,451 in interest
income during 2020. An analysis of the profits and losses generated from the Partnership s commodity futures trading activities
for each quarter during 2020 is set forth below. 

16 

Fourth Quarter 2020 .
The past year has been difficult for the Partnership. Market reactions to the global pandemic and the prospect of a recovery initially
driven by stimulus and, later, the discovery of a vaccine have been dramatic. The MSCI World slid by a third between February
12 and March 23, before technology stocks lifted several markets to new all-time highs in the third quarter. The global equity index rose
by 12.8 in November alone, alongside US election results and successful vaccine trials, to deliver its largest monthly return since January
1975. Yields on US 10-year Treasury notes fell in March to a record low of below 1 and remained there. In commodities, front-month WTI
crude futures briefly turned negative in April before recovering somewhat, while gold prices soared to their highest levels since 2012.
Base metal and crop prices also trended upwards in the second half of the year. From a sector perspective, stock indices, energies and
currencies drove the Partnership s negative performance over the 12 months. Fundamental signals led the Partnership s risk-on 
positioning across the three sectors heading into February and March s market downturn, with net long exposure to stock indices,
energies and non-US dollar currencies accounting for most of the subsequent losses. By contrast, technical signals provided valuable diversification
during this period, generating profits across energies, fixed income, currencies and metals. The Partnership s exposures changed
steadily over the course of the year in response to its trading signals and the evolution of their various data inputs. The fund started
the year positioned for a risk-on environment, albeit with a conservative level forecast volatility. This positioning had
become defensive by the second quarter, with the portfolio s beta to the stock market and crude oil turning negative and its beta
to US Treasuries turning positive. Positioning turned around again in the third quarter, as the rally in risk assets gained momentum,
and the beta to the US Dollar Index turned negative alongside a downtrend in the US dollar against most currencies. The Partnership heads
into 2021 with a moderate risk-on construct. 

Third Quarter 2020 .
The second quarter s risk-on rally continued through to early September, with global equities reaching a new all-time
high by the final week of August and gains for metals and emerging market currencies. Stock markets stumbled in September, amid the prospect
of new lockdowns, yet the MSCI World Index still ended the quarter up 7.9 , led by gains in consumer discretionary stocks. Silver and
iron ore were the top performers in metals, each rising by about a third, while US dollar weakness was the overarching theme in currencies.
The euro appreciated 4.4 and the Japanese yen appreciated 2.4 , against the US dollar during the three-month period. Fixed income markets
generally rose as well, with the yield on the US 10-year Treasury note falling to a new record low of 0.52 in August. While the technical
macro cluster profited in July from trends in precious metals and fixed income, it gave back these gains in September, amid a reversal
in precious metals and currencies. Fundamental signals detracted from performance, due largely to negative performance from carry and
seasonality signals in commodities. Performance in commodities was challenging during the quarter, with losses across the metals, energies
and agriculture sectors. The negative performance was led by short exposure to US natural gas, aluminum, silver and zinc, all of which
rallied over the three months. The Partnership benefited from its mostly long exposure to fixed income, with Italian BTP, Euribor and
short sterling futures leading the gains. Losses, however, accrued from positions in currencies and stock indices. G10 currencies accounted
for most of the negative performance, with the British pound, euro and Canadian dollar representing the largest detractors from returns.
Performance was more positive in emerging market currencies, with long positions in the Indian rupee, Mexican peso and Chinese yuan generating
profits. The Partnership s net short position in stock indices, which is driven by fundamental signals, continued to weigh on returns.
That said, trend-following signals have turned around in the sector and the short position was much reduced by quarter-end. The Partnership s
defensive positioning began to turn around in the third quarter, with short stock index positions reducing and exposure to metals and
agriculture turning net long. 

Second
Quarter 2020 . Global equities recovered most of their year-to-date losses in the second quarter of 2020, as surging
technology stocks drove the MSCI World up 19.4 , the index s largest quarterly gain since 2009. Several other sectors
experienced a risk on rally: prices in energies, base metals and commodity currencies all rose. WTI crude climbed back
to near US 40 a barrel; copper prices increased by a quarter; and the Australian dollar, Norwegian krone and Russian ruble posted
high single to double-digit gains against the US dollar. Elsewhere, returns in fixed income and agricultural commodities were mixed.
While performance was varied across the fund s portfolio, its overall defensive positioning during the quarter resulted in a
negative return. Technical signals accounted for most of the negative performance, largely due to losses in major-market futures
trend following, while fundamental signals also added to negative returns. The Partnership made money from long fixed income
exposure, particularly in emerging markets. However, these profits were not enough to offset losses from short positions in metals,
stock market indices and energies. The negative performance in currencies was largely due to short positions in G10 currencies
versus the US dollar. By contrast, appreciating emerging market currencies were slightly profitable for the Partnership overall. The
fund maintained its defensive posture throughout the quarter, leaving it positioned to profit from any further market declines. 

17 

First Quarter 2020 .The
first quarter of 2020 was a tumultuous time for the world as the COVID-19 crisis escalated, leading to increased volatility across financial
and commodities markets. Stocks suffered their largest fall since 2008, with the MSCI World falling 34.0 below its peak and crude oil
prices sliding by around two thirds, reaching lows not seen since 2003. The Partnership s returns for the quarter were largely driven
by long positions in equity index futures, with the remaining losses mostly split between currencies and energies. From a strategy perspective,
technical signals (mostly trend following) were positive, while losses were concentrated in fundamental signals. Trend-following signals
performed well over the quarter, despite the sharp reversal in equity markets. Faster versions of the signal caught onto the developing
bear market and went short quickly enough to profit from some of the downward movement in March. Even the slower trend-following signals
that remained long stocks still made profits in commodities, currencies and fixed income that outweighed losses from equity indices. Fundamental
signals, on the other hand, performed poorly, because they were positioned long equities, short fixed income, long oil and long emerging
market currencies. In summary, these signals were positioned against the risk-off sentiment that swept over markets as the
potential economic impact of the virus became apparent. 

(d) 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Partnership does not engage
in off-balance sheet arrangements with other entities. 

(e) 
 Contractual Obligations 

The Partnership does not enter
into any contractual obligations or commercial commitments to make future payments of a type that would be typical for an operating company
or that would affect its liquidity or capital resources. The Partnership s sole business is trading futures, related option and
forward currency contracts, both long (contracts to buy) and short (contracts to sell). All such contracts are settled by offset, not
delivery. Substantially all such contracts are for settlement within four months of the trade date and substantially all such contracts
are held by the Partnership for less than four months before being offset or rolled over into new contracts with similar maturities. The
Partnership s financial statements, included in this report, present a Condensed Schedule of Investments setting forth net unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of the Partnership s open future and forward currency contracts, both long and short, at December 31,
2022. 

(f) 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 

The General Partner believes
that the Partnership s most critical accounting estimates relate to the valuation of the Partnership s assets. Futures and
options on futures contracts are valued using the primary exchange s closing price. Foreign currency exchange contracts and foreign
cross currency exchange contracts are valued at the mean between the bid and ask prices, which approximates fair value. Interpolated values
are derived when the settlement date of the contract is an interim date for which quotations are not available. U.S. government agency
securities are generally valued based on quoted prices in active markets. Corporate notes are generally valued at fair value. Security
transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains and losses from security transactions are determined using the specific identification
cost method. Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates
in effect at the date of the statement of financial condition. Income and expense items denominated in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates in effect during the period. Gains and losses resulting from the translation to U.S.
dollars are reported in income currently. 

The Partnership s financial
statements are presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), which require the use of certain
estimates made by the Partnership s management. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Based on the nature of the business
and operations of the Partnership, the General Partner believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the Partnership s financial
statements are appropriate and reasonable, however actual results could differ from these estimates. The estimates used do not provide
a range of possible results that would require the exercise of subjective judgment. The General Partner further believes that, based on
the nature of the business and operations of the Partnership, no other reasonable assumptions relating to the application of the Partnership s
critical accounting estimates other than those currently used would likely result in materially different amounts from those reported. 

18 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Introduction 

Past Results Not Necessarily Indicative of Future Performance 

The Partnership is a speculative
commodity pool. The market sensitive instruments held by it are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or a substantial amount
of the Partnership s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments
is integral, not incidental, to the Partnership s main line of business. 

Market movements result in
frequent changes in the fair value of the Partnership s open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash flow. The Partnership s
market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of exchange rates, interest rates, equity price
levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s open positions
and the liquidity of the markets in which it trades. 

The Partnership rapidly acquires
and liquidates both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular
future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s past performance is not necessarily indicative of its future
results. 

Standard of Materiality 

Materiality as used in this
section, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market
movements and the potential losses caused by such movements, taking into account the leverage and multiplier features of the Partnership s
market sensitive instruments. 

Quantifying the Partnership s Trading Value at Risk 

Quantitative Forward-Looking Statements 

The following quantitative
disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth
in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). All quantitative disclosures in
this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact (such
as the dollar amount of maintenance margin required for market risk sensitive instruments held at the end of the reporting period). 

The Partnership s risk
exposure in the various market sectors traded is estimated in terms of Value at Risk (VaR). The Partnership estimates VaR using a model
based upon historical simulation (with a confidence level of 99 which involves constructing a distribution of hypothetical daily changes
in the value of a trading portfolio. The VaR model takes into account linear exposures to risks, including equity and commodity prices,
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and correlation among these variables. The hypothetical changes in portfolio value are based on
daily percentage changes observed in key market indices or other market factors to which the portfolio is sensitive. This expected daily
percentage change is then expanded to four days, providing an expected four-day percentage change. The Partnership s VaR at a four-day
99 confidence level of the Partnership s VaR corresponds to the negative change in portfolio value that, based on observed market
risk factors, would have been exceeded once in 100 four-day trading periods. VaR typically does not represent the worst-case outcome. 

The Partnership uses approximately
three years of daily market data and revalues its portfolio for each of the historical market moves that occurred over this time period.
This generates a probability distribution of daily simulated profit and loss outcomes. The VaR is the 1 percentile of this
distribution. 

The VaR for a sector represents
the four-day downside risk for the aggregate exposures associated with this sector. The current methodology used to calculate the aggregate
VaR represents the VaR of the Partnership s open positions across all market sectors, and is less than the sum of the VaRs for all
such market sectors due to the diversification benefit across asset classes. 

19 

The Partnership s VaR
computations are based on the risk representation of the underlying benchmark for each instrument or contract and does not distinguish
between exchange and non-exchange dealer-based instruments. It is also not based on exchange and/or dealer-based maintenance margin requirements. 

VaR models, including the
Partnership s, are continually evolving as trading portfolios become more diverse and modeling techniques and systems capabilities
improve. Please note that the VaR model is used to numerically quantify market risk for historic reporting purposes only and is not utilized
by the Partnership in its daily risk management activities. Please further note that VaR as described above may not be comparable to similarly
titled measures used by other entities. 

Because the business of the
Partnership is the speculative trading of futures, forwards and options, the composition of the Partnership s trading portfolio
can change significantly over any given time period, or even within a single trading day, which could positively or negatively materially
impact market risk as measured by VaR. 

The Partnership s Trading Value at Risk in Different Market
Sectors 

The following table indicates
the average, highest and lowest amount of trading VaR associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category for the
year ended December 31, 2022. During 2022, the Partnership s average capitalization was 18,719,570. 

Fiscal Year 2022 

Market Sector 
 Average Value at Risk 
 of Average Capitalization 
 Highest Value at Risk 
 Lowest Value at Risk 
 
 Interest Rates 
 64,283 
 0.34 
 79,193 
 57,099 
 
 Commodities 
 72,421 
 0.39 
 118,525 
 39,289 
 
 Currencies 
 77,397 
 0.41 
 91,631 
 52,446 
 
 Equities 
 32,777 
 0.18 
 51,902 
 14,622 

Total 
 246,878 
 1.32 

Percentage total does not
foot due to rounding. 

Average, highest and lowest
Value at Risk amounts relate to the quarter-end amounts during the fiscal year. Average capitalization is the average of the Partnership s
capitalization at the end of each quarter during the fiscal year 2022. 

The following table indicates
the average, highest and lowest amount of trading VaR associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category for the
year ended December 31, 2021. During 2021, the Partnership s average capitalization was 23,853,415. 

Fiscal Year 2021 

Market Sector 
 Average Value at Risk 
 of Average Capitalization 
 Highest Value at Risk 
 Lowest Value at Risk 
 
 Interest Rates 
 27,852 
 0.12 
 46,301 
 14,812 
 
 Commodities 
 197,190 
 0.83 
 425,605 
 94,420 
 
 Currencies 
 94,273 
 0.40 
 143,457 
 50,697 
 
 Equities 
 92,921 
 0.39 
 196,724 
 48,280 

Total 
 412,236 
 1.73 

Percentage total does not
foot due to rounding. 

Average, highest and lowest
Value at Risk amounts relate to the quarter-end amounts during the fiscal year. Average capitalization is the average of the Partnership s
capitalization at the end of each quarter during the fiscal year 2021. 

20 

The following table indicates
the average, highest and lowest amount of trading VaR associated with the Partnership s open positions by market category for the
year ended December 31, 2020. During 2020, the Partnership s average capitalization was 58,065,004. 

Fiscal Year 2020 

Market Sector 
 Average Value at Risk 
 of Average Capitalization 
 Highest Value at Risk 
 Lowest Value at Risk 
 
 Interest Rates 
 271,061 
 0.47 
 538,427 
 15,750 
 
 Commodities 
 867,005 
 1.49 
 1,736,355 
 3,356 
 
 Currencies 
 216,337 
 0.37 
 325,220 
 79,320 
 
 Equities 
 360,833 
 0.62 
 859,512 
 1,048 

Total 
 1,715,287 
 2.95 

Percentage total does not
foot due to rounding. 

Average, highest and lowest
Value at Risk amounts relate to the quarter-end amounts during the fiscal year. Average capitalization is the average of the Partnership s
capitalization at the end of each quarter during the fiscal year 2020. 

Material Limitations
of Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk 

The following limitations
of VaR as an assessment of market risk should be noted: 

1) 
 Past changes in market risk factors will not always result in accurate predictions of the distributions and correlations of future market movements; 

2) 
 Changes in portfolio value caused by market movements may differ from those of the VaR model; 

3) 
 VaR results reflect past trading positions while future risk depends on future positions; 

4) 
 VaR using a one day time horizon that is then expanded to four days does not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be liquidated or hedged within the time period; and 

5) 
 The historical market risk factor data for VaR estimation may provide only limited insight into losses that could be incurred under certain unusual market movements. 

VaR is not necessarily representative
of historic risk nor should it be used to predict the Partnership s future financial performance or its ability to manage and monitor
risk. There can be no assurance that the Partnership s actual losses on a particular day will not exceed the VaR amounts indicated
or that such losses will not occur more than once in 100 four day trading periods. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures 

The following qualitative
disclosures regarding the Partnership s market risk exposures except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical
fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Partnership manages its primary market risk exposures constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. The Partnership s primary
market risk exposures as well as the strategies used and to be used by the Trading Advisor for managing such exposures are subject to
numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Partnership s risk controls
to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets,
the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market
participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures
and the risk management strategies of the Partnership. There can be no assurance that the Partnership s current market exposure
and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short- or long-term.
Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Partnership. 

21 

The following were the primary
trading risk exposures of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022, by market sector. 

Currencies 

Exchange rate risk can be
a significant market exposure of the Partnership. The Partnership s currency exposure is to foreign exchange rate fluctuations,
primarily fluctuations which disrupt the historical pricing relationships between different currencies and currency pairs. These fluctuations
are influenced by interest rate changes as well as political and general economic conditions. 

Interest Rates 

Interest rate risk can be
a significant market exposure of the Partnership. Interest rate movements directly affect the price of the sovereign bond positions held
by the Partnership and indirectly the value of its stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well
as relative interest rate movements between countries may materially impact the Partnership s profitability. The Partnership s
primary interest rate exposure is to interest rate fluctuations in the United States and the other G-7 countries. Changes in the interest
rate environment will have the most impact on longer dated fixed income positions. 

Stock Indices 

The Partnership has equity
exposure to equity price risk in the countries in which it invests. The stock index futures traded by the Partnership are by law limited
to futures on broadly based indices. The Partnership is exposed to the risk of adverse price trends or static markets in the major U.S.,
European and Japanese indices. 

Energy 

The Partnership is exposed
to energy market risk in relation to natural gas, crude oil and derivative product price movements, often resulting from international
political developments and ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and the perceived outcome. Oil and gas prices can be volatile and substantial
profits and losses have been experienced in this market. 

Metals 

The Partnership s metals
market exposure is subject to fluctuations in the price of each of the metals futures contracts in which the Partnership invests. 

Agricultural 

The Partnership s agricultural
exposure is subject to the fluctuations of the price of each of the agricultural commodity futures contracts that it holds. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk Exposure 

The following were the non-trading
risk exposures of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022. 

Fixed Income Securities 

The Partnership has market
exposure in instruments (other than treasury positions) held other than for trading in its fixed income portfolio. 

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure 

Winton s focus within
risk management is on targeting, measuring and managing risk. Owing to the leverage inherent in futures trading, position sizes are set
according to Winton s expectation of the risk that such positions will provide, rather than the amount of capital required to fund
such positions, and Winton s Futures SMA Program the Program strives to maintain a diversified portfolio because
holding positions in a variety of unrelated markets has been shown, over time, to decrease system volatility. 

22 

Each day, Winton s trading
systems sets volatility parameters (known as the instantaneous forecast standard deviation for each position held in the
portfolio. The purpose of these parameters is to estimate the likely size of a market shift (whether up or down), in much the same way
as the futures exchanges estimate the likely market shift when deciding how to set the initial margin for a future or the daily price
limits for a market. The primary determinant of the daily volatility parameters is the amount of leverage or level of gearing used by
the Program. The derivatives positions leverage or gearing may be measured in terms of the Program s margin-to-equity ratio
in respect of its derivatives positions. This ratio is calculated by dividing the amount of margin posted with the futures commission
merchant by the value of the portfolio. The Program s long-term annualized volatility target is currently approximately 10 . However,
it should be noted that the Program s instantaneous forecast standard deviation (defined as the instantaneous risk Winton expects
within the 24 hours following that particular instant) may vary outside these limits. In order to target a given level of long-term risk
the instantaneous risk is allowed to fluctuate within a range around the long-term risk target. In order to achieve the long-term risk
target the correlation between different markets is estimated by the Program, and is employed in the calculation of the overall level
of gearing which is regularly reset, typically on a daily basis. Additionally, from time to time, the long-term standard deviation (defined
as the long-term average risk that Winton expects over a number of months) may also be above or below these limits, thereby having an
impact upon the level of gearing used by the Program. For example, in the event that exceptional market conditions arise, such as the
threat of closure of an exchange or other loss of liquidity, it may be determined to operate the Program at a lower level of gearing. 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Financial statements required
by this item are included herewith following the Index to Financial Statements and are incorporated by reference into this Item 8. 

The following information
presented on a quarterly basis is unaudited. 

Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 

2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 
 Interest Income: 
 136,097 
 71,382 
 20,213 
 0 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
 (840,563 
 463,942 
 993,693 
 2,440,745 
 
 Expenses: 
 169,751 
 265,401 
 210,922 
 209,930 
 
 Net Income (Loss): 
 (874,217 
 269,923 
 802,984 
 2,230,815 

Fourth Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 First Quarter 

2021 
 2021 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 Interest Income: 
 43 
 34 
 36 
 13 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
 (727,769 
 245,360 
 1,197,156 
 1,300,099 
 
 Expenses: 
 189,807 
 243,442 
 264,202 
 282,056 
 
 Net Income (Loss): 
 (917,443 
 1,952 
 932,900 
 1,018,056 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) 
 The General Partner, with the participation of the General Partner s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures
with respect to the Partnership as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, and, based on their evaluation, has concluded
that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

23 

(b) 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Altegris Advisors, L.L.C.,
the general partner of the Partnership, is responsible for the management of the Partnership. Management of the General Partner Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Partnership s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Partnership s transactions are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized 
 acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, Management used
the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO ). As a result of this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework, management
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

(c) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the
Partnership s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

(a) 
 Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

(i) The
Partnership has no officers, directors, or employees. The Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner (although it
has delegated trading and investment authority to the Advisor and administrative duties to affiliates of the General Partner). During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: (a) the General Partner was an indirect subsidiary (through intermediate holding companies) of
Continuum Capital Managers LLC Continuum and AV5 Acquisition, LLC AV5 ). Continuum is owned by Douglas C.
Grip and Stephen E. Vanourny. AV5 is owned solely by Mathew C. Osborne, the General Partner s sole Manager, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Investment Officer. 

Matthew C. Osborne (born
1964) was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner in February 2021, and Chief Investment Officer of the General Partner
in January 2016. Mr. Osborne has served as a manager of the General Partner (or a director of the General Partner s predecessor
entity, APM) since July 2002. He has also served as a Vice President of APM (July 2002 to January 2011), an Executive Vice President of
the General Partner (January 2011 to June 2015) and as Co- President of the General Partner (June 2015 to January 2016). Mr. Osborne since
February 2021 serves as the Chief Executive Officer of AlphaMax (formerly Altegris Investments, LLC and Altegris Distributors, LLC), Clearing
Solutions and Services. He has also been (1) an Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer and a director of AlphaMax (July 2002
to May 2010); (2) a manager (December 2008 to present), Executive Vice President (December 2008 to June 2015), Co-President (June 2015
to January 2016), and Chief Investment Officer of Clearing Solutions (January 2016 to present); (3) a manager (February 2010 to present),
Executive Vice President (February 2010 to June 2015), Co-President (June 2015 to January 2016), and Chief Investment Officer (January
2016 to present) of Services; and (4) a manager Better Outcome (September 2021 to present). 

None of the individuals listed above currently serves as a director of a public company. 

(ii) 
 Identification of Certain Significant Employees 

None. 

(iii) 
 Family Relationships 

None. 

(iv) 
 Business Experience 

None. 

(v) 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None. 

(vi) 
 Promoters and Control Persons 

Not Applicable. 

25 

(b) 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Not Applicable 

(c) 
 Code of Ethics 

The Partnership has no employees,
officers or directors and is managed by the General Partner. The General Partner has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal
executive officers and certain other persons associated with the General Partner. A copy of this Code of Ethics may be obtained at no
charge by written request to Altegris Advisors, L.L.C., 1200 Prospect Street, Suite 400, La Jolla, CA 92037. 

(d) 
 Corporate Governance 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The Partnership has no officers,
directors, or employees. None of the principals, officers, or employees of the General Partner or AlphaMax receives compensation from
the Partnership. All persons serving in the capacity of officers or executives of the General Partner, the general partner of the Partnership,
are compensated by AlphaMax and/or an affiliate in respect of their respective positions with such entities. The General Partner receives
a monthly management fee equal to 1/12 of 1.25 of the management fee net asset value of the month-end capital account balances attributable
to Class A and Class B Interests and equal to 1/12 of 0.75 of the management fee net asset value of the month-end capital account balances
attributable to Institutional Interests; as well as, 0.0625 (0.75 annually) of all Original Class A Interests, 0.146 (1.75 annually)
of all Original Class B Interests, and currently 0.0417 to 0.0625 (0.50 to 0.75 annually) of all Special Class Interests of the Partnership s
management net asset value. The General Partner also receives a monthly administrative fee equal to 1/12 of 0.333 of the management fee
net asset value of the month-end capital account balances attributable to Class A and Class B Interests. 

AlphaMax receives continuing
monthly compensation from the Partnership equal to 1/12 of 2 of the month-end net asset value of Class A Interests sold by AlphaMax. 

Clearing Solutions, in its
capacity as Introducing Broker to the Partnership, receives compensation for brokerage-related services. The Partnership will pay monthly
brokerage charges equal to the greater of (A) actual commissions of 9.75 per round-turn (higher for certain exchanges or commodities)
multiplied by number of round-turn trades, which amount includes other transaction costs; or (B) an amount equal to 0.125 of the management
fee net asset value of all Interest holders month-end capital account balances (1.50 annually). If actual monthly commissions
and transaction costs in (A) above are less than the amount in (B) above, the Partnership will pay the difference to the Introducing Broker
as payment for brokerage-related services. In any month when the amount in (A) is greater than the amount in (B) above, the Partnership
will pay only the amount described in (A) above. 

The Partnership has no other
compensation arrangements. There are no compensation plans or arrangements relating to a change in control of the Partnership or the General
Partner. 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

(a) 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners 

Not applicable. 

26 

(b) 
 Security Ownership of Management 

The Partnership has no officers
or directors. Under the terms of the Limited Partnership Agreement, the Partnership s affairs are managed by the General Partner,
which has delegated discretionary authority over the Partnership s trading to the Advisor. As of January 31, 2023, the General Partner s
general partner interest in the Partnership was valued at 3,382 which constituted 0 of the Partnership s total assets. As of January
31, 2023, the following managers and executive officers of the General Partner owned Interests in the Partnership: None. The direct and
indirect holding of Interests of each manager and executive officer and their total aggregate ownership of Interests is 0 of the Partnership s
total assets. 

(c) 
 Changes in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The Partnership does not engage
in any transactions with the General Partner or its affiliates other than in respect of the services and payment of fees therefor described
above in Item 1. 

The Partnership paid to the
General Partner monthly management fees totaling 221,398 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Partnership paid to the General Partner
administrative fees totaling 51,465 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Partnership paid to AlphaMax
monthly continuing compensation of 181 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Clearing Solutions, in its capacity as the Introducing Broker
for the Partnership, received from the Partnership s clearing broker (i.e., SGAS) the following compensation: a portion of the brokerage
commissions paid by the Partnership to SGAS, and of the interest income earned on Partnership s assets held at SGAS, equal to 52,306
for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, Clearing Solutions, in its capacity as Introducing Broker, receives from the Partnership,
monthly brokerage charges as described in Item 11. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the Partnership paid monthly brokerage charges
of 248,245. 

The Partnership has not and
does not make any loans to the General Partner, its affiliates, their respective officers, directors or employees or the immediate family
members of any of the foregoing, or to any entity, trust or other estate in which any of the foregoing has any interest, or to any other
person. 

None of the General Partner,
its affiliates, their respective officers, directors and employees or the immediate family members of any of the foregoing, or any entity
trust or other estate in which any of the foregoing has any interest has, to date, sold any asset, directly or indirectly, to the Partnership. 

The Partnership has no directors,
officers or employees and is managed by the General Partner. The General Partner is managed by certain of its principals, none of whom
is independent of the General Partner. 

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth
(a) the fees billed to the Partnership for professional audit services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP, the Partnership s
independent registered public accountant, for the audit of the Partnership s annual financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2021 and (b) the fees expected to be billed to the Partnership for professional audit services provided by Spicer Jeffries LLP for
the audit of the Partnership s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

FEE CATEGORY 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 19,500 
 33,100 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 7,500 
 21,900 
 
 Tax Fees 
 22,500 
 23,000 
 
 All Other Fees 

TOTAL FEES 
 49,500 
 77,000 

27 

Audit Fees and Audit-Related
Fees consist of fees paid for (i) the audit of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. s annual financial statements included in the
annual report on Form 10-K, and review of financial statements included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and (ii) services that are
normally provided by the Independent Registered Public Accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings of registration
statements. 2021 Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees were paid to Deloitte Touche LLP. 

Tax Fees for 2022 consist
of non-audit fees paid to Fleming Fund Services for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance and Partnership income
tax return filings. Tax Fees for 2021 were paid to Fleming Fund Services. 

The managers of the General
Partner pre-approve the engagement of the Partnership s auditor for all services to be provided by the auditor. 

28 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements 

The financial statements and
balance sheets required by this Item are included herewith, beginning after the signature page hereof, and are incorporated into this
Item 15. 

Exhibits 

The following documents (unless
otherwise indicated) are filed herewith and made part of this registration statement. 

Exhibit Designation 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

4.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

10.1 
 Advisory Contract between Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P., Rockwell Futures Management, Inc. and Winton Capital Management Limited and Amendment thereto dated June 1, 2008 

10.2 
 Introducing Broker Clearing Agreement between Fimat USA, LLC and Altegris Investments, Inc. 

10.3 
 Form of Selling Agency Agreement 

31.01 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.02 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Financial Executive Officer 

32.01 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.02 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

____________________ 

These exhibits are incorporated by reference to the exhibits of the
same numbers and descriptions filed with the Partnership s Registration Statement (File No. 000-53348) filed on July 30, 2008 on
Form 10-12G under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

This exhibit is incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the
same number and description filed with the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-53348) filed on March 31, 2015. 

Rockwell Futures Management, Inc. became Altegris Portfolio Management,
Inc., which merged with and into Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

Fimat USA, LLC became Newedge USA, LLC, which merged with and
into SG Americas Securities, LLC. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 
 Altegris WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 
 
 By: ALTEGRIS ADVISORS, L.L.C. 

By: /s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

Name: Matthew C. Osborne 

Title: Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the General Partner of
the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title with General Partner 
 
 Date 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

Matthew C. Osborne 
 
 Principal Executive, Financial Accounting Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 

(Being the principal executive
officer, the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, and a majority of the managers of Altegris Advisors, L.L.C.) 

30 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGES 

Affirmation of the Commodity Pool Operator 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 

Financial Statements 

Statements of Financial Condition 
 F- 4 

Condensed Schedules of Investments 
 F-5 F-6 

Statements of Income (Loss) 
 F-7 

Statements of Changes in Partners Capital (Net Asset Value) 
 F-8 F-9 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-10 F-31 

31 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 AFFIRMATION OF THE COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR 

To the Partners of 

 Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

To the best of the knowledge and belief of the
undersigned, the information contained in this Annual Report for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is accurate and complete. 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

 Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

 Commodity Pool Operator for 

 Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

 By: Matthew C. Osborne, Chief Executive
Officer 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

SPICER
JEFFRIES LLP 

 Certified Public Accountants 

4601 DTC BOULEVARD 
SUITE 700 

 DENVER, COLORADO 80237 

 TELEPHONE: (303) 753-1959 

 FAX: (303) 753-0338 

 www.spicerjeffries.com 

To the Partners of 

 Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
statement of financial condition of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. (the Partnership ), including the condensed schedule
of investments as of December 31, 2022, and the related statement of income (loss) and the changes in partners capital (net asset
value) for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022,
and the results of its operations and changes in its partners capital (net asset value) for the year then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The statement of financial condition, including the condensed
schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of income (loss) and the changes in partners capital
(net asset value) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 for the Partnership, were audited by other auditors whose
report, dated March 29, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Partnership is
not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2022. 

March 29, 2023 

2 

Deloitte
 Touche LLP 

 695
Town Center Drive Suite 1000 

 Costa
Mesa, CA 92626 USA 

 Tel:
714 436 7100 

 Fax:
714 436 7200 

 www.deloitte.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The General Partner and Limited Partners of Altegris Winton
Futures Fund, L.P. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying statements of financial
condition, including the condensed schedules of investments, of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. (the Fund as of December
31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and the related statements of income (loss) and changes in partners capital (net asset value) for
each of the two years in the period then ended, and the related notes. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations
and changes in its partners capital (net asset value) for each of the two years in the period then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The related statements of income (loss) and changes in partners 
capital (net asset value) for the year ended December 31, 2019 for the Fund, were audited by other auditors whose report, dated March
9, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Fund s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2021,
by correspondence with the custodian and brokers. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Deloitte Touche LLP 

Costa Mesa, California 

March 29, 2022 

We have served as the Fund s auditor since 2020. 

F- 3 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

ASSETS 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Equity in commodity broker account: 

Cash deposit with broker 

Segregated cash 

Segregated foreign currency (cost - and 

Net unrealized gain on open forward contracts 

Net unrealized gain on open futures contracts 

Total assets in commodity broker account 

Investment securities, at fair value (cost - and 

Cash 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Equity in commodity broker account: 

Net unrealized loss on open futures contracts 

Total liabilities in commodity broker account 

Redemptions payable 

Commissions payable 

Management fee payable 

Service fees payable 

Advisory fee payable 

Administrative fee payable 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

PARTNERS CAPITAL (NET ASSET VALUE) 

General Partner 

Limited Partners 

Total partners capital (Net Asset Value) 

Total liabilities and partners capital 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 4 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 CONDENSED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Range of Expiration Dates 
 Number of Contracts 
 Fair Value 
 of Partners' Capital 
 
 LONG FUTURES CONTRACTS: 

Agriculture 

Currencies 

) 
 
 Energies 

) 
 
 Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

) 

Total long futures contracts 

SHORT FUTURES CONTRACTS: 

Agriculture 

) 
 
 Currencies 

) 
 
 Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

) 
 
 Stock Indices 

Total short futures contracts 

Total futures contracts 

UNREALIZED GAIN ON FORWARD CONTRACTS: 

Currencies 

UNREALIZED LOSS ON FORWARD CONTRACTS: 

Currencies 

) 

Total forward currency contracts 

INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

Face Value 
 Maturity Date 
 Description 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Partners' Capital 

U.S. Government Securities 

Treasury bills 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 5 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 CONDENSED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Range of Expiration Dates 
 Number of Contracts 
 Fair Value 
 of Partners' Capital 

LONG FUTURES CONTRACTS: 

Agriculture 

) 
 
 Currencies 

Energies 

Interest Rates 

) 
 
 Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total long futures contracts 

SHORT FUTURES CONTRACTS: 

Agriculture 

) 
 
 Currencies 

) 
 
 Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

) 
 
 Stock Indices 

) 

Total short futures contracts 

) 

Total futures contracts 

UNREALIZED GAIN ON FORWARD CONTRACTS: 

Currencies 

UNREALIZED LOSS ON FORWARD CONTRACTS: 

Currencies 

) 

Total forward currency contracts 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 6 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 TRADING GAINS (LOSSES) 

Gain (loss) on trading of derivatives contracts 

Net realized 

Net change in unrealized 

Brokerage commissions 

Net gain (loss) from trading derivatives contracts 

Loss on trading of securities 

Net change in unrealized 

Net loss from trading securities 

Gain (loss) on trading of foreign currency 

Net realized 

Net change in unrealized 

Net gain (loss) from trading foreign currency 

Total trading gains (losses) 

NET INVESTMENT LOSS 

Income 

Interest income 

Expenses 

Management fee 

Service fee 

Advisory fee 

Professional fees 

Administrative fee 

Incentive fee 

Interest expense 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Net investment loss 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 7 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' CAPITAL (NET
ASSET VALUE) 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Limited
 Partners 

Original 
 Original 
 Special 

Institutional 
 General 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Interests 
 Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Interests 
 Partner 
 Total 

Balances at December
 31, 2019 

Capital additions 

Capital withdrawals 

From operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net realized loss from investments
 (net of brokerage commissions) 

Net change
 in unrealized gain from investments 

Net loss for
 the year ended December 31, 2020 

Balances
 at December 31, 2020 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Transfers 

Capital withdrawals 

From operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain from investments
 (net of brokerage commissions) 

Net change
 in unrealized loss from investments 

Net income
 for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balances
 at December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes. 

F- 8 

ALTEGRIS WINTON FUTURES FUND, L.P. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS' CAPITAL (NET
ASSET VALUE) (continued) 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Limited
 Partners 

Original 
 Original 
 Special 

Institutional 
 General 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Interests 
 Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Interests 
 Partner 
 Total 

Balances at December
 31, 2021 

Transfers 

Capital withdrawals 

From operations: 

Net investment loss 

Net realized gain from investments
 (net of brokerage commissions) 

Net change
 in unrealized gain from investments 

Net income
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balances
 at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes 

F- 9 

ALTEGRIS
Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fair value is a market-based measure considered
from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily
available, the Partnership s own assumptions are set to reflect those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability at the measurement date. The Partnership uses prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date, including prices
and inputs during periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced
for many assets and liabilities. This condition could cause an asset or liability to be reclassified to a lower level within the fair
value hierarchy. 

The Partnership values futures and options on
futures contracts at the closing price of the contract s primary exchange. The Partnership generally includes futures and options
on futures contracts in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, as they are exchange traded derivatives. 

Forward currency contracts are valued at the mean
between the bid and ask prices, which approximates fair value. Interpolated values are derived when the settlement date of the contract
is an interim date for which quotations are not available. The Partnership includes forward currency contracts in Level 2 of the fair
value hierarchy. 

The fair value of U.S. government securities is
based on quoted prices in active markets. When quoted prices are not available, fair value is determined based on a valuation model that
uses inputs that include interest-rate yield curves, cross-currency-basis index spreads, and country credit spreads similar to the bond
in terms of issue, maturity and seniority. U.S. government securities are generally categorized in Levels 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The fair value of corporate notes is determined
using recently executed transactions, market price quotations (where observable), notes spreads or credit default swap spreads. The spread
data used are for the same maturity as that of the notes. If the spread data does not reference the issuer, data that references a comparable
issuer is used. When observable price quotations are not available, fair value is determined based on cash flow models with yield curves,
bond, or single-name credit default swap spreads and recovery rates based on collateral values as key inputs. These valuation methods
represent both a market and income approach to fair value measurement. Corporate notes are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy;
however, in instances where significant inputs are unobservable, they are categorized in Level 3 of the hierarchy. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Partnership did not hold corporate notes. 

The fair value of certificates of deposit is determined
based on a constant maturity curve for comparable instruments denominated in USD. This valuation method represents both a market and income
approach to fair value measurement. Certificates of deposit are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The inputs or methodology used for valuing securities
are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. 

There were no changes to the Partnership s
valuation methodology during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table presents information about
the Partnership s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Forward currency contracts (1) 

US Government securities 

Liabilities: 

Futures contracts (1) 

Forward currency contracts (1) 

Balance as of 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Futures contracts (1) 

Forward currency contracts (1) 

Liabilities: 

Futures contracts (1) 

Forward currency contracts (1) 

(1) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Level 3 securities. 

The Partnership s Clearing Broker
holds margin balances in a single currency, in which all margin requirements can be satisfied in U.S. dollars. Foreign currency balances
can also be used to satisfy margin requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership s segregated cash balance on
the Statements of Financial Condition of and , respectively, represents the collateral pledged by the Partnership to
satisfy the Clearing Broker s margin requirements in US Dollars. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership s segregated
foreign currency balance on the Statements of Financial Condition of and , respectively, represents the collateral pledged
by the Partnership to satisfy the Clearing Broker s margin requirements in foreign currency. The Partnership s assets not
deposited at the Clearing Broker are deposited with either the Custodian or held in bank cash accounts at First Republic Bank (and used
to pay Partnership operating expenses). 

As the writer of a call option, the Partnership
retains the risk of loss should the underlying instrument increase in value. If the option is exercised, the Partnership will be required
to buy or sell the instrument at the exercise price. Accordingly, these transactions result in off-balance sheet risk, as the Partnership s
ultimate obligation may exceed the amount indicated in the Statements of Financial Condition. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership
did not hold any option contracts. 

Limited Partner of the Partnership shall be
liable for any debts or liabilities of the Partnership or any losses thereof in excess of such Limited Partner s capital contributions,
except as may be required by law. 

B. Subscriptions, Distributions and
Redemptions 

Investments in the Partnership are made by subscription
agreement, subject to acceptance by the General Partner. 

The Partnership is not required to make distributions
but may do so at the sole discretion of the General Partner. A Limited Partner may request and receive redemption of capital, subject
to restrictions set forth in the Agreement. The General Partner may request and receive redemption of capital, subject to the same terms
as any Limited Partner. The partners may withdraw their interests on a monthly basis upon at least 15 days prior written notice,
subject to the discretion of the General Partner. No distributions were made for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

annually) for Original Class A, annually) for Original Class B, and currently
 annually) for Special Interests of the Partnership's net asset value apportioned to each Partner s capital account
at the beginning of the month, before deduction of any accrued incentive fees related to the current quarter (the management fee
net asset value ). The General Partner receives a monthly management fee from the Partnership equal to annually) for
Class A and Class B, and annually) for Institutional Interests of the Partnership's management fee net asset value. The
General Partner may declare any Limited Partner a Special Limited Partner and the management fees or incentive fees charged
to any such partner may be different than those charged to other Limited Partners. 

Total Management Fees earned by the General Partner,
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are shown on the Statements of Income (Loss) as a Management Fee. 

B. Administrative Fee 

The General Partner receives a monthly administrative
fee from the Partnership equal to annually) of the Partnership's management fee net asset value attributable to Class A
and Class B Interests. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 administrative fees for Class A Interests were , 
and , respectively and administrative fees for Class B Interests were , and respectively. General Partner s
Interest, Original Class A, Original Class B, Special Interests and Institutional Interests did not get charged the administrative fee. 

C. AlphaMax Distributors,
L.L.C. and Altegris Clearing Solutions, L.L.C. 

AlphaMax Distributors, L.L.C. AlphaMax ),
an affiliate of the General Partner (previously known as Altegris Investments, L.L.C. and Altegris Distributors, L.L.C.), is a registered
broker-dealer with the SEC and a Delaware limited liability company. Altegris Clearing Solutions, L.L.C. (Altegris Clearing Solutions),
an affiliate of the General Partner and an introducing broker registered with the CFTC, is the Partnership s introducing broker.
In May 2021, Altegris Investments, L.L.C. changed its name to Altegris Distributors, L.L.C. and in December 2021, changed its name to
AlphaMax Distributors, L.L.C. 

AlphaMax has entered into a selling agreement
with the Partnership whereby it receives 2 per annum as continuing compensation for Class A Interests sold by AlphaMax that are outstanding
at month end. The Partnership s introducing broker receives a portion of the commodity brokerage commissions paid by the Partnership
to the Clearing Broker and interest income retained by the Clearing Broker. Additionally, the Partnership pays to its clearing brokers
and its introducing broker, at a minimum, brokerage charges at a flat rate of 0.125 (1.5 annually) of the Partnership s management
fee net asset value. Brokerage charges may exceed the flat rate described above, depending on commission and trading volume levels, which
may vary. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Partnership
had commissions and brokerage fees payable to its introducing broker of and , respectively, and service fees payable to
AlphaMax of and , respectively. These amounts are included in commissions payable and service fees payable on the Statements of
Financial Condition, respectively. The amounts shown on the Statements of Financial Condition include fees payable to non-related parties. 

The following tables show the fees paid to AlphaMax
and Altegris Clearing Solutions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

AlphaMax - Service fees 

Total 

The amounts above are included in Brokerage Commissions
and Service Fees on the Statements of Income (Loss), respectively. The amounts shown on the Statements of Income (Loss) include fees paid
to non-related parties. 

Interest holders will be assessed a monthly advisory
fee paid to the Advisor of of the management fee net asset value of each holder s month-end capital account balance 
annually), with the exception of Original Class A Interests. In addition, the General Partner has assigned a portion of its management
fees earned to the Advisor. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, advisory fees for Class A were , and
 , respectively, advisory fee for Class B Interests were , and , respectively, advisory fee for Original
Class B Interests were , and , respectively, advisory fee for Special Interests were , and , respectively,
and advisory fee for Institutional Interests were , and , respectively. General Partner s Interest and Original
Class A Interests did not get charged the advisory fee. 

of the month-end net asset value annually) of the value of interests sold
by them which are outstanding at month-end as compensation for their continuing services to the Limited Partners. Institutional Interests
may pay selling agents, if the selling agent so elects, an ongoing monthly payment of annually) of the value of Institutional
Interests sold by them which are outstanding at month-end as compensation for their continuing services to the Limited Partners holding
Institutional Interests. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, service fees for General Partner s Interest, were
 , and , respectively, service fees for Class A Interests were , and , respectively and service fees
for Original Class A Interests were , and , respectively. Class B, Original Class B, Special Interests and Institutional
Interests did not get charged the service fees. 

Currencies 

Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total Futures Contracts 

Forward Currency Contracts 

Total Gross Fair Value of Derivatives Contracts 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 
 Liability 

Type of 
 Derivatives 
 Derivatives 
 Net 
 
 Derivatives Contracts 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value 

Futures Contracts 

Agriculture 

Currencies 

Energy 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total Futures Contracts 

Forward Currency Contracts 

Total Gross Fair Value of Derivatives Contracts 

The following presents the trading results of
the Partnership s derivative trading and information related to the volume of the Partnership s derivative activity for the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The below captions of Realized 
and Change in Unrealized correspond to the captions in the Statements of Income (Loss) for gain (loss) on trading of derivatives
contracts. 

Currencies 

Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total Futures Contracts 

(1) 

Forward Currency Contracts 

(2) 

Total Gain from Derivatives Contracts 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Type of 
Derivatives Contracts 
 Realized 
 Change in 
Unrealized 
 Number of Average Notional Value of
 Contracts 
 
 Futures Contracts 

Agriculture 

Currencies 

Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total Futures Contracts 

(1) 

Forward Currency Contracts 

(2) 

Total Gain (loss) from Derivatives Contracts 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Type of 
Derivatives Contracts 
 Realized 
 Change in 
Unrealized 
 Number of Average Notional Value of
 Contracts 
 
 Futures Contracts 

Agriculture 

Currencies 

Energies 

Interest Rates 

Metals 

Stock Indices 

Total Futures Contracts 

(1) 

Forward Currency Contracts 

(2) 

Total Gain (loss) from Derivatives Contracts 

1) 
 
 2) 

With respect to futures contracts and options
on futures contracts, the Partnership has entered into an agreement with the Clearing Broker which grants the Clearing Broker the right
to offset recognized derivative assets and derivative liabilities if certain conditions exist, which would require the Clearing Broker
to liquidate the Partnership s positions. These events include the following: (i) the Clearing Broker is directed or required by
a regulatory or self-regulatory organization, (ii) the Clearing Broker determines, at its discretion, that the risk in the Partnership s
account must be reduced for protection of the Clearing Broker, (iii) upon the Partnership s breach or failure to perform on its
contractual agreements with the Clearing Broker, (iv) upon the commencement of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding for the protection
of creditors against the Partnership, or (v) upon the dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or merger of the Partnership. 

With respect to foreign currency forward
contracts, the Partnership has entered into an agreement with the Clearing Broker, whereby the party having the greater obligation (either
the Partnership or the Clearing Broker) shall deliver to the other party at the settlement date the net amount of recognized derivative
assets and liabilities. 

The following table summarizes the disclosure requirements
for offsetting assets and liabilities: 

Total 

Offsetting the Financial Liabilities and
 Derivative Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022 

Gross
 Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Description 
 Gross
 Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
 Gross
 Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Net Amounts
 of Liabilities Presented in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Financial
 Instruments 
 Cash Collateral
 Pledged (1) 
 Net Amount 

Forward Contracts 

Total 

Offsetting the Financial Assets and Derivative
 Assets 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross
 Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Description 
 Gross
 Amounts of Recognized Assets 
 Gross
 Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Net Amounts
 of Assets Presented in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Financial
 Instruments 
 Cash Collateral
 Received (1) 
 Net Amount 

Forward Contracts 

Total 

Offsetting the Financial Liabilities and
 Derivative Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross
 Amounts Not Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 

Description 
 Gross
 Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
 Gross
 Amounts Offset in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Net Amounts
 of Liabilities Presented in the Statements of Financial Condition 
 Financial
 Instruments 
 Cash Collateral
 Pledged (1) 
 Net Amount 

Forward Contracts 

Total 

(1) 

Incentive fees 

Total return after incentive fees 

Ratio to average net asset value 

Expenses prior to incentive fees 

Incentive fees 

Total expenses 

Net investment (loss) (1) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Original 
 Original 

Institutional 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Interests 

Total return for Limited Partners 

Return prior to incentive fees 

Incentive fees 

Total return after incentive fees 

Ratio to average net asset value 

Expenses prior to incentive fees 

Incentive fees 

Total expenses 

Net investment (loss) (1) 

Total return and the ratios to average
net asset value are calculated for each class of Limited Partners capital taken as a whole. An individual Limited Partner s
total return and ratios may vary from the above returns and ratios due to the timing of their contributions and withdrawals and differing
fee structures. 

(1) 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

Original 
 Original 
 Special 

Institutional 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Interests 
 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Interests 

Total return for Limited Partners 

Return prior to incentive fees 

Incentive fees 

Total return after incentive fees 

Ratio to average net asset value 

Expenses prior to incentive fees 

(2) 

Incentive fees 

(2) 

Total expenses 

(2) 

Net investment (loss) (1) 

(2) 

Total return and the ratios to average
net asset value are calculated for each class of Limited Partners capital taken as a whole. An individual Limited Partner s
total return and ratios may vary from the above returns and ratios due to the timing of their contributions and withdrawals and differing
fee structures. 

(1) 
 Excludes incentive fee. 

(2) 

F- 31 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 awin_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.01 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Matthew C. Osborne, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Partnership s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

 Matthew C. Osborne 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

 General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 awin_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.02 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Matthew C. Osborne, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Partnership s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

 Matthew C. Osborne 

 Principal Financial Officer 

 Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

 General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 awin_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.01 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF
THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Matthew C. Osborne, the Principal Executive
Officer of Altegris Advisors, L.L.C., the General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. (the Partnership ),
certify that (i) the Annual Report of the Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

 Matthew C. Osborne 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

 General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 awin_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.02 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF
THE UNITED STATES CODE 

I, Matthew C. Osborne, the Principal Financial
Officer of Altegris Advisors, L.L.C., the General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. (the Partnership ),
certify that (i) the Annual Report of the Partnership on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in such Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Matthew C. Osborne 

 Matthew C. Osborne 

 Principal Financial Officer 

 Altegris Advisors, L.L.C. 

 General Partner of Altegris Winton Futures Fund, L.P. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 awin-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 awin-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 awin-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 awin-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

