<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1832950_0001493152-23-009465.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6052797</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>540887</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1342193</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1748824</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1087507</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1202130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009465.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160626
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009465
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kernel Group Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832950
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39983
		FILM NUMBER:		23775249

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR - SUITE 8078
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-404-6356

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR - SUITE 8078
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009465.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission
 File Number) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol: 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange 
 on
 Which Registered: 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed
by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on Nasdaq, was approximately million
(based on the closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.82). 

As
of March 28, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CERTAIN TERMS 
 3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 4 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 5 

PART I 
 
 7 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 52 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 52 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 

PART II 
 
 53 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 5 4 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 62 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 62 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 62 

PART III 
 
 63 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers 
 63 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 73 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 

PART IV 
 
 78 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 78 

2 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
 and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 that the company adopted prior to the consummation of the initial public offering, as amended; 

Companies
 Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Former
 Advisors are to Ravinder Sajwan, Mark Cavallaro, Ish Dugal, Randy Burdick and Charlie Bowman; 

founder
 shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our Original Sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial
 public offering and subsequently transferred to our New Sponsor pursuant to a purchase agreement by and among the New Sponsor, the
 Company, and the Original Sponsor, and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class
 B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance
 of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

management 
 or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Original
 Sponsor are to Kernel Capital Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants to be issued to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing
 of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
 in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor
 and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our Sponsor s and each member of our management
 team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Sponsor 
 or New Sponsor are to VKSS Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they
 are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and 

we, 
 us, our, company or our company are to Kernel Group Holdings, Inc., a Cayman
 Islands exempted company. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, 
 estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, 
 will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, 
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate
any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These
statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including,
but not limited to: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurances that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

4 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

The
following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors
not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not
be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors 
section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
 are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
 to achieve our business objective. 

Past
 performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in
 us. 

Our
 shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
 our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
 right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
 combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
 combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 (or 30, subject to six one-month extensions) months after
 the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
 our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce
 value for our shareholders. 

Certain
 of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation
 of our initial public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and
 decide whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
 adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or their affiliates
 may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

5 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination,
 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to
 liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The
 Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in
 our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
 and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will
 lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us
 to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time
 period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to
 allow us to operate for the 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) following the closing of the IPO, it could
 limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business
 combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and
 to complete our initial business combination. 

Subsequent
 to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
 or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of
 our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

If
 third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
 received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our
 directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds
 in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

We
 may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

If,
 after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
 bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members
 of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members
 of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

Because
 we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses
 with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target
 business s operations. 

Our
 warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial
 results and thus may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

Our
 proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2021. If we are unable to develop
 and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
 results in a timely manner, which may result a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
 value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00
 per share. 

6 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on November 10, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one
or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. We
have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target regarding entering into a business combination with us. 

While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management
team to identify, acquire and manage a business in the Commerce Enablement, Supply Chain, Logistics and related Technology Infrastructure
sectors. The ideal target is a business that can benefit from our accomplished track record of founding, operating, investing, acquiring
and transforming businesses in the Consumer, Retail, Wholesale, Distribution, Logistics and Services sectors. We intend to focus our
search on business combination targets with an aggregate enterprise value in excess of 1 billion. We believe our management team is
well suited to identify opportunities that have the potential to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
February 5, 2021, we consummated an initial public offering (the IPO or the Initial Public Offering )) of
30,475,000 units (the Units ), at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit and a private placement with the Original Sponsor
of 8,750,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Private Placement ). The net proceeds from
the IPO together with certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement, 304,750,000 in the aggregate (the Offering Proceeds ),
were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the Offering Proceeds
held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that the Offering Proceeds will not be released from the trust account (1) to the Company,
until the completion of its initial business combination, or (2) to its public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion
of the its initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly
elected to redeem, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
provide holders of its Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Company s initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within
24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of its Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated its business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of the IPO,
subject to applicable law. 

Simultaneous
with the consummation of the IPO and the issuance and sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement of 8,750,000 Private Placement
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,750,000 (the Private Placement ).
The Private Placement Warrants, which were purchased by the Original Sponsor, are substantially similar to the Public Warrants, except
that if held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, (ii) subject to
certain exceptions, are not subject to being called for redemption and (iii) subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to
transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. If the Private Placement
Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by
the Company and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant
to, and are governed by the Warrant Agreement. 

7 

Sponsor
Purchase Agreement 

On
December 28, 2022 (the Effective Date ), we entered into a purchase agreement with the Original Sponsor, and VKSS Capital,
LLC, a Delaware corporation (the New Sponsor or Sponsor ), pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or an entity
designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor 7,618,750 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share
and 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per
share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00 payable at the time we effect the initial Business Combination. Upon the closing of the
initial Business Combination, New Sponsor shall also convey 2,000,000 Class B ordinary shares to the equityholders of the Original Sponsor,
as of the Effective Date, pro rata based on the equityholders underlying interest in our Class B ordinary shares as of the Effective
Date. 

Charter
Amendment 

At
the February 3, 2023 Shareholders Meeting, our shareholders approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company (the Charter Amendment ), and the Company subsequently filed the Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Articles of Association with the Cayman Islands authorities. The Charter Amendment allows the Company to extend the date
by which the Company must (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business combination, (ii)
cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s Class
A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on February
5, 2021, which we refer to as the IPO, from February 5, 2023 (the Termination Date to August 5, 2023, by
electing to extend the date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to six times by an additional one month each
time after the Termination Date, until August 5, 2023 or a total of up to six months after the Termination Date, unless the closing of
the Company s initial business combination shall have occurred, which we refer to as the Extension, and such later
date, the Extended Date, provided that (i) the Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the
Trust Account the lesser of (x) 300,000 or (y) 0.06 per share for each public share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extraordinary
General Meeting for each such one-month extension until August 5, 2023 unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination
shall have occurred (the Extension Payment in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note payable upon
consummation of a business combination and (ii) the procedures relating to any such extension, as set forth in the Trust Agreement, shall
have been complied with. In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal at the
Shareholders Meeting, holders of 22,848,122 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares exercised
their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.18 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 232.5 million.
Following the payment of the redemptions, the Trust Account has a balance of approximately 77.6 million before the Extension Payment. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
March 3, 2023, we entered into Business Combination Agreement by and among Kernel, AIRO Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kernel ParentCo ), Kernel Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ParentCo Kernel Merger Sub ), AIRO Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ParentCo AIRO
Merger Sub ), VKSS Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the ParentCo Representative and also in the
capacity as Kernel s Sponsor Sponsor ), Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria, in the capacity as the representative for the company
stockholders (the Seller Representative ), and AIRO Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation AIRO Group Holdings 
or the Company (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, Kernel will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication ). 

In
connection with the Domestication, each Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, of Kernel (the Class B Ordinary Shares shall convert into a share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Kernel and each Class A ordinary share, par value
 0.0001 per share, of Kernel (the Class A Ordinary Shares shall convert into a share of Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, of Kernel. Further, each share of Class B common stock of Kernel and each share of Class A common stock of Kernel
that is then issued and outstanding shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one share of Kernel common stock (the Kernel
Common Stock ). 

8 

Following
the domestication, the parties will effect the merger of Kernel Merger Sub with and into Kernel, with Kernel continuing as the surviving
entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of ParentCo (the First Merger ). Immediately following the First Merger, AIRO Merger
Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of ParentCo
(the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, together, the Transaction ). 

Merger
Consideration 

As
consideration for the Second Merger, the holders of AIRO Group Holdings securities collectively shall be entitled to receive from
ParentCo, in the aggregate, a number of shares of ParentCo common stock with an aggregate value equal to (the AIRO Merger Consideration (a) 770,000,000 minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the net working capital is less than negative 500,000, plus (c) the amount,
if any, by which the net working capital exceeds 500,000 (but not less than zero), minus (d) the amount, if any, by which the closing
net debt exceeds the target net debt of 75,000,000, by more than 500,000 (but not less than zero), plus (e) the amount, if any, by
which the target net debt of 75,000,000 exceeds closing net debt, minus (f) the amount, if any, by which the company transaction expenses
exceed the target company transaction expenses of 14,000,000 (but not less than zero). In addition, holders of AIRO Group Holdings 
securities shall also be entitled to receive from ParentCo, in the aggregate, an additional shares of ParentCo common stock with an aggregate
value of up to 330,000,000 in the event that for any full 12-month period (each an Earnout Period commencing on or after
the Closing Date (the Earnout Start Date and ending on or before the last day of the thirteenth full calendar quarter
following the Closing Date (the Earnout End Date , and the period between the Earnout Start Date and the Earnout End Date,
the Earnout Eligibility Period ParentCo s revenue is (i) greater than or equal to 42,600,000 for the first time
during the Earnout Eligibility Period, (ii) greater than or equal to 141,400,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period,
and (iii) greater than or equal to 358,900,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period, then ParentCo shall issue to
each of the stockholders of AIRO Group Holdings such stockholder s pro rata share of Earnout Shares with a value equal to 66,000,000
and the Sponsor shall be issued Earnout Shares with a value equal to 6,600,000. In the event that ParentCo s EBITDA for any Earnout
Period is (i) greater than or equal to (19,300,000) for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period, (ii) greater than or equal
to 4,000,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period and (iii) greater than or equal to 98,600,000 for the first time
during the Earnout Eligibility Period, then ParentCo shall issue to each of the stockholders of AIRO Group Holding such stockholder s
pro rata share of Earnout Shares with a value equal to 44,000,000 and the Sponsor shall be issued Earnout Shares with a value equal
to 4,400,000. 

Conditions
to the Consummation of the Merger 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary conditions to Closing, including the following mutual conditions of the parties (unless
waived): (i) approval of the shareholders of Kernel and AIRO Group Holdings of the Transaction and the other matters requiring shareholder
approval; (ii) approvals of any required governmental authorities and completion of any antitrust expiration periods; (iii) receipt of
specified third party consents; (iv) no law or order preventing the Transaction; (v) the Registration Statement having been declared
effective by the SEC; (vi) no material uncured breach by the other party; (vii) no occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect with respect
to the other party; (viii) the satisfaction of the 5,000,001 minimum net tangible asset test by Kernel; (ix) approval from Nasdaq for
the listing of the shares of ParentCo s common to be issued in connection with the Transaction; and (x) reconstitution of the Post-Closing
Board as contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement. 

In
addition, unless waived by AIRO Group Holdings, the obligations of AIRO Group Holdings to consummate the Transaction are subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional Closing conditions, in addition to the delivery by Kernel of the Related Agreements (as defined
and described in greater detail below), customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations and warranties
of Kernel being true and correct as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing (subject to customary exceptions,
including materiality qualifiers); (ii) Kernel having performed in all material respects its obligations and complied in all material
respects with its covenants and agreements under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by it on
or prior to the date of the Closing; (iii) absence of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Kernel since the date of the Business
Combination Agreement which is continuing and uncured; (iv) the replacement of the Replacement Warrants and Replacement Options; (v)
at the Closing, Kernel having 50,000,000 in Unencumbered Cash, including funds remaining in the trust account (after giving effect to
the completion and payment of any redemptions and any Transaction Expenses) and the proceeds of the PIPE/Convertible Note Investment,
fifty percent (50 of any net cash proceeds of any capital investment raise and/or convertible debt raise conducted by the Company during
the period beginning on the effective date of the Business Combination and ending on the Closing Date, and any net cash proceeds of any
executed agreements regarding a capital investment raise and/or convertible debt raise conducted by Kernel or ParentCo in which such
cash proceeds are required to be paid to ParentCo during the thirty (30) day period beginning on the Closing Date. 

9 

Finally,
unless waived by Kernel, the obligations of Kernel to consummate the Transaction are subject to the satisfaction of the following additional
Closing conditions, in addition to the delivery by Kernel of the Related Agreements (as defined and described in greater detail below),
customary certificates and other Closing deliverables: (i) the representations and warranties of AIRO Group Holdings being true and correct
as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement and as of the Closing (subject to customary exceptions, including materiality qualifiers);
(ii) AIRO Group Holdings having performed in all material respects their respective obligations and complied in all material respects
with their respective covenants and agreements under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by
them on or prior to the date of the Closing; (iii) absence of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to AIRO Group Holdings and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis since the date of the Business Combination Agreement which is continuing and uncured; (iv) delivery
of AIRO s 2022 Audited Financials within 60 days of the Business Combination Agreement s signing; (v) the completion of Kernel s
legal due diligence of AIRO Group Holdings and its subsidiaries to Kernel s reasonable satisfaction; (vi) the replacement of the
Replacement Warrants and Replacement Options; and (vii) the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness of the Target Companies due earlier
than 180 days after the Closing (less Company cash at Closing) is less than Fifty Million U.S. Dollars 50,000,000). 

Our
Management Team 

Our
management team consists of experienced deal makers, entrepreneurs, executives and investors, with deep experience driving growth by
optimizing operations, building brand resonance and improving technology systems. Collectively the team possesses a wide-ranging set
of competencies, with exceptional financial acumen and an extensive track record of growth and value creation. The team is led by Suren
Ajjarapu, who serves as CEO of TRxADE HEALTH, INC., an online marketplace for health traded on Nasdaq under the symbol MEDS 
as well as a director of Oceantech Acquisition I Corp., traded on Nasdaq under the symbol OTECU . Mr. Ajjarapu has over
25 years of specific experience in growing novel technology-based companies, raising capital, mergers and acquisitions and building superior
management teams. 

Suren
Ajjarapu, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Suren
Ajjarapu has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Trxade Group, Inc., (NASDAQ: MEDS) a Delaware
corporation, and its predecessor company since July 2010 and is a director of Oceantech Acquisition I Corp., traded on Nasdaq under the
symbol OTECU. Beginning in 2021, Mr. Ajjarapu served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. Mr. Ajjarapu is currently
serving as a director of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: OCEA) (f.k.a Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.). In addition, Mr. Ajjarapu is currently serving as the Chief Executive Officer,
Chairman and Director of OceanTech Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). Since
March 2018, Mr. Ajjarapu has served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Kano Energy Corp., a company involved in the development of
renewable natural gas sites in the United States. Mr. Ajjarapu was a Founder and served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Sansur Renewable Energy, Inc., a company involved in developing wind power sites in the Midwest of the United States, from March
2009 to December 2012. Mr. Ajjarapu was also a Founder, President and Director of Aemetis, Inc., a biofuels company (NASDAQ: AMTX), and
a Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Biofuels, a subsidiary of Aemetis, Inc., from January 2006 to March
2009. Mr. Ajjarapu was Co-Founder, Chief Operations Officer, and Director of Global Information Technology, Inc., an IT outsourcing and
systems design company, headquartered in Tampa, Florida with major operations in India. Mr. Ajjarapu graduated from South Dakota State
University with a M.S. in Environmental Engineering, and from the University of South Florida with an M.B.A., specializing in International
Finance and Management. Mr. Ajjarapu is also a graduate of the Venture Capital and Private Equity program at Harvard University. 

10 

Howard
Doss, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Howard
Doss is a seasoned chief financial officer and accountant. From 2021He served as Chief Financial Officer of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company until it consummated its initial business combination in February 2023.. He has also served
as chief financial officer of TRxADE HEALTH, INC., an online marketplace for health traded on Nasdaq under the symbol MEDS. 
Mr. Doss has served in a variety of capacities with accounting and investment firms. He joined the staff of Seidman Seidman (BDO
Seidman, Dallas) in 1977 and, in 1980, he joined the investment firm Van Kampen Investments, opening the firm s southeast office
in Tampa, Florida in 1982. He remained with the firm until 1996 when he joined Franklin Templeton to develop corporate retirement plan
distribution. After working for the Principal Financial Group office in Tampa, Florida, Mr. Doss was City Executive for U.S. Trust in
Sarasota, Florida, responsible for high net worth individuals. He retired from that position in 2009. He served as CFO and Director for
Sansur Renewable Energy an alternative energy development company, from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Doss has also served as President of STARadio
Corp. since 2005. Mr. Doss is a member of the America Institute of CPA s. He is a graduate of Illinois Wesleyan University. 

Our
executive officers are supported by seasoned group of independent directors composed of executives and entrepreneurs with a unique combination
of experiences in wholesale and retail, logistics and distribution, brands and technology development, and business transformation, which
includes Michael Peterson, Donald Fell, Venkatesh Srinivasan and Siva Saravanan, with Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Doss also serving as members
of our board of directors. 

Michael
Peterson, Director 

Michael
Peterson commenced serving as President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of Lafayette Energy Corp.
in April 2022. Beginning in September 2021 Mr. Peterson served as a member of the Board of Directors, Audit Committee (Chair), Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq:AEHA), a special purpose
acquisition company, that consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. Mr. Peterson is currently serving as a director
of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: OCEA) (f.k.a Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.). In addition, Mr. Peterson is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech
Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). Mr. Peterson has served as
the president of Nevo Motors, Inc. since December 2020, which was established to commercialize a range extender generator technology
for the heavy-duty electric vehicle market but is currently non-operational. Since May 2022, Mr. Peterson has served as a member of the
Board of Directors and as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of Trio Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas exploration and development
company which is in the process of going public, since February 2021, Mr. Peterson has served on the board of directors and as the Chairman
of the Audit Committee of Indonesia Energy Corporation Limited (NYSE American: INDO). Mr. Peterson previously served as the president
of the Taipei Taiwan Mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in Taipei, Taiwan from June 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Peterson
served as an independent member of the Board of Directors of TRxADE HEALTH, Inc. (formerly Trxade Group, Inc.) from August 2016 to May
2021 (Nasdaq:MEDS). Mr. Peterson served as the Chief Executive Officer of PEDEVCO Corp. (NYSE American:PED), a public company engaged
primarily in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas shale plays in the US from May 2016 to May
2018. Mr. Peterson served as Chief Financial Officer of PEDEVCO between July 2012 and May 2016, and as Executive Vice President of Pacific
Energy Development (PEDEVCO s predecessor) from July 2012 to October 2014, and as PEDEVCO s President from October 2014 to
May 2018. Mr. Peterson joined Pacific Energy Development as its Executive Vice President in September 2011, assumed the additional office
of Chief Financial Officer in June 2012, and served as a member of its board of directors from July 2012 to September 2013. Mr. Peterson
formerly served as Interim President and CEO (from June 2009 to December 2011) and as director (from May 2008 to December 2011) of Pacific
Energy Development, as a director (from May 2006 to July 2012) of Aemetis, Inc. (formerly AE Biofuels Inc.), a Cupertino, California-based
global advanced biofuels and renewable commodity chemicals company (NASDAQ:AMTX), and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nevo
Energy, Inc. (NEVE) (formerly Solargen Energy, Inc.), a Cupertino, California-based developer of utility-scale solar farms which he helped
form in December 2008 (from December 2008 to July 2012). From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Peterson served as a managing partner of American Institutional
Partners, a venture investment fund based in Salt Lake City. From 2000 to 2004, he served as a First Vice President at Merrill Lynch,
where he helped establish a new private client services division to work exclusively with high-net-worth investors. From September 1989
to January 2000, Mr. Peterson was employed by Goldman Sachs Co. in a variety of positions and roles, including as a Vice President.
Mr. Peterson received his MBA at the Marriott School of Management and a BS in statistics/computer science from Brigham Young University. 

11 

Donald
Fell, Director 

Donald
Fell brings along a wealth of experience in the field of economics and business to the Company. Mr. Fell served as an independent director
of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from 2021 until it consummated its initial business combination
in February 2023. Mr. Fell has served as an independent director of TRxADE HEALTH, INC since January 2014, as well as a director of Trxade
Nevada since December 2013. He is presently Professor and Institute Director for the Davis, California-based Foundation for Teaching
Economics and adjunct professor of economics for the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs. In addition, Mr. Fell is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech Acquisition
I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). Mr. Fell held positions with the University
of South Florida as a member of the Executive MBA faculty, Director of Executive and Professional Education and Senior Fellow of the
Public Policy Institute from 1995 to 2012. Mr. Fell was also a visiting professor at the University of LaRochelle, France, and an adjunct
professor of economics at both Illinois State University and The Ohio State University. Mr. Fell holds undergraduate and graduate degrees
in economics from Indiana State University and is all but dissertation (ABD) in economics from Illinois State University. Through his
work with the Foundation for Teaching Economics and the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs he has overseen graduate institutes
on economic policy and environmental economics in 44 states, throughout Canada, the Islands and Eastern Europe. 

Venkatesh
Srinivasan, Director 

Venkatesh
Srinivasan has a tremendous amount of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and currently serves as President of Micro Labs USA
and previously served as President of Rising Pharma, USA and as President and CEO of Ascend Laboratories, USA where he grew the
business, building a new team and strengthening processes and systems. Mr. Srinivasan is currently serving as a Director of
OceanTech Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). In addition, Mr. Srinivasan served as a Director at Pfizer India. Mr. Srinivasan served
as an independent director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from 2021 until it
consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. 

Siva
Saravanan, Director 

Siva
Saravanan has more than 20 years of experience steering digital strategies and technology solutions for businesses. Mr. Saravanan is
the Chief Digital Officer at Wavestone US, helping Fortune 1000 business and technology leaders accelerate digital transformation. Prior
to joining Wavestone US, Siva was Chief Information Officer and SVP of Business Operations at Reviver, an exciting IoT start-up that
creates connected digital license plates to enable true autonomous driving. He designed customer digital experiences, unified commerce,
supply chain, field service operations and the digital agenda for Reviver. Siva was also VP for IT Digital Transformation and Program
Delivery at Aristocrat Technologies. While at Aristocrat Technologies, he led the transformation of business systems for a leading high-tech
gaming manufacturer. Siva spent many years at Verifone as a Senior Director supporting technology operations in 40+ countries and also
taking on delivery responsibilities. At VeriFone, he built a world-class global integrated supply chain network for agility and efficiency.
Mr. Saravanan holds a M.S. in Systems Engineering from Tennessee State University and B.S in Mechanical Engineering from Annamalai University
in Chidambaram, India. He is also on the Advisory Board of NishTech Inc., a digital commerce company and the Advisory Council of George
Washington University School of Business Digital Program. Siva is a member of Forbes Technology Council contributing regularly. In addition, Mr. Saravan is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech
Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). Mr. Saravanan
served as an independent director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. from 2021 until it
consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. 

Our
Approach 

While
we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business
combination with a company that complements the experiences and skills of our management team members and can benefit from their operational
expertise. As such, we have a particular interest in profitable and growing businesses that can leverage technology to serve customers
in a novel and transformational manner. 

12 

We
expect that relationships cultivated from our management team s years working in technology innovation, consumer, supply chain
and logistics entrepreneurship, business operation in relevant industries, and their significant transaction experience will facilitate
potential opportunities for us. Our management team and board of directors are leveraging extensive networks of key business contacts,
forged over decades of experience, to convey the parameters of our search for a target company and subsequent business combination and
are sourcing, reviewing and pursuing potential opportunities. We leverage relationships cultivated from years of transaction experience
with management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants to provide potential opportunities
for us. 

Once
identified, we will seek to work with a potential acquisition candidate to ensure significant liquidity needed for growth, to attract
top tier management talent where such talent may complement an existing management team, and to execute a proprietary, value-creating
business plan to help the company continue to progress into the next phase of its life cycle. Our management team and board of directors
have demonstrated success sourcing, identifying and executing key investments and acquisitions, as well as operating industry-leading
companies. Collectively, our management team along with our board of directors has extensive experience in: 

operating
 companies in the public and private markets, defining corporate strategy, and hiring and retaining talent; 

executing
 on growth plans, both organically and through strategic acquisitions; 

sourcing,
 structuring and acquiring operating companies; 

founding
 technology and consumer product startups, ultimately negotiating exits at attractive valuations to produce favorable returns for
 investors and employees; 

accessing
 public and private capital markets to optimize capital structure, including financing businesses and helping companies transition
 ownership structures; 

fostering
 relationships with sellers, capital providers and experienced target management teams; 

investing
 in well-known growth and technology businesses; and 

overseeing
 governance of public companies, with our management team and board of directors having served in key roles on numerous public company
 boards. 

We
believe that our management team is well positioned to identify relevant business combination opportunities with a compelling industry
backdrop, and to facilitate transformational growth for the target. Our objective is to generate attractive returns for shareholders
and enhance value through improving operational performance of the acquired company. 

We
favor opportunities with certain industry characteristics, including stable long-term growth trends, industry fragmentation with consolidation
opportunities, and underutilization of technology. Key business characteristics include: 

predictable
 and recurring revenues; 

attractive
 market positioning and competitive advantages; 

strong
 operating margins and dependable cash flows; 

opportunities
 for operational improvement; and 

scalable
 business models. 

Our
management team and board of directors are pursuing an acquisition across a variety of business-to-business B2B ), consumer
and technology adjacent industries, including, without limiting its scope, businesses that focus on commerce enablement, supply chain,
logistics and related technology infrastructure. We evaluate a broad array of targets that each could provide a curated suite of next-generation
technological enhancements in their business. For example, we may identify a business with existing platforms and capabilities that provide
a better alternative to the archaic technology currently supporting supply chains, logistics and distribution networks in select industries,
including food service, grocery and specialty, among others. We believe that our focus presents a differentiated investment opportunity
compared to other similar vehicles in the market. 

13 

We
believe our management team s backgrounds, relationships and contacts across multiple industries provide us with the ability to
source and identify outstanding opportunities. Companies focused on Commerce Enablement, Supply Chain, Logistics and related Technology
Infrastructure represent the nexus of what we seek in a target. The ideal partner company is a business that can benefit from our management
team s accomplished track record of founding, operating, investing, acquiring and transforming businesses using technology in the
following sectors: 

consumer; 

B2B
 / business-to-business-to-consumer B2B2C 

retail
 wholesale 

distribution
 / logistics and services sectors. 

The
aggregation of these skills contain several attractive qualities for investors including: on-trend solutions that address evolving market
dynamics; greater customer loyalty driven by the necessity for enhanced capabilities; defensive positioning given stable, in-demand services;
and pricing power driven by premium offerings and competitive advantage. 

We
believe that our structure and our management team s deep experience as operators, investors and entrepreneurs position us as an
attractive partner in a potential business combination. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

As
we go through the evaluation process for target companies, we use the following to identify opportunities while remaining open to expanding
the criteria set forth. While we use the criteria and guidelines below for evaluation purposes, we may decide to enter into a business
combination with a target company that does not meet these criteria. Our specific areas of focus are: 

We
look to acquire a target business that we believe demonstrates the following characteristics: 

scaled
 company with an enterprise value in excess of 1.0 billion that is prepared to operate as a public company from the perspective of
 senior management and relevant business metrics; 

healthy,
 growing platform for equity investors, with an established business model, seasoned management team and sustainable competitive advantages; 

qualified
 leadership team that is open to mentorship, with a demonstrated track record of driving organic revenue growth and margin improvement; 

well-incentivized
 management team that is aligned in an effort to create significant shareholder value; 

fundamentally
 sound business, but underperforming its full potential and can benefit from applications and use of modern technology and tools,
 which can be leveraged in novel and transformative ways; 

amenable
 to enhanced financial performance through organic initiatives and/or inorganic growth opportunities that we identify in our analysis
 and due diligence; 

operates
 in overlooked, underserved markets that present unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe are not receiving appropriate
 credit in respective marketplaces; 

a
 company that will benefit from our management team s knowledge of industry dynamics, proven collection of operational strategies
 and tools, access to capital and relationships with key players in target industries and ability to rapidly scale businesses; 

14 

attractive
 valuation relative to its existing financial metrics, and relative to public comparable companies, with potential for further significant
 operational improvement presenting an attractive potential return for shareholders; and 

will
 benefit from being publicly traded and having access to the public capital markets, enhancing its ability to pursue accretive acquisitions,
 high-return capital projects, and/or strengthen its balance sheet. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not
meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder
communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form
of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and key employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. We also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
experience. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor,
officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Members
of our management team and board of directors directly or indirectly, own our founder shares, ordinary shares and/or private placement
warrants, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were
to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer, director or Advisor is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. 

In
addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However,
we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

15 

Initial
Business Combination 

So
long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together
have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal
firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or
experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s
assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction
involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or
necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business
meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business
or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However,
if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed
transaction will include such opinion. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of
such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business
combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target
businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the
prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to
meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor - Suite 8078, New York, New York 10022, and our telephone number is (646) 908-2659. We maintain
a corporate website at www.kernelcap.com. 

16 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated
with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We
are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. 

We
are a recently incorporated exempted company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we
lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial
business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target
business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our
initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their
respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success
with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team
or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to,
generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. 

17 

Our
shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target
business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder
approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete
our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business
combination we complete. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target
businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote
in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
Sponsor owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of our initial public
offering. Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled
to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. As a result, in addition to our Sponsor s
founder shares, we would need 9,937,501, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option
is not exercised), or 1,656,251, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and the over-allotment
option is not exercised), of the 26,500,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination
will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months (or
30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated
an initial business within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon
the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination
within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to
such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

18 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we
do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the
deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with
an initial business combination. 

The
per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire
deferred underwriting commissions. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

19 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) after
the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce
value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial
public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if
we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may
have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon
a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak
of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health
and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community
in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. 
The COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could
adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate
a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if
continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or
the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely
manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to
contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue
for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which
we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) after
the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject
to six one-month extensions) after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination
may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein.
For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak
on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result
of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at
all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial
business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for
any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect
to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to
applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00
per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may
be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

20 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or their affiliates may purchase public shares
or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage
in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

In
the event that our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. 

The
purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result
in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made,
the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the
extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that
a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

21 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition
companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive
fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals
could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the
cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the
cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result
in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial
business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
share and other risk factors herein. 

22 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are
insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) following the closing of our
initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to
complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management
team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,225,000 was available
to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside
of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will
be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) following the closing
of our initial public offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members
of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect
to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could
also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed
to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

In
the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,400,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust
account. In such case, unless funded by the proceeds of loans available from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management
team the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the
event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,400,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust
account would increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase
or decrease. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of
our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team
nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside
the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The
warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive
an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

23 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our
first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder
meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one
class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting
of shareholders) serving a three-year term. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to
be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business
combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this report regarding the areas
of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose
to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion
will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to
our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the
Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly
structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares
to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 

24 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we
do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business
combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our
Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class
A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms
of the proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may
search for an alternate business combination. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting
of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely
with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to
the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed
to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an
exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

25 

Our
Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. If our Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately
negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors,
have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this report. Factors that would be considered
in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders
to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue
in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership
position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors
and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an
initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an
initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company
under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 following the completion
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited
balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies,
such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means
our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do
companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release
of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in
connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

26 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If
any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform
an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver
if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month
extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against
us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less
than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement,
our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per
public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax
obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. 

However,
we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

27 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations,
and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular
claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public
share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors
and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We
may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

28 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult
for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to
our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board
of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used
will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial
public offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent
in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will released
from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial
public offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement
agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other
compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into
with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of
the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this report, unless FINRA determines
that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriters
are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact
that the underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination
transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts
of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

29 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the
approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion
of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders.
In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of
warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public
shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the
release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior
to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary
shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class
A ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may
be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination
behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with
which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. 

30 

Our
Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to
six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries
of, these agreements and, as a result, do not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors
for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative
action, subject to applicable law. 

Our
letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our
letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares
and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions
from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction
not to transfer the founder shares for 180 days following the date of our final prospectus will require the prior written consent of
the representatives). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business
combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders
and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to
allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection
with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination.
We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make
it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed
to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our
initial business combination. 

31 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt
following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our
officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available
for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
 while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability 

The
net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to 295,338,750 that
we may use to complete our initial business combination. 

32 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively
impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

33 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the
closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months (or 30 months, subject to
six one-month extensions) before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the
closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the
trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to
any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to
our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month
extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them,
and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to
investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or
amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have
sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions
if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation
of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman
Islands law. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
 of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
 addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

34 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. An investment in our securities is not intended for persons who are seeking a return
on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending
the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions)from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business
combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering, our
return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not
invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely
affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose
any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Based
upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2021, because of a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management
has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial instruments was not effectively
designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the misstatement of the Company s audited balance sheet as of February
5, 2021 and its interim financial statements and notes as reported in its SEC filings for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021. 

35 

Any
failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely impact
our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements
are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed
on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our ordinary shares are listed,
the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Ineffective internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the
trading price of our stock. 

We
can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful
in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify
irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

If
we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a Business Combination. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Further, our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial
business combination may not be successful. We currently have a mandatory liquidation date of August 5, 2023 to complete a Business Combination.
Although we expect to complete a business combination on or prior to August 5, 2023, it is uncertain whether we will be able to do so.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through our liquidation date. The
financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate
a Business Combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce
the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

36 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the
 Excess Shares, without our prior consent. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination.
And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our
initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a
minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300
public holders). 

Additionally,
our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance,
our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required
to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot
holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
 ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on Nasdaq, and, as a result, qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud,
and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check
companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these
powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were
no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities. 

37 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. There are 475,000,000 and 43,750,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares,
respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of
our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after our initial public offering, there will be no preference shares issued and
outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in
connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants 
or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination
as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or
on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution
 provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
 upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
 our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
 ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

38 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you
may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in
the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are
not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise
will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).
However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders
seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of
the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable
state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of
units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance
where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding
exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an
instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

39 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all
without your approval. 

Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering, or defective
provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant
agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the
parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the
registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may
amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of
the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert
the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a
warrant. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at
a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the
heading Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading
days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that
certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem
the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to
do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less
than the market value of your warrants. 

In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their
expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that
the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third
trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders
will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption
date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than
the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher
and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped
at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None
of the private placement warrants are be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

40 

Our
warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 14,375,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in our initial public offering and, simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering and exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, we issued in private placements
an aggregate of 8,750,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may
convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 

To
the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares
and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it
more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units
of other blank check companies. 

Each
unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation
of the units, and only whole units trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the
warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to
purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants
upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares
compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger
partner for target businesses. 

Nevertheless,
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii)
the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under Description
of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or
exceeds 18.00 and -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per
share redemption trigger price described below under Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination with a target business. 

41 

The
warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. 

In
certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant
to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security
underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the
board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of
our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor, are entitled to
vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

The
grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can
demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable
with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such
private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant
number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.
In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by
our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The
unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

42 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all
of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after
our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and
resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered
into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered
by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive
officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors
also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs
require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their
ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

43 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses
or entities. Our Sponsor, officers, and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar
business. In addition, our Sponsor, officers, and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of,
any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our Sponsor, officers, or directors
could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check
company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
Sponsor, officers, and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and
the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
of similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director of officer,
on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are
a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor,
our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons
from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have
a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders rights. See the section entitled Description of Securities-Certain Differences in Corporate
Law-Shareholders Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be
successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our Sponsor, executive officers, or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
or entities affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for
other entities, including, without limitation, those described under management-Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers
and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking
an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers, and
directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities
with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity
or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue
such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth
in Proposed Business-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial
Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or
international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, or directors potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest. 

44 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all
of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition,
other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of
the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able
to maintain control of the target business. 

Since
our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they may have acquired during or may acquire after our initial public offering), a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
November 19, 2020, our Original Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001. In January 2021, we effected a 1 for 1.2 forward stock split of the founder shares that increased the number
of outstanding founder shares from 5,750,000 to 7,618,750 shares and our Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 75,000 founder
shares to our independent director nominees and an aggregate of 50,000 founder shares to our Former Advisors. Prior to the initial investment
in the company of 25,000 by the Original Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder
shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will
be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement,
to purchase an aggregate of 8,750,000, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant 8,750,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of
our initial public offering. If we do not consummate an initial business within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions)
from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests
of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation
of an initial business combination. 

45 

Certain
of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our Sponsor after the consummation
of our initial public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide
whether to recommend a potential business combination to our public shareholders. 

Certain
of our officers and directors may own membership interests in our Sponsor and indirect interests in our Class B ordinary shares and private
placement warrants which may result in interests that differ from the economic interests of the investors in our initial public offering,
which includes making a determination of whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
initial business combination. There may be a potential conflict of interest between our officers and directors that hold membership interests
in our Sponsor and our public shareholders that may not be resolved in favor of our public shareholders. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership
of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds
outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors
may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

General
Risk Factors 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

46 

Our
warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results
and thus may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

On
April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting
and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff
Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants
may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. As a result of the SEC
Staff Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our 15,237,500 Public Warrants and 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants,
and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported
in earnings. 

As
a result, included on our condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2021 contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report are derivative
liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides for the remeasurement
of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting noncash gain or loss related to the change in the
fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial
statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring
fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the
amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our securities. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, 
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less
attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would
be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent
we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

47 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts
against our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may
be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed
and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders
derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

48 

We
have been advised by Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against
us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United
States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those
provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court
of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon
the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy
of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court
may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

An
investment in us may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

An
investment in us may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly
address instruments similar to the units we issued in our initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the
purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-half of a warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included
in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of
warrants included in the units we issued in our initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether
the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s) holding period for purposes of
determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital
gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing,
holding or disposing of our securities. 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify
for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

After
completion of our initial public offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards.
Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group
or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements,
including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
 the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
 charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

49 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary
shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception
and the timing of our initial business combination. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception
may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there
can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC
status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we
are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal
Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to
make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required
information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their
tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules with respect to their particular circumstances. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. This may require a shareholder or
warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which
its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant
holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership
of us after the reincorporation. 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect
such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

50 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations. 

51 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 515 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor - Suite 8078, New York, New York 10022. The cost for our use
of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative
and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our Sponsor operations. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

52 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market
 Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq. Our units commenced public trading on February 2, 2021 under
the symbol KRNL.U Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 26, 2021, under the symbols
 KRNL and KRNL.W, respectively. 

(b) 
 Holders 

As
of March 28, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, nine holders
of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance
 Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. 

On
November 19, 2020, our Original Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001. 

In
January 2021, we effected a 1 for 1.2 forward stock split of the founder shares that increased the number of outstanding founder shares
from 5,750,000 to 7,618,750 shares and our Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 75,000 founder shares to our independent directors
and an aggregate of 50,000 founder shares to our Former Advisors. 

On
February 2, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 30,475,000 units, including 3,975,000 units as a result of the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of
 304,750,000. 

Concurrently
with the closing of the initial public offering, our Original Sponsor purchased 8,750,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share generating gross proceeds of 8.75 million, in a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added
to the proceeds from the initial public offering held in the trust account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination
within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement
warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially similar to the warrants underlying the units issued
in the initial public offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination.
The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

53 

Use
of Proceeds 

In
connection with the initial public offering and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, we incurred offering costs
of approximately 17.4 million, of which approximately 10.7 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. Other incurred offering
costs consisted principally preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions
(excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated)
and the initial public offering expenses, approximately 304.8 million of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and certain
of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the initial public offering)
was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement
warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants as is described in our final prospectus related to our initial public offering. 

(g) 
 Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
to the Company, Kernel Group Holdings, Inc., Kernel, our, us or
 we refer to Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item 15. Financial Statements and the accompanying
notes and other data, all of which appear contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about
future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited
to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

54 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on November 10, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated
with emerging growth companies. 

Our
sponsor was Kernel Capital Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Original Sponsor ). The registration
statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 2, 2021. On February 5, 2021, we consummated our Initial
Public Offering of 30,475,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares ), including 3,975,000 additional Units to cover the underwriters over-allotment (the
 Over-Allotment Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately 304.8 million, and incurring offering
costs of approximately 17.4 million, of which approximately 10.7 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 8,750,000
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price
of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 8.8 million. 

On
December 28, 2022 (the Effective Date ), we entered into a purchase agreement with the Original Sponsor, and VKSS Capital,
LLC, a Delaware corporation (the New Sponsor or Sponsor ), pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or an entity
designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor 7,618,750 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share
and 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per
share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00 payable at the time we effect the initial Business Combination. Upon the closing of the
initial Business Combination, New Sponsor shall also convey 2,000,000 Class B ordinary shares to the equityholders of the Original Sponsor,
as of the Effective Date, pro rata based on the equityholders underlying interest in our Class B ordinary shares as of the Effective
Date. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately 304.8 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested only in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale
of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. Our initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination.
However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company. 

If
we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

55 

Charter
Amendment and Share Redemptions 

In
an extraordinary general meeting held on February 3, 2023, shareholders approved the Charter Amendment, changing the structure and cost
of the Company s right to extend the date (the Termination Date by which the Company must (i) consummate a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one
or more businesses (a business combination ), (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination,
and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s
initial public offering that closed on February 5, 2021 (the IPO which is currently February 5, 2023 unless extended.
The Charter Amendment allows the Company to extend the Termination Date by up to six (6) one-month extensions to August 5, 2023 (each
of which we refer to as an Extension , and such later date, the Extended Deadline provided that if any Extended
Deadline ends on a day that is not a business day, such Extended Deadline will be automatically extended to the next succeeding business
day. To obtain each 1-month extension, the Company, its Sponsor or any of their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Company s
Trust Fund with Continental by the deadline applicable prior to the extension the lesser of (x) 300,000 or (y) 0.06 per share for each
of the Company s publicly held shares outstanding as of the deadline prior to the extension (after giving effect to redemptions
in connection with the approval of the Charter Amendment by the Company s shareholders with respect to the first such extension).
In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Trust Amendment Proposal at the Shareholders Meeting, holders
of 22,848,122 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares exercised their right to redeem those
shares for cash at an approximate price of 10.15 per share, for an aggregate of approximately 231.9 million. Following the payment
of the redemptions, the Trust Account will have a balance of approximately 74.7 million before the Extension Payment. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
March 3, 2023, we entered into a business combination agreement by and among us, AIRO Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of us ParentCo ), Kernel Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ParentCo Kernel Merger Sub ), AIRO Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ParentCo AIRO
Merger Sub ), our Sponsor, Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria, in the capacity as the representative for our shareholders (the Seller
Representative ), and AIRO Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation AIRO Group Holdings (as may be amended
and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, we will
change our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a
corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication ). 

In
connection with the Domestication, each Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, shall convert into a share of Class B common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and each Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, shall convert into a share of Class
A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Further, each share of Class B common stock and each share of Class A common stock that
is then issued and outstanding shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one share of Kernel common stock (the Kernel
Common Stock ). 

Following
the domestication, the parties will effect the merger of Kernel Merger Sub with and into us, with us continuing as the surviving entity
as a wholly owned subsidiary of ParentCo (the First Merger ). Immediately following the First Merger, AIRO Merger Sub will
merge with and into AIRO Group Holdings , with AIRO Group Holdings continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of
ParentCo (the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, together, the
 Transaction ). 

As
consideration for the Second Merger, the holders of AIRO Group Holdings securities collectively shall be entitled to receive from
ParentCo, in the aggregate, a number of shares of ParentCo common stock with an aggregate value equal to (the AIRO Merger Consideration (a) 770,000,000 minus (b) the amount, if any, by which the net working capital is less than negative 500,000, plus (c) the amount,
if any, by which the net working capital exceeds 500,000 (but not less than zero), minus (d) the amount, if any, by which the closing
net debt exceeds the target net debt of 75,000,000, by more than 500,000 (but not less than zero), plus (e) the amount, if any, by
which the target net debt of 75,000,000 exceeds closing net debt, minus (f) the amount, if any, by which the company transaction expenses
exceed the target company transaction expenses of 14,000,000 (but not less than zero). In addition, holders of AIRO Group Holdings 
securities shall also be entitled to receive from ParentCo, in the aggregate, an additional shares of ParentCo common stock with an aggregate
value of up to 330,000,000 in the event that for any full 12-month period (each an Earnout Period commencing on or after
the Closing Date (the Earnout Start Date and ending on or before the last day of the thirteenth full calendar quarter
following the Closing Date (the Earnout End Date , and the period between the Earnout Start Date and the Earnout End Date,
the Earnout Eligibility Period ParentCo s revenue is (i) greater than or equal to 42,600,000 for the first time
during the Earnout Eligibility Period, (ii) greater than or equal to 141,400,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period,
and (iii) greater than or equal to 358,900,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period, then ParentCo shall issue to
each of the stockholders of AIRO Group Holdings such stockholder s pro rata share of Earnout Shares with a value equal to 66,000,000
and the Sponsor shall be issued Earnout Shares with a value equal to 6,600,000. In the event that ParentCo s EBITDA for any Earnout
Period is (i) greater than or equal to (19,300,000) for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period, (ii) greater than or equal
to 4,000,000 for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period and (iii) greater than or equal to 98,600,000 for the first time
during the Earnout Eligibility Period, then ParentCo shall issue to each of the stockholders of AIRO Group Holding such stockholder s
pro rata share of Earnout Shares with a value equal to 44,000,000 and the Sponsor shall be issued Earnout Shares with a value equal
to 4,400,000. 

56 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 93,000 in our operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 2.8 million. 

Our
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from Original Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in
exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of 77,000 from the Original Sponsor under the Note, and certain portion of
the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. We repaid approximately 13,000 of the Note
on February 5, 2021 and repaid the remaining amount due on the Note of approximately 64,000 on February 10, 2021. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

Management
has determined that the Company has access to funds from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period,
we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination
candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business
to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with our assessment of
going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
we have determined that the liquidity condition, the date of the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should we be required to liquidate after August 5, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary
if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
The specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these
financial statements. 

On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by
the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. On March 13, 2023, the FDIC announced that it had transferred all insured and uninsured deposits and substantially all assets
of SVB to a newly created, full-service FDIC-operated bridge bank called Silicon Valley Bank, N.A., where depositors would
have full access to their money beginning immediately. As of the date of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have access to and
control over all our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, notwithstanding the closure of Silicon Valley Bank. 

57 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for an initial Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues
until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 15.7 million, which consisted of approximately 4.5 million of
income from investments held in Trust Account and a non-operating gain of approximately 12.3 million resulting from the change in fair
value of derivative warrant liabilities, partially offset by approximately 1.0 million in general and administrative expenses and 120,000
related party administrative fees. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 15.2 million, which consisted of approximately 15,000 of interest
income from investments held in Trust Account and a non-operating gain of approximately 25.4 million resulting from the change in fair
value of derivative warrant liabilities, partially offset by approximately 3.6 million in general and administrative expenses, 110,000
related party administrative fees, approximately 5.2 million loss on issuance of Private Placement Warrants, and approximately 1.3
million in offering costs associated with issuance of warrants. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Founder
Shares 

On
November 19, 2020, the Original Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of
5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On January 11, 2021, we effected a 1 for 1.25 forward stock split
of the Founder Shares that increased the number of outstanding Founder Shares from 5,750,000 to 7,618,750 shares, and the Original Sponsor
transferred an aggregate of 75,000 Founder Shares to the independent directors and an aggregate of 50,000 Founder Shares to the Former
Advisors. On February 2, 2021, we effected a 1 for 1.06 forward stock split of the Founder Shares that increased the number of outstanding
Founder Shares from 7,618,750 to 7,618,750 shares and resulted in the Original Sponsor holding 7,493,750 Founder Shares. The Original
Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 993,750 Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was
not exercised in full by the underwriters or was reduced, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of our issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 5, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these
993,750 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On
December 28, 2022 (the Effective Date ), we entered into a purchase agreement with the Original Sponsor, and VKSS Capital,
LLC, a Delaware corporation (the New Sponsor or Sponsor ), pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or an entity
designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor 7,618,750 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share
and 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per
share, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.00 payable at the time we effect the initial Business Combination. Upon the closing of the
initial Business Combination, New Sponsor shall also convey 2,000,000 Class B ordinary shares to the equityholders of the Original Sponsor,
as of the Effective Date, pro rata based on the equityholders underlying interest in our Class B ordinary shares as of the Effective
Date. 

58 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price
of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 8.8 million. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Original Sponsor transferred all Private Placement Warrants to the New Sponsor. 

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will
expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they
are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The
Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement
Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Related
Party Loans 

On
November 19, 2020, the Original Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed 77,000 outstanding under the Note. We repaid approximately 13,000 on February 5, 2021 and
repaid the remaining amount of approximately 64,000 on February 10, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available
to us. 

In
addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up
to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or
its liquidation, we agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 120,000 and 110,000, respectively, in expenses in connection with such services, of which
 170,000 and 50,000, respectively, were outstanding and included in related party accrued expenses as reflected in the accompanying
balance sheets. 

Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and
any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) were entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these
securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the
holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. 

59 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the final date of the prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up
to 3,975,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 5, 2021,
the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, approximately 6.1 million in the aggregate, paid upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 10.7 million in the aggregate will be payable
to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Derivative
Warrant Liabilities 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities
or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The
warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities
in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments
to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. The
fair value of warrants issued in connection with the Private Placement has been estimated using a modified Black-Scholes model at each
balance sheet date before December 2022 and subsequently been measured by using the market value of the public warrants. The fair value
of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering was initially measured using a Monte-Carlo simulation and subsequently
has been measured based on the market price at each measurement date when separately listed and traded. The determination of the fair
value of the derivative liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results
could differ significantly. Derivative liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected
to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments
and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption
rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within
our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity.
Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of Initial Public Offering, we had 30,475,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption, that are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity (deficit) section of our balance sheets. 

60 

We
recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent
available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income per Ordinary Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares. This presentation assumes a business combination as the most likely outcome.Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated
by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The
calculation of diluted net income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants to purchase 23,987,500 Class A ordinary shares in calculation of diluted income per
share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method.
As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair
value. 

We
have considered the effect of Class B ordinary shares that were excluded from weighted average number as they were contingent on the
exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, we have included these shares in the weighted
average number as of the beginning of the interim period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale
Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity
security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that
are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for us in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for
issuance. we are still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the financial statements. 

Our
management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted,
would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

JOBS
Act 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain
reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act
are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result,
the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company
effective dates. 

61 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment,
management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

62 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Suren
 Ajjarapu 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Howard
 Doss 
 
 69 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Michael
 Peterson 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Donald
 Fell 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 Venkatesh
 Srinivasan 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Siva
 Saravanan 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Suren
Ajjarapu , our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of
Trxade Group, Inc., (NASDAQ: MEDS) a Delaware corporation, and its predecessor company since July 2010 and is a director of Oceantech
Acquisition I Corp., traded on Nasdaq under the symbol OTECU. From 2021, Mr. Ajjarapu served as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that consummated its initial business combination
in February 2023. Mr. Ajjarapu is currently serving as a director of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: OCEA) (f.k.a
Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.). Since March 2018, Mr. Ajjarapu has served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Kano Energy Corp.,
a company involved in the development of renewable natural gas sites in the United States. Mr. Ajjarapu was a Founder and served as Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Sansur Renewable Energy, Inc., a company involved in developing wind power sites in the
Midwest of the United States, from March 2009 to December 2012. Mr. Ajjarapu was also a Founder, President and Director of Aemetis, Inc.,
a biofuels company (NASDAQ: AMTX), and a Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Biofuels, a subsidiary of Aemetis,
Inc., from January 2006 to March 2009. Mr. Ajjarapu was Co-Founder, Chief Operations Officer, and Director of Global Information Technology,
Inc., an IT outsourcing and systems design company, headquartered in Tampa, Florida with major operations in India. Mr. Ajjarapu graduated
from South Dakota State University with a M.S. in Environmental Engineering, and from the University of South Florida with an M.B.A.,
specializing in International Finance and Management. Mr. Ajjarapu is also a graduate of the Venture Capital and Private Equity program
at Harvard University. 

Howard
Doss , our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, is a seasoned chief financial officer and accountant. From
2021, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, until it consummated
its initial business combination in February 2023. He has also served as chief financial officer of TRxADE HEALTH, INC., an online marketplace
for health traded on Nasdaq under the symbol MEDS. Mr. Doss has served in a variety of capacities with accounting and investment
firms. He joined the staff of Seidman Seidman (BDO Seidman, Dallas) in 1977 and, in 1980, he joined the investment firm Van Kampen
Investments, opening the firm s southeast office in Tampa, Florida in 1982. He remained with the firm until 1996 when he joined
Franklin Templeton to develop corporate retirement plan distribution. After working for the Principal Financial Group office in Tampa,
Florida, Mr. Doss was City Executive for U.S. Trust in Sarasota, Florida, responsible for high net worth individuals. He retired from
that position in 2009. He served as CFO and Director for Sansur Renewable Energy an alternative energy development company, from 2010
to 2012. Mr. Doss has also served as President of STARadio Corp. since 2005. Mr. Doss is a member of the America Institute of CPA s.
He is a graduate of Illinois Wesleyan University. 

63 

Michael
Peterson , a member of our board of directors, commenced serving as President, Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board
of Directors of Lafayette Energy Corp. in April 2022. In addition, Mr. Peterson is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech
Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). From September 2021 Mr. Peterson served as a member of the Board of Directors,
Audit Committee (Chair), Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp.
(Nasdaq:AEHA), a special purpose acquisition company, that consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. Mr. Peterson
is currently serving as a director of the merged company, Ocean Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: OCEA) (f.k.a Aesther Healthcare Acquisition
Corp.). Mr. Peterson has served as the president of Nevo Motors, Inc. since December 2020, which was established to commercialize a range
extender generator technology for the heavy-duty electric vehicle market but is currently non-operational. Since May 2022, Mr. Peterson
has served as a member of the Board of Directors and as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of Trio Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas
exploration and development company which is in the process of going public, since February 2021, Mr. Peterson has served on the board
of directors and as the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Indonesia Energy Corporation Limited (NYSE American: INDO). Mr. Peterson previously
served as the president of the Taipei Taiwan Mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in Taipei, Taiwan from June
2018 to June 2021. Mr. Peterson served as an independent member of the Board of Directors of TRxADE HEALTH, Inc. (formerly Trxade Group,
Inc.) from August 2016 to May 2021 (Nasdaq:MEDS). Mr. Peterson served as the Chief Executive Officer of PEDEVCO Corp. (NYSE American:PED),
a public company engaged primarily in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas shale plays in
the US from May 2016 to May 2018. Mr. Peterson served as Chief Financial Officer of PEDEVCO between July 2012 and May 2016, and as Executive
Vice President of Pacific Energy Development (PEDEVCO s predecessor) from July 2012 to October 2014, and as PEDEVCO s President
from October 2014 to May 2018. Mr. Peterson joined Pacific Energy Development as its Executive Vice President in September 2011, assumed
the additional office of Chief Financial Officer in June 2012, and served as a member of its board of directors from July 2012 to September
2013. Mr. Peterson formerly served as Interim President and CEO (from June 2009 to December 2011) and as director (from May 2008 to December
2011) of Pacific Energy Development, as a director (from May 2006 to July 2012) of Aemetis, Inc. (formerly AE Biofuels Inc.), a Cupertino,
California-based global advanced biofuels and renewable commodity chemicals company (NASDAQ:AMTX), and as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Nevo Energy, Inc. (NEVE) (formerly Solargen Energy, Inc.), a Cupertino, California-based developer of utility-scale solar
farms which he helped form in December 2008 (from December 2008 to July 2012). From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Peterson served as a managing partner
of American Institutional Partners, a venture investment fund based in Salt Lake City. From 2000 to 2004, he served as a First Vice President
at Merrill Lynch, where he helped establish a new private client services division to work exclusively with high-net-worth investors.
From September 1989 to January 2000, Mr. Peterson was employed by Goldman Sachs Co. in a variety of positions and roles, including
as a Vice President. Mr. Peterson received his MBA at the Marriott School of Management and a BS in statistics/computer science from
Brigham Young University. 

Donald
Fell , a member of our board of directors, brings along a wealth of experience in the field of economics and business to the
Company. In addition, Mr. Fell is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). Mr. Fell served as
an independent director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from 2021 until it
consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. Mr. Fell has served as an independent director of TRxADE HEALTH, INC
since January 2014, as well as a director of Trxade Nevada since December 2013. He is presently Professor and Institute Director for
the Davis, California-based Foundation for Teaching Economics and adjunct professor of economics for the University of Colorado,
Colorado Springs. Mr. Fell held positions with the University of South Florida as a member of the Executive MBA faculty, Director of
Executive and Professional Education and Senior Fellow of the Public Policy Institute from 1995 to 2012. Mr. Fell was also a
visiting professor at the University of LaRochelle, France, and an adjunct professor of economics at both Illinois State University
and The Ohio State University. Mr. Fell holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in economics from Indiana State University and is
all but dissertation (ABD) in economics from Illinois State University. Through his work with the Foundation for Teaching Economics
and the University of Colorado, Colorado Springs he has overseen graduate institutes on economic policy and environmental economics
in 44 states, throughout Canada, the Islands and Eastern Europe. 

Venkatesh
Srinivasan , a member of our board of directors, has a tremendous amount of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and currently
serves as President of Micro Labs USA and previously served as President of Rising Pharma, USA and as President and CEO of Ascend Laboratories,
USA where he grew the business, building a new team and strengthening processes and systems. Mr. Srinvisan is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech Acquisition
I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). In addition, Mr. Srinivasan served as a
Director at Pfizer India. Mr. Mr. Venkatesh Srinivasan served as an independent director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special
purpose acquisition company, from 2021 until it consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. 

64 

Siva
Saravanan , a member of our board of directors, has more than 20 years of experience steering digital strategies and technology solutions
for businesses. Mr. Saravanan is the Chief Digital Officer at Wavestone US, helping Fortune 1000 business and technology leaders accelerate
digital transformation. Prior to joining Wavestone US, Siva was Chief Information Officer and SVP of Business Operations at Reviver,
an exciting IoT start-up that creates connected digital license plates to enable true autonomous driving. He designed customer digital
experiences, unified commerce, supply chain, field service operations and the digital agenda for Reviver. Siva was also VP for IT Digital
Transformation and Program Delivery at Aristocrat Technologies. While at Aristocrat Technologies, he led the transformation of business
systems for a leading high-tech gaming manufacturer. Siva spent many years at Verifone as a Senior Director supporting technology operations
in 40+ countries and also taking on delivery responsibilities. At VeriFone, he built a world-class global integrated supply chain network
for agility and efficiency. Mr. Saravanan holds a M.S. in Systems Engineering from Tennessee State University and B.S in Mechanical Engineering
from Annamalai University in Chidambaram, India. He is also on the Advisory Board of NishTech Inc., a digital commerce company and the
Advisory Council of George Washington University School of Business Digital Program. Siva is a member of Forbes Technology Council contributing
regularly. Mr. Siva Saravanan served as an independent director of Aesther Healthcare Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company, from 2021 until it consummated its initial business combination in February 2023. In addition, Mr. Fell is currently serving as a Director of OceanTech Acquisition I Corp (NASDAQ: OTEC). 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Venkatesh Srinivas and Siva Srinivasan, will expire at our
first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Michael Peterson and Donald Fell, will
expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Suren Ajjarapu will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation
of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as
the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers
may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Michael
Peterson, Donald Fell, Venkatesh Srinivasan and Siva Saravanan are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing
standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our
securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we
will reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in
the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

65 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to
phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a
listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require
that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Peterson, Mr. Fell and Mr. Saravanan will serve on our audit committee.
Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Peterson, Mr. Fell and Mr. Saravanan are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Ms. Peterson serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. 

Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the
audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Peterson qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The
audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting
 with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and
 control systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

66 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
 the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements
 between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing
 or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately
 taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering;
 and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any
 payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
 or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Nominating
Committee 

We
have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee will be Mr. Fell, Mr. Peterson
and Mr. Saravanan, and Mr. Fell serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to
have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors determined that Mr. Fell, Mr. Peterson
and Mr. Saravanan are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. 

The
nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating
committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be
nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring
 a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

67 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be
nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring
 a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Fell, Mr. Peterson
and Mr. Saravanan, and Mr. Fell serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Under
the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board
of directors has determined that Mr. Fell, Mr. Peterson and Mr. Saravanan are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards. 

We
will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial
 Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial Officer s
 performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

68 

The
charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and
the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without
charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
 and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at shareholder meetings. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to
other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from
engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

69 

In
addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may
pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies,
businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not
believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations
or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Suren
 Ajjarapu 
 
 Oceantech
 Acquisitions I Corp. 
 
 Special
 Purpose Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Director 

TRxADE
 HEALTH, INC. 
 
 Health
 services IT company 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 Chairman
 and Secretary 

Kano
 Energy Corp. 
 
 Renewable
 natural gas 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 
 Howard
 Doss 
 
 TRxADE
 HEALTH, INC. 
 
 Health
 services IT company 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

STARadio
 Corp. 
 
 Radio
 Broadcast Company 
 
 President 

Oceantech
 Acquisitions I Corp. 
 
 Special
 Purpose Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Director 

Michael
 Peterson 
 
 Nevo
 Motors, Inc. 
 
 Commercializing
 a range-extender generator technology for the heavy-duty electric vehicle market 
 
 President 

Indonesia
 Energy Corporation Limited 
 
 Oil
 and Gas Company 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of Audit Committee 
 
 Venkatesh
 Srinivasan 
 
 Micro
 Labs USA 
 
 Pharmaceutical
 Company 
 
 President 

Oceantech
 Acquisitions I Corp. 
 
 Special
 Purpose Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Director 

Donald
 Fell 
 
 Foundation
 for Teaching Economics 

Workshop
 and educational 
 resource
 company 
 
 Professor
 and Institute Director 

University
 of Colorado, Colorado Springs 
 
 University 
 
 Adjunct
 Professor 

TRxADE
 HEALTH, INC. 
 
 Health
 services IT company 
 
 Independent
 Director, Chair of 

Oceantech
 Acquisitions I Corp. 
 
 Special
 Purpose Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Director 

Siva
 Saravanan 
 
 Wavestone
 US 
 
 Management
 and Digital Consulting 
 
 Chief
 Digital Officer and Managing Director 

NishTech
 Inc. 
 
 Content
 Management and Digital Marketing 
 
 Advisory
 Board Member 

Oceantech
 Acquisitions I Corp. 
 
 Special
 Purpose Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Director 

70 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of
 interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, on
 the other hand. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each
 of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he is entitled to substantial compensation
 and has substantial time commitments, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number
 of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our
 Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of
 our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
 the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
 if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months (or 30 months, subject to six one-month extensions) from
 the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class
 A ordinary shares. 

Additionally,
our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if
we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our
directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following
the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or
warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check
companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our Sponsor,
officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

71 

Furthermore,
in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, we will also reimburse our Sponsor or
an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented
in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In
such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of
our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the
maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud,
willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they
are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will
only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business
combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

72 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our
securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation,
we will reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us
in the amount of 10,000 per month. Pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement we may make payments or reimbursements to our Sponsor,
or their respective affiliates, for the reasonable salaries and other allocable costs of their employees or consultants, who may include
our officers or directors. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 28, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary share; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

73 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 7,447,222 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are
underlying the units) and 7,618,750 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of March 28, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe
that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned
by them. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially
by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together
as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B Ordinary Shares (2) 
 Approximate

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner) 
 Number
 of Shares
 Beneficially
 Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage
 of
 Class 
 Number
 of Shares
 Beneficially
 Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage
 of
 Class 
 Percentage
 of Outstanding
 Ordinary
 Shares 
 
 VKSS
 Capital, LLC (1)(3) 

7,493,750 
 98.4 
 49.7 
 
 Suren
 Ajjarapu (1)(3) 

Howard
 Doss (1) 

Michael
 Peterson (1) 

Donald
 Fell (1) 

Srinivas
 Venkatesh (1) 

Siva
 Srinivasan 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 

7,493,750 
 89.4 
 49.7 
 
 Other
 5 Shareholders 

Glazer
 Capital, LLC (4) 

3,032,031 

39.8 

19.9 

Saba
 Capital Management, L.P. (5) 
 1,575,610 
 20.1 

10.3 
 
 Boaz
 R. Weinstein (5) 
 1,575,610 
 20.1 

10.3 
 
 Saba
 Capital Management GP, LLC (5) 
 1,575,610 
 20.1 

10.3 
 
 Fir
 Tree Capital Management LP (6) 
 1,678,987 
 22.0 

11.0 
 
 Aristeia
 Capital, L.L.C. (7) 
 1,867,000 
 24.5 

12.2 
 
 Radcliffe
 Capital Management, L.P (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 
 
 RGC
 Management Company, LLC (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 
 
 Steven
 B. Katznelson (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 
 
 Christopher
 Hinkel (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 
 
 Radcliffe
 SPAC Master Fund, L.P. (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 
 
 Radcliffe
 SPAC GP, LLC (8) 
 527,364 
 6.9 

3.5 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Kernel Group Holdings, Inc., 515 Madison
 Avenue, Suite 8133, New York, NY 10022. 
 
 (2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares are convertible into Class A ordinary
 shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 
 
 (3) 
 Represents
 shares held by VKSS Capital, LLC, our Sponsor. Suren Ajjarapu is the managing member of our Sponsor and may be deemed to have beneficial
 ownership of the ordinary shares held directly by our Sponsor. Suren Ajjarapu disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported
 shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 
 
 (4) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022, on behalf of Glazer Capital, LLC. The business address of this shareholder is
2 Rousseau Street, San Francisco, California 94112. 

(5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022, on behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., Boaz R. Weinstein and Saba Capital
 Management GP, LLC. The business address of these shareholders is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 
 
 (6) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, on behalf of Fir Tree Capital Management LP. The business address of this
 shareholder is 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036. 
 
 (7) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, on behalf of Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. The business address of this shareholder
 is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 
 
 (8) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 8, 2023, on behalf of Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., RGC Management Company,
 LLC, Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P., Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC. The business address of
 these shareholders is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

The
table above does not include the ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants held or to be held by our Sponsor because
these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of the record date for the Extraordinary General Meeting. 

74 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

Founder
Shares 

On
November 19, 2020, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000
Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On January 11, 2021, we effected a 1 for 1.25 forward stock split of the
Founder Shares that increased the number of outstanding Founder Shares from 5,750,000 to 7,187,500 shares, and the Sponsor transferred
an aggregate of 75,000 Founder Shares to the independent directors and an aggregate of 50,000 Founder Shares to the Former Advisors.
On February 2, 2021, the Company effected a 1 for 1.06 forward stock split of the Founder Shares that increased the number of outstanding
Founder Shares from 7,187,500 to 7,618,750 shares and resulted in the Sponsor holding 7,493,750 Founder Shares. The Sponsor agreed to
forfeit up to an aggregate of 993,750 Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in
full by the underwriters or was reduced, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the
Initial Public Offering. On February 5, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these 993,750 Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 8,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price
of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 8.8 million. 

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will
expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they
are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The
Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement
Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

75 

Related
Party Loans 

On
November 19, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. We borrowed 77,000 outstanding under the Note. We repaid approximately 13,000 on February 5, 2021 and repaid
the remaining amount of approximately 64,000 on February 10, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available
to us. 

In
addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up
to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or
its liquidation, we agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 120,000 and 110,000, respectively, in expenses in connection with such services, of which
 170,000 and 50,000, respectively, were outstanding and included in related party accrued expenses as reflected in the accompanying
balance sheets. 

Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and
any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) were entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these
securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the
holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the final date of the prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up
to 3,975,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 5, 2021,
the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, approximately 6.1 million in the aggregate, paid upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 10.7 million in the aggregate will be payable
to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

76 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors will adopt a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related
party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated
by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or
proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already
committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related
party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from
voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some
or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction,
the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The
firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees
paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit and review of our financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees for WithumSmith+Brown, PC for
audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 110,024 and 145,965,
respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of the financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid WithumSmith+Brown, PC tax fees of 4,160 and 3,605, respectively. 

All
Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did
not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees. 

77 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

(2) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Company s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the sponsor.(1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 iXBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 iXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 iXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 iXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 iXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 iXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the iXBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021. 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

78 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 29, 2023 
 KERNEL
 GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

/s/
 Suren Ajjarapu 

Name: 
 Suren
Ajjarapu 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Suren Ajjarapu 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Suren
 Ajjarapu 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Howard Doss 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Howard
 Doss 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Peterson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Peterson 

/s/
 Donald Fell 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Donald
 Fell 

/s/
 Venkatesh Srinivasan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Venkatesh
 Srinivasan 

/s/
 Siva Saravanan 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Siva
 Saravanan 

79 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Kernel
Group Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by August 5, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
29, 2023 

 PCAOB
Number 

F- 2 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Ordinary shares 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Administrative fees - related party 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on issuance of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 

Offering costs associated with issuance of warrants 
 - 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per Class A ordinary share 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per Class B ordinary share 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Increase in Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on issuance of Private Placement Warrants 
 - 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Offering costs associated with issuance of warrants 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 
 - 

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 - 

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 - 

Proceeds received from private placement 
 - 

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the year 
 
 - 
 
 Cash - end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including additional Units to cover
the underwriters over-allotment (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately
 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting
commissions (see Note 5). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 
warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price
of per Private Placement Warrant with the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). 

On
December 28, 2022 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a purchase agreement with the Original Sponsor, and VKSS
Capital, LLC, a Delaware corporation (the New Sponsor or Sponsor ), pursuant to which the New Sponsor, or
an entity designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par
value per share and Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
of the Company, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of payable at the time the Company effects the initial
Business Combination. Upon the closing of the initial Business Combination, New Sponsor shall also convey Class B ordinary
shares to the equityholders of the Original Sponsor, as of the Effective Date, pro rata based on the equityholders underlying
interest in the Company s Class B ordinary shares as of the Effective Date (see Note 4). 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately million per Unit) of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and has been invested in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), as amended,
or the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company will provide its holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a
portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to
approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).
The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value
and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority
of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will,
pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a Public Shareholder on the record date
for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) prior to this Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business
Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public
Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the New Sponsor. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a Public Shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public
Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Company s New Sponsor, officers and directors agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within 30 months (including six month extension) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 5, 2023, (the Combination
Period or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to 
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the
board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

In
connection with the redemption of of the Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust
Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes
payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

The
Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial
Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their
deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per
share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution in the Trust Account will be less than the per share initially
held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the New Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to
the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business
combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the New Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the New Sponsor will
have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
There can be no guarantee that the Company will be successful in obtaining such waivers from its targeted vendors and service providers. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target
company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of
the date of these financial statements. 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately
 million. 

The
Company s liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution of from Original Sponsor to cover for certain
expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of from the Original Sponsor under the Note (see Note 4),
and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company repaid approximately 
of the Note on February 5, 2021 and repaid the remaining amount due on the Note of approximately on February 10, 2021. In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4).
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

Management
has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing.
Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective
initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with
the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition, the date of the mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 5, 2023. The financial statements
do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete
a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another
public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

and investments held in Trust Account.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not
exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

KERNEL GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, that are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit
section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Under
ASC 480-10S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying
value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to
the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Class A ordinary shares in calculation of diluted
income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the
treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share
as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The
Company has considered the effect of Class B ordinary shares that were excluded from weighted average number as they were contingent
on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, the Company included these shares
in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the interim period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Allocation of net income - diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding, diluted 

Basic net income per ordinary share 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its
position. 

There
is currently no taxation imposed on income by the government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations,
income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, including Over-Allotment Units,
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million,
of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Each
Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public
Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 8). 

for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance
of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On January 11, 2021, the Company effected a of the Founder Shares that increased the number of outstanding Founder Shares from to shares, and the
Original Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares to the independent directors and an aggregate of Founder Shares
to the Former Advisors. On February 2, 2021, the Company effected a 1 for forward stock split of the Founder Shares that increased
the number of outstanding Founder Shares from to shares and resulted in the Original Sponsor holding Founder
Shares. The Original Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase
additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters or was reduced, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 5, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised
its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after
the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of
the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading-day period commencing at least days after the initial
Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or
other property. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with the Original Sponsor, and the New Sponsor, pursuant to which the
New Sponsor, or an entity designated by the New Sponsor, will purchase from the Original Sponsor Class B ordinary shares of
the Company, par value per share and Private Placement Warrants, each of which is exercisable to purchase one Class
A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share, for an aggregate purchase price of payable at the time the Company
effects the initial Business Combination. Upon the closing of the initial Business Combination, New Sponsor shall also convey 
Class B ordinary shares to the equityholders of the Original Sponsor, as of the Effective Date, pro rata based on the equityholders 
underlying interest in the Company s Class B ordinary shares as of the Effective Date. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated a private placement (the Private Placement of
 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant with the Original Sponsor, generating gross proceeds
of approximately million. 

On
December 28, 2022, the Original Sponsor transferred all Private Placement Warrants to the New Sponsor. 

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Original Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as
they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of
their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Related
Party Loans 

On
November 19, 2020, the Original Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for the payment of costs related to the
Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due
upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed outstanding under the Note. The Company repaid approximately
 on February 5, 2021 and repaid the remaining amount of approximately on February 10, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment,
the facility was no longer available to the Company. 

In
addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company
funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may
be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may
use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account
would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants
of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business
Combination or its liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor per month for office space, administrative and support
services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and for such services, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were outstanding, respectively, and included in accrued expenses related
party as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

In
addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due
diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the
Company to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or the Company s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business
Combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred
approximately and of expenses in connection with compliance services with related party, respectively. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were approximately and outstanding, respectively, included in accrued expenses related party
as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

demands, excluding
short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriters a -day option from the final date of the prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase
up to additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 5,
2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit, approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable
to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration
under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th
day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the
above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares
held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z)
the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of warrants when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except (i)
that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions,
(ii) except as described below, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or such
its permitted transferees and (iii) the Sponsor or its permitted transferees will have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants
on a cashless basis and have certain registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor
or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds : 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private
Placement Warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per
 share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
 the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The
Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class
A ordinary shares is available throughout the -day redemption period. 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds : 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
 their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference
 to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares; 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days
 within the -trading-day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders;
 and 

if
 the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading-day period ending on the third trading
 day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as
 adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public
 Warrants, as described above. 

The
 fair market value of Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of Class
A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than
 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

In
no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such
funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust
Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value
of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and are classified
outside of permanent equity in the balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share.
Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and included as temporary equity
(see Note 7). 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class
B Ordinary Shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share.
On November 19, 2020, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor. On January 11, 2021, the Company effected
a 1 for forward stock split of the Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding.
On February 2, 2021, the Company effected a 1 for forward stock split of the Class B ordinary shares that increased the number of
outstanding Class B ordinary shares from to shares. Of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding, up to 
Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was
not exercised in full or in part, so that the Class B ordinary shares would collectively represent of the Company s issued
and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 5, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment
option thus, these Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. There were shares issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Class
A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be
voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote
together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination at a
ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on
an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial
Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination
and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than to one. 

- 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities - private placement warrants 
 - 
 
 - 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Fair Value Measured as of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account - money market fund 
 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - public warrants 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities - private placement warrants 
 - 
 - 

Warrant liabilities 
 - 
 - 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred
from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement, upon trading of the Public Warrants in an active market in March 2021.
The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement
in December 2022, as the Black-Scholes model used historically did not produce a meaningful result, the Company determined that the fair
value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. There were no other transfers during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Level
1 assets include investments in money market funds that invest solely in U.S. Treasury securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual
trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of
its investments. 

For
periods where no observable traded price was available, the fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public
Offering, the Company utilized a binomial Monte-Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of the public warrants at each reporting
period and Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model to estimate the fair value of the private warrants at each reporting period, with changes
in fair value recognized in the statements of operations. 

Public Warrants transfer to Level 1 

- 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Private Placement Warrants transfer to Level 2 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 
 - 

The
estimated fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte-Carlo simulation and
Black-Scholes Option Pricing model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate
and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility of select peer companies
that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates
remaining at zero. Any changes in these assumptions can change the valuation significantly. Significant increases (decreases) in the
expected volatility in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

Stock Price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

KERNEL
GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Charter
Amendment 

On
February 3, 2023, or per share for each of the Company s publicly
held shares outstanding as of the deadline prior to the extension. The Company has deposited an aggregate of into the Trust
Account, representing per public share remaining outstanding after the redemptions described below. 

In
connection with the shareholders meeting, shareholders holding Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem
those shares for cash at an approximate price of per share for an aggregate of approximately million. Following the payment
of the redemptions, approximately million was left in the Trust Account before the extension payment. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
March 3, 2023, the Company entered into Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, AIRO Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ParentCo ), Kernel Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of ParentCo Kernel Merger Sub ), AIRO Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of ParentCo AIRO Merger Sub ), the Company s Sponsor, Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria, in the capacity as the representative
for the Company shareholders (the Seller Representative ), and AIRO Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation AIRO
Group Holdings (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ), pursuant
to which, among other things, the Company will change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication ). 

In
connection with the Domestication, per share, of the Company (the Class B Ordinary
Shares shall convert into a share of Class B common stock, par value per share, of the Company and each Class A ordinary
share, par value per share, of the Company (the Class A Ordinary Shares shall convert into a share of Class A
common stock, par value per share, of the Company. Further, each share of Class B common stock of the Company and each share
of Class A common stock of the Company that is then issued and outstanding shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into
one share of the Company s common stock (the Kernel Common Stock ). 

Following
the domestication, the parties will effect the merger of Kernel Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as
the surviving entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of ParentCo (the First Merger ). Immediately following the First Merger,
AIRO Merger Sub will merge with and into AIRO Group Holdings , with AIRO Group Holdings continuing as the surviving entity as a wholly
owned subsidiary of ParentCo (the Second Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement,
together, the Transaction ). 

Working Capital Loans 

During January and March 2023, the Company entered
into loan agreements with eight investors and the Sponsor. Pursuant to the loan agreements, the investors loaned the Sponsor a total of
 750,000, which will in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover a portion of the extension fees with any balance to be
used for the Company s working capital. The loan accrues 8 interest per annum and shall be repaid upon closing the initial Business
Combination. The Company intends to pay all principal under the loans and shall not be responsible for the payment of any interest on
the loans. 

On March 23, 2023, the Company entered into a subscription
agreement with an investor and the Sponsor. Pursuant to the agreement, the investor loaned the Sponsor a total of 600,000, which will
in turn be loaned by the Sponsor to the Company, to cover the Company s working capital. The loan shall not accrue interest and
shall be repaid upon closing the initial Business Combination. 

In consideration of the loan, the Company will issue 600,000 shares of
Class A common stock to the investor at the close of the Business Combination. The subscription shares shall be subject to no transfer
restrictions of any other lock-up provisions, earn outs, or other contingencies. 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference
shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information
that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described
below under Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants . Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder
may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may
be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The
units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Prior
to the closing of our initial public offering, there were 7,618,750 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were
held of record by Kernel Capital Holdings, LLC (the Original Sponsor ), so that our initial shareholders would own 20 of
our issued and outstanding shares following the completion of our initial public offering. Upon the closing of our initial public offering,
38,093,750 of our ordinary shares were outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) including: 

30,475,000
 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units offered in our initial public offering; and 

7,618,750
 Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described
below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of
our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will
require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that
are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination
to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors.
We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.
Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by
holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority
of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public
share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify
itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them
in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this
offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank
check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and
provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not
required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the
same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s
proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy
and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation
of our sponsor, officers, directors, Advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and
outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days notice will be given of any
shareholder meeting. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares
will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material
loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption
distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares
in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented
in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In
such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of
our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their
public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

The
shareholders of the Company approved the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company
(the Charter Amendment at the February 3, 2023 Shareholders Meeting, changing the structure and cost of the Company s
right to extend the date (the Termination Date by which the Company must (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a
 business combination ), (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or
repurchase 100 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public
offering that closed on February 5, 2021 (the IPO ). The Charter Amendment allows the Company to extend the Termination
Date by up to six (6) one-month extensions to August 5, 2023 (each of which we refer to as an Extension , and such later
date, the Extended Deadline ). To obtain each 1-month extension, the Company, its sponsor or any of their affiliates or
designees must deposit into the Company s Trust Fund with Continental by the deadline applicable prior to the extension the lesser
of (x) 300,000 or (y) 0.06 per share for each of the Company s publicly held shares outstanding as of the deadline prior to the
extension. If we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Deadline, we will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of
directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered
into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations
described herein. 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units that were offered in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights
as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right
to vote on the election of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for
any reason; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and
each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination by the Extended Deadline or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Extended Deadline (although they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at
the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder
shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are
voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their
founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class
A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option
of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will
equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon
completion of this offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and
any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working
capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor and our directors, advisory board members and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the
lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and
executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion
of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any
reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution
passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including
any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of
our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and entered therein are: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered
 as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members is deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members.
Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us.
The shareholders recorded in the register of members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there
are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register
of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members
maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position.
If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity
of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference
Shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares
with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and
could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference
shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure
you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant
may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business
combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be
obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise
has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of
the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised
warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A
ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities
Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not
listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product
of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as
defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value 
as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending
on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
 the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public
 Shareholders Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three
 trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We
will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary
shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number
of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Warrants-Public Shareholders 
Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice
is issued. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
 their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below,
 based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as
 otherwise described below; 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments
 to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Warrants-Public
 Shareholders Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three
 trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if
 the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading
 day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted
 for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading
 -Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also
 be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning
on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive
upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market
value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and
such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class
A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set
forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the
10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into
which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business
combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The
share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will
equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares
deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same
time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of
an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices
in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which
is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading -Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price
of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption
 Date 
 
 Fair
 Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 (period
 to expiration of warrants) 

11.00 
 
 12.00 
 
 13.00 
 
 14.00 
 
 15.00 
 
 16.00 
 
 17.00 
 
 > 18.00 
 
 60
 months 
 
 0.261 
 
 0.281 
 
 0.297 
 
 0.311 
 
 0.324 
 
 0.337 
 
 0.348 
 
 0.358 
 
 0.361 
 
 57
 months 
 
 0.257 
 
 0.277 
 
 0.294 
 
 0.310 
 
 0.324 
 
 0.337 
 
 0.348 
 
 0.358 
 
 0.361 
 
 54
 months 
 
 0.252 
 
 0.272 
 
 0.291 
 
 0.307 
 
 0.322 
 
 0.335 
 
 0.347 
 
 0.357 
 
 0.361 
 
 51
 months 
 
 0.246 
 
 0.268 
 
 0.287 
 
 0.304 
 
 0.320 
 
 0.333 
 
 0.346 
 
 0.357 
 
 0.361 
 
 48
 months 
 
 0.241 
 
 0.263 
 
 0.283 
 
 0.301 
 
 0.317 
 
 0.332 
 
 0.344 
 
 0.356 
 
 0.361 
 
 45
 months 
 
 0.235 
 
 0.258 
 
 0.279 
 
 0.298 
 
 0.315 
 
 0.330 
 
 0.343 
 
 0.356 
 
 0.361 
 
 42
 months 
 
 0.228 
 
 0.252 
 
 0.274 
 
 0.294 
 
 0.312 
 
 0.328 
 
 0.342 
 
 0.355 
 
 0.361 
 
 39
 months 
 
 0.221 
 
 0.246 
 
 0.269 
 
 0.290 
 
 0.309 
 
 0.325 
 
 0.340 
 
 0.354 
 
 0.361 
 
 36
 months 
 
 0.213 
 
 0.239 
 
 0.263 
 
 0.285 
 
 0.305 
 
 0.323 
 
 0.339 
 
 0.353 
 
 0.361 
 
 33
 months 
 
 0.205 
 
 0.232 
 
 0.257 
 
 0.280 
 
 0.301 
 
 0.320 
 
 0.337 
 
 0.352 
 
 0.361 
 
 30
 months 
 
 0.196 
 
 0.224 
 
 0.250 
 
 0.274 
 
 0.297 
 
 0.316 
 
 0.335 
 
 0.351 
 
 0.361 
 
 27
 months 
 
 0.185 
 
 0.214 
 
 0.242 
 
 0.268 
 
 0.291 
 
 0.313 
 
 0.332 
 
 0.350 
 
 0.361 
 
 24
 months 
 
 0.173 
 
 0.204 
 
 0.233 
 
 0.260 
 
 0.285 
 
 0.308 
 
 0.329 
 
 0.348 
 
 0.361 
 
 21
 months 
 
 0.161 
 
 0.193 
 
 0.223 
 
 0.252 
 
 0.279 
 
 0.304 
 
 0.326 
 
 0.347 
 
 0.361 
 
 18
 months 
 
 0.146 
 
 0.179 
 
 0.211 
 
 0.242 
 
 0.271 
 
 0.298 
 
 0.322 
 
 0.345 
 
 0.361 
 
 15
 months 
 
 0.130 
 
 0.164 
 
 0.197 
 
 0.230 
 
 0.262 
 
 0.291 
 
 0.317 
 
 0.342 
 
 0.361 
 
 12
 months 
 
 0.111 
 
 0.146 
 
 0.181 
 
 0.216 
 
 0.250 
 
 0.282 
 
 0.312 
 
 0.339 
 
 0.361 
 
 9
 months 
 
 0.090 
 
 0.125 
 
 0.162 
 
 0.199 
 
 0.237 
 
 0.272 
 
 0.305 
 
 0.336 
 
 0.361 
 
 6
 months 
 
 0.065 
 
 0.099 
 
 0.137 
 
 0.178 
 
 0.219 
 
 0.259 
 
 0.296 
 
 0.331 
 
 0.361 
 
 3
 months 
 
 0.034 
 
 0.065 
 
 0.104 
 
 0.150 
 
 0.197 
 
 0.243 
 
 0.286 
 
 0.326 
 
 0.361 
 
 0
 months 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 0.042 
 
 0.115 
 
 0.179 
 
 0.233 
 
 0.281 
 
 0.323 
 
 0.361 

The
exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between
two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to
be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the
higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable.
For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the
date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months
until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for
0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as
set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there
are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their
warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in
connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as
reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis
in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary
shares. 

This
redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only
provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary
shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding
warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when
the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature
to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth
above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing
to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their
warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption right provides
us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure
as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption
price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of
the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe
it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As
stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the
exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant
holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem
the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the
warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants
for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No
fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder.
If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant
agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for
such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or
surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

Redemption
Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder
will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with
such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other
amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-Dilution
Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class
A ordinary shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other
similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary
shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary
shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number
of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or
issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical
fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for
such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value 
means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares
(or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions
which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during
the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately
reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price
or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate
cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class
A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, (e) as a result of the repurchase of Class A ordinary shares by us if a proposed initial business
combination is presented to our shareholders for approval, or (f) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure
to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective
date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary
share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification
of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class
A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 
and -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger
price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely
affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity
of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights
represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon
such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder
of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders
were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation
or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed
to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively
make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender,
exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided
for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary
shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under
circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of
such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or
associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property
to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the
expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been
purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange
offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration
receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor
entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to
be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the
warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in
the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise
price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise
period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose
of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of
the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions
relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing
any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided
that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is incorporated by reference
to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors-Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that
may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange
Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Except
as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as
part of the units in this offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders-Transfers of Founder Shares and Private
Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the
private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described under Warrants Public Shareholders 
Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are
held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has
the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other
than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and
exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Any amendment to the
terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants require
a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

Except
as described above under Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless
basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by
the excess of the Sponsor fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market
value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is
sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as
they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated
with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market
will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during
specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot
trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders
who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in
order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result,
we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may
be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any
indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may
agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted
for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated
by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a shareholder meeting) of the shareholders
of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association.
No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares
of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest
of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is
satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar
of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the
laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder
such amount; and I if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date
on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand
Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders
with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the
court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly
referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger
was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths
in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy
at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we
 are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
 have been complied with; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
 to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months,
the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer.
An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud,
bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
Suits . Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative
actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions.
In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our
officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities,
which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing
principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of
 votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less
protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United
States. 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of
the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no
liability, as members of the company, for liabilities of the company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies
Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the
Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements
for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

annual
 reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside
 of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual shareholder meeting; 

an
 exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
 20 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating
to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where
it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying
the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles
of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of
our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands
law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our
initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Extended Deadline, we will (i) cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
 at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
 on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by
 us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
 which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
 liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
 of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to
 our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
 thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
 or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination
 or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have
 to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of this offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors,
 our officers or our Advisors, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee
 of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
 renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and
 we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to
 Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
 business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
 and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
 long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses
 that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of
 deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement
 to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
 connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
 of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
 of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
 taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of
association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained,
any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles
of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure
and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions
as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any
of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering-Cayman Islands 

In
order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money
laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity and source of funds. Where permitted,
and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition
of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We
reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases the directors may
be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision)
of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the Regulations ). Depending on the circumstances of each
application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required where: 

a) 
 the
 subscriber is a relevant financial business required to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) or is a
 majority-owned subsidiary of such a business; or 

b) 
 the
 subscriber is acting in the course of a business in relation to which a regulatory authority exercises regulatory functions and which
 is in a country listed by the Cayman Islands Anti-Money Laundering Steering Committee Equivalent Jurisdiction or
 is a majority-owned subsidiary of such subscriber; or 

c) 
 the
 subscriber is a central or local government organization, statutory body or agency of government in the Cayman Islands or an Equivalent
 Jurisdiction; or 

d) 
 the
 subscriber is a company that is listed on a recognized stock exchange and subject to disclosure requirements which impose requirements
 to ensure adequate transparency of beneficial ownership, or is a majority-owned subsidiary of such a company; or 

e) 
 the
 subscriber is a pension fund for a professional association, trade union or is acting on behalf of employees of an entity referred
 to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d); or 

f) 
 the
 application is made through an intermediary which falls within one of sub-paragraphs (a) to (e). In this situation the company may
 rely on a written assurance from the intermediary which confirms (i) that the requisite identification and verification procedures
 on the applicant for business and its beneficial owners have been carried out; (ii) the nature and intended purpose of the business
 relationship; (iii) that the intermediary has identified the source of funds of the applicant for business; and (iv) that the intermediary
 shall make available copies of any identification and verification data or information and relevant documents. 

For
the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in
accordance with the Regulations by reference to those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as having equivalent
anti-money laundering regulations. 

In
the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse
to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally
debited. 

We
also reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment
to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant
jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in
any applicable jurisdiction. 

If
any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person
is engaged in criminal conduct or is involved with terrorism or terrorist property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion
came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person
will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the
Proceeds of Crime Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii)
a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision)
of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will
not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Data
Protection - Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the DPL based on internationally accepted
principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL personal data ). In the following discussion,
the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor
Data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data
and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates
and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to
us. 

We
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who
this Affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

a)
where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

b)
where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money
laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

c)
where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental
rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why
We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipates disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on
our behalf. 

The
Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the DPL. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain
Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual shareholder meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are be available for future issuances without shareholder approval
and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 30,475,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, 30,475,000
Class A ordinary shares are to be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any
Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding
7,618,750 founder shares and all of the 8,750,000 outstanding private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in
that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their
securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during
the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months
before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter
period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any
time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to
sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which will equaled approximately
 380,937 shares; or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice
 on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 
 
 Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially
issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously
a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports;
 and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial shareholders are able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule
144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on the
effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with
respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration
and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the
following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such
warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor and our directors, advisory board members and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and
other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus
as the lock-up. 

In
addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any
securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under KRNLU, KRNL and KRNLW, 
respectively. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Suren Ajjarapu, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Suren Ajjarapu 

Suren
 Ajjarapu 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Howard Doss, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Howard Doss 

Howard
 Doss 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Suren Ajjarapu, Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Suren Ajjarapu 

Suren
 Ajjarapu 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Kernel Group Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Howard Doss, Chief Financial Officer of
Kernel Group Holdings, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Howard Doss 

Howard
 Doss 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 krnl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 krnl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 krnl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 krnl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

