<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_34285_0001493152-23-010166.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4873053</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250288</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>954440</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1522459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>907679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1120817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010166.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331152003
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RELIABILITY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034285
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				750868913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07092
		FILM NUMBER:		23787024

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22505 GATEWAY CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 71
		CITY:			CLARKSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20871
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 489-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22505 GATEWAY CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 71
		CITY:			CLARKSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20871

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAIRLANE INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800519

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010166.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the annual period from January-1-2022 to December-31-2022 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Exchange on Which Registered 

No
 par value 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes, 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes, 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. , No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). , No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 232.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large,
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes, 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, was (based on the
closing sale price of the Registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on OTC American). 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 
 No. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 61 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 66 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements
with respect to our future financial or operating performance, future plans and objectives, competitive positioning, requirements for
additional capital, government regulation of operations and the timing and possible outcome of litigation and regulatory matters. All
statements other than statements of historical fact, included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that address
activities, events or developments that we, or our subsidiaries, expect or anticipate may occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
Often, but not always, forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words such as aim, potential, 
 may, could, would, might, likely, will, expect, 
 intend, plan, budget, scheduled, estimate, anticipate, 
 believe, forecast, committed, future or continue or the negative
thereof or similar variations. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us, in light of our experience
and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate
in the circumstances. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can
give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements, which are not a guarantee of performance and are subject to a number of uncertainties and known and unknown risks, many of
which are outside our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, among other things, general business, economic, competitive, political and social uncertainties, the actual results
of current operations, industry conditions, intellectual property and other proprietary rights, liabilities inherent in our industry,
accidents, labor disputes, delays in obtaining regulatory approvals or financing and general market factors, including interest rates,
equity markets, business competition, changes in government regulations. Additional risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those listed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Although
we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results which differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements, there may be other factors, such as variants of COVID-19 that cause results to differ from
those anticipated. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of the Annual Report
on Form 10-K and we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, results or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities laws. 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, Reliability, Maslow, 
 MMG and the Company meaning Reliability, Inc. and its operational subsidiary, Maslow Media Group Inc., unless
otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts in this Annual Report are expressed in thousands except for share and per share values, unless
otherwise indicated. 

The
disclosures set forth in this report should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the
year ended December 31, 2022. All dollars, except earnings per share, presented in this Form 10-K are in thousands 000). 

3 

Part
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW
AND HISTORY 

Reliability
Incorporated Reliability or the Company ), headquartered in Clarksburg, Maryland, through its wholly owned
subsidiary, The Maslow Media Group, Inc. Maslow or MMG ), provides workforce solutions to its clients consisting
primarily of Employer of Record EOR services, recruiting and staffing, and video and multimedia production. The Company
focuses on domestic clients but provides services to these clients throughout the world. The Company s clients are in diverse industries
including media, financial services including banking, medical devices, pharmaceuticals, telecommunications, energy, healthcare, and
education. 

Reliability
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas in 1953. From 1971 to 2007, the Company was principally engaged in the design,
manufacture, market, and support of high-performance equipment used to test and condition integrated circuits. This business was shut
down in 2007, and the Company was continued as a shell company as defined by the Exchange Act, with no operating activities
until October 29, 2019, when the Company acquired Maslow. 

Maslow
was founded in 1988 by Linda Maslow who s impetuous was recognizing the need for a single resource that could provide qualified
production crews to Washington, D.C. s television, cable, and multimedia outlets. Maslow was later incorporated in Virginia in
1992 and changed its name to our current legal name, The Maslow Media Group, Inc. Maslow s initial business consisted of providing
 script to screen services which consisted principally of providing production management and services to television, cable,
and multimedia outlets. Over time, Maslow expanded its product offerings, adding workforce management solutions, such as Employer of
Record EOR ), recruiting and staffing services. As Maslow grew, it expanded its geographic footprint by acquiring clients
outside of the Washington D.C. metro area. 

On
November 9, 2016, Linda Maslow sold the business to Vivos Holdings, LLC Vivos Holdings owned by Naveen Doki Dr.
Doki and Silvija Valleru Ms. Valleru ). 

In
2018, Vivos Holdings and several other Vivos companies, Vivos Group engaged an investment banker who approached management
of Reliability to discuss a potential reverse merger transaction. The other investors who collaborated on a share swap of Maslow for
other Vivos companies were Shirisha Janumpally Mrs. Janumpally ), wife of Dr. Doki, and Kalyan Pathuri Mr. Pathuri ),
husband of Silvija Valleru. 

These
individuals included but were not limited to Dr. Doki, Mrs. Janumpally, Mr. Pathuri, and Mrs. Valleru, Igly Trust, and Judos Trust also
have common ownership combinations in a number of other entities [Vivos Holdings, LLC. Vivos Real Estate Holdings, LLC VREH ),
Vivos Holdings, Inc., Vivos Group, Vivos Acquisitions, LLC., and Federal Systems, LLC], (collectively referred to herein as Vivos
Group ). 

The
reverse merger was consummated on October 29, 2019. As a result of the Merger, the Vivos Group (Vivos Holdings LLC officially) acquired
approximately 84 of the issued and outstanding shares of Reliability which were distributed by Vivos Holdings LLC. 

On
October 29, 2019, Maslow became a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliability by merging R-M Merger Sub, Inc., a Virginia corporation and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliability, with and into Maslow, with Maslow being the surviving corporation (the Merger ).
The Merger is more fully described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2019. 

The
Company ceased to be a shell company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the
 Exchange Act by virtue of its ownership of Maslow following the Merger. The acquisition of Maslow also resulted in a change
in control of Reliability. 

Maslow
expanded its staffing vertical footprint by acquiring the business assets of Intelligent Quality Solutions Inc. IQS ),
from Vivos Holdings, Inc. providing IT Staffing solutions in December 2019, which formerly operated in Plymouth, Minnesota. 

Upon
purchasing MMG and thereafter, Vivos Holdings, LLC and their affiliates (collectively the Vivos Group began borrowing
monies from MMG starting with 1,400 in 2016 and by the end of 2019 the balance had reached 3,418 which included a 3,000 guarantee
from Dr. Naveen Doki. (See Note 12 for more details). Vivos Holdings, LLC, Vivos Real Estate Holdings, LLC, and Mr. Doki are collectively
b referred to as Vivos Debtors. 

The
attempted collection of the guarantee and debt from the Vivos Group set off a chain of legal events culminating in an arbitration hearing
and award in 2022. (See below and Item 3 for complete summary). We refer below to the disputes between Reliability and the Vivos Group
as the Vivos Matter. 

A
series of legal actions and hearings took place starting in March of 2020 through September of 2021. At that time, Arbitration was agreed
by both the Vivos Group and MMG, The proceedings began in February 2022 and were completed in March 2022. 

On
August 31, 2022, the Arbitrator issued an award (the Award with the Company and MMG prevailing on their claims. The Company
and MMG were awarded the following: 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Vivos Holdings LLC under Note I (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 3,458, with interest thereon
 from June 30, 2022, at the rate of 4.5 per year; 

no
 award as to Note II (as defined in the Award) until and at such time as the automatic stay imposed by the United States Bankruptcy
 Court as a result of the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by VREH is lifted or the bankruptcy proceeding is terminated; 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Vivos Holdings, LLC under Note III (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 800, with interest thereon
 from June 30, 2022, at the rate of 2.5 per year, plus collection costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in
 the effort to collect Note III; 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Naveen under the Personal Guaranty (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 2,309, plus interest
 thereon at the rate of 6 per year from the date of the Award; 

4 

an award in favor of the Company against Naveen, Valleru, Janumpally, individually and as Trustee of Judos Trust, and Pathuri, as Trustee of Igly Trust, jointly and severally, for contract damages of 1,000, to be satisfied by the transfer of their shares of the Company common stock to the Company equal in value to 1,000, valued as of the date of the Award, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06(d) of the Merger Agreement; 

an
 award in favor of the Company against Naveen, Valleru, Janumpally, individually and as Trustee of Judos Trust, and Pathuri, as Trustee
 of Igly Trust, jointly and severally, for fraud damages in the amount of 4,327, plus interest thereon at the rate of 6 per year
 from the date of the Award, together with any out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including attorneys and accountants 
 fees; 

an
 award appointing a rehabilitative receiver for the Company under the deadlock situation provisions of Section 11.404(a)(1)(B) of
 the Texas Business Organizations Code, the primary function of which is to collect the contract and fraud damages, including costs,
 expenses and fees provided in the Award, due to the Company, with matters regarding such receivership to be set forth in a supplemental
 award; and 

declaratory
 relief in favor of the Company and its officers and directors. 

Section
11.404(a)(1)(B) of the Texas Business Organizations Code provides for the appointment of a rehabilitative receiver when the governing
persons of the entity are deadlocked in the management of the entity s affairs, the owners or members of the entity are unable
to break the deadlock, and irreparable injury to the entity is being suffered or is threatened because of the deadlock. With respect
to the receivership, the owners or holders of all of the shares of common stock of the Company received as a result of the conversion
of 1,600 shares of common stock of MMG owed by Naveen and Valleru under the Merger Agreement shall not be entitled to vote any of those
shares at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of the Company during the period of the receivership. Upon the completion
of the receiver s primary function of collecting damages due to the Company, the receivership shall terminate and the restrictions
on the rights of the shareholders of the Company imposed by the Award shall be lifted. 

The
parties submitted material for clarification of the Award on March 7, 2023, and March 20, 2023, which included proposed language for
an award to be entered against Vivos Real Estate Holdings, LLC VREH ), in light of the bankruptcy court order lifting the
stay that pertains to VREH, which filed a petition in bankruptcy court. The date of a final award is unknown. 

Upon
a final resolution as to the underlying ownership and rights of certain shareholders, the Company intends to hold an annual meeting of
shareholders within a reasonable time thereafter. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Vivos Debtor balance was 5,251. The arbitration award covering all bulleted items above currently totals
 9,585, independent of legal fees, interest, and other fees. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 300,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, no par value per share (the Company Common
Stock, or Common Stock outstanding. 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of March 26, 2023, we had 22 team members (staff employees) at our Clarksburg, MD corporate and remote locations. During the fiscal
year ended 2022, we assigned approximately 1,200 field talent workers of which 244 were deemed full time equivalent (FTE) throughout
the year. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 794 active field talent workers and Maslow staff employees had been employed over the past 6 months. 

Approximately
15 of our field talent are represented by a labor union. We are not aware of any current labor efforts or plans to formalize organize
any of our other team members or field talent. To date we have not experienced any material labor disruptions. 

PRODUCTS 

Employer
of Record EOR 

Maslow s EOR product is a unique outsourced
managed workforce solution. The costs and compliance obligations relating to the employment of contingent workers are borne by Maslow.
These workers are Maslow employees. The client is responsible for maintaining its workplace, but all administrative roles and responsibilities
are administered by Maslow. This arrangement provides our clients compliance and legal protection as our expert staff takes responsibility
for properly classifying and onboarding employees or independent contractors. Misclassifying an employee as an independent contractor
can result in significant costs to the client. 

5 

The
EOR services offered by Maslow consist of the following principal activities; 

state
 employment registration; 

employee
 onboarding/offboarding; 

payroll
 processing; 

benefits
 offerings and administration; 

workers
 compensation claim management; 

employee
 relations; 

regulatory
 compliance; 

manage
 State/County/City mandated employee benefits, such as paid safe and sick leave; and 

Locality
 mandated training administration 

Unemployment
 claims administration 

on site workforce management 

Recruiting/Staffing 

Maslow
has been in the staffing business for over thirty years. During that time, Maslow has developed, and we continue to develop, a large
global network of multimedia and video production workers for our media clients, camera crews and other technical and creative talent.
Maslow uses this extensive network to rapidly respond to our clients needs for contingent staffing and direct hires. 

In
December 2019, Maslow acquired the operational assets of Intelligent Quality Solutions, Inc. IQS ), a staffing firm focused
on information technology IT related industries and specializing in software testing. IQS formerly operated out of Plymouth,
Minnesota. 

Our
overall temporary staffing services consist of on-demand or short-term staffing assignments, contract staffing, and on-site management
administration. Short-term staffing services assist employers in dealing with employee demands caused by such factors as seasonality,
fluctuations in demand for their products and services, vacations, illnesses, parental leave, and special projects. This benefits organizations
from incurring the ongoing expense and administrative responsibilities associated with recruiting, hiring, and retaining these employees.
More companies are focused on effectively managing variable costs and reducing fixed overhead. The use of short-term staffing services
allows companies to utilize a contingent staffing approach for their personnel needs, thereby converting a portion of their fixed personnel
costs to a variable expense. 

Our
staffing services place workers with clients for assignments lasting from as little as one day up to an indefinite period of time. We
offer our clients several levels of staffing services: freelance, contract, temp to hire, direct hire or managed services. Our managed
services solution includes building or assuming an existing team and placing an onsite manager, or managers, to help manage the team. 

As
is common in the staffing industry, the majority of our engagements to provide temporary services to our client are generally of a non-exclusive,
short-term nature and subject to termination by our client with little or no notice. 

In
2022, we began focusing on the placement of full-time equivalent employees on a contingency fee basis as a stand-alone practice. Because
the margins are significantly higher, this line of business boosts our overall margins and operating income as explained in Results
of Operations. Direct Hire, previously titled Permanent Placement, margins are much higher than temporary staffing and
EOR in that we do not bear employee or 1099 costs for the direct hire placement. The only cost of revenue assigned is the relational
use of recruiting software subscriptions. 

6 

Video/Multimedia
Production 

Maslow
continues to be a provider of multimedia and video production solutions for corporate, government and broadcast clients. 

We
use our large, pre-vetted network of worldwide freelancers with high-level technical and creative skills to respond quickly to our clients 
needs. Our network includes directors of photography, audio engineers, make-up artists, field producers, gaffers and grips, talent, teleprompter
operators, and drone operators. Maslow provides video production services to our clients for the purpose of branding videos, documentaries,
Public Service Announcements, training modules, live events, webcasts, animation, projects, and more. Our freelance video production
teams and clients collaborate with our in-house, full-time Video Production Managers who bring years of experience to every project,
and who work side-by-side with the team to create the vision and story for the project. In addition to human assets, Maslow sources the
latest technical broadcast equipment for television, the internet, and social media. 

Maslow
provides, among others, the following production services; 

pre-Production
 conceptualization of final video deliverables; 

project
 consultation from scriptwriting to site scouting; 

budget
 development and management; 

booking
 and managing of logistics for field and studio teams; 

broadcast
 level HD camera crews and field support worldwide including makeup artists, AV support, field producers, and full equipment rental; 

post-production
 facilities and freelance support including non-linear editors, graphic artists, narrators and actors; 

animation
 and graphic design development, including whiteboard animation; 

live
 transmission services from satellite to streaming; and 

management
 of fully staffed client studios. 

Intelligent
Quality Solutions IQS 

The
Company operates its IQS assets as an IT Staffing division within Maslow. Maslow provides IT staff augmentation solutions placing top
industry professionals at our customers in a myriad of industries. 

Our
team members are typically full-time employees that have established themselves as leaders in their chosen field. Some examples of positions
that we recruit for, and place include: 

Software
 Architect 

Automation
 Architect 

DevOps
 Engineer 

Medical
 Device Engineers (including Quality Engineers, R D, Manufacturing and Electrical) 

QA
 Tester 

Program
 Manager 

Project
 Manager 

QA
 Analyst 

Quality
 Engineer QE and 

Software
 Developer. 

7 

OUR
INDUSTRY 

Maslow
operates within the workforce management and production services industry. The services Maslow provides (managed services, employer of
record, staffing, recruiting, and video production services) generally fall within the broader category known as workforce management 
solutions. 

The
temporary staffing portion of the workforce management industry supplies workers to clients. These services offer client s the
ability to rapidly match their workforce to changes in business conditions and needs. In some cases, clients can convert fixed labor
costs to variable costs. The demand for a flexible workforce continues to grow with competitive and economic pressures on employers to
reduce costs, manage payroll compliance risks and respond to changing market conditions. 

Per
Staffing Industry Analysts (SIA) 2022 North America Staffing Company
Survey, the 2022 trends expected to have the greatest impact to staffing businesses in 2023 and beyond include: remote work, which continues
to be considered a boon to operations with 20 of temps and 50 of internal staff working remote in 2022 and acquisition multiples hitting
new highs on EBITDA. Wage and hourly pay and working time compliance; workers compensation, health and safety claims; and data
privacy laws were most frequently cited as top compliance concerns with California, considered far and away the most challenging
given their aggressive regulatory stance. 

The
temporary staffing industry is large and highly fragmented with thousands
of competing companies. It was estimated that the 2022 U.S. temporary staffing market was 185.5 billion according to SIA up from the
pre-pandemic market size of 152.8 billion in 2019. 

Staffing
companies compete both to recruit and retain a supply of field talent and to attract and retain clients to use these workers. Client
demand for temporary staffing services is dependent on the overall strength of the labor market and trends toward greater workforce flexibility.
The temporary staffing industry includes several markets focusing on business needs that vary widely in duration of assignment and level
of technical specialization. 

However,
the temporary staffing market is subject to volatility based on overall economic conditions. Historically, in periods of economic growth,
the number of companies providing temporary staffing services has increased due to low barriers to entry. During recessionary periods,
the number of companies has decreased through consolidation, bankruptcies based on loss of key clients or material reductions of usage
by existing clients, or other events. Prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we had been seeing that the temporary staffing industry
was experiencing increased demand in relation to total job growth. Post COVID, clients continue to seek a more flexible remote workforce.
In 2022, staffing revenue returned to 2019 levels with an expectation of a 2.2 growth in 2023. 

According
to SIA the US staffing industry grew 28 in 2022. Headwinds, however, are
slowing the growth rate as SIA predicts the US staffing industry will likely experience a more subdued macroeconomic environment with
GDP growth decelerating to 2.2 . The culprits are rising interest rates, continued supply chain problems, slow wage inflation, and disruptions
and sanctions related to the war in Ukraine. 

Per
SIA s Staffing Trends 2023, published January 19, 2023, there are reasons for staffing firms to be optimistic in 2023. Contingent
forms of labor like temporary staffing proved to be a valuable hedge in an extremely volatile and rapidly changing business environment.
Staffing Industry Analysts data continues to suggest that organizations are increasingly receptive to proactively using contingent
workers as part of their workforce mix. SIA predicts 2023 will be inverse to 2022 in that the second half will be stronger than
the first. 

The
complexity of keeping up with this regulatory compliance landscape, particularly for smaller employers and companies requiring workers
in multiple states, has provided greater opportunity for EOR solutions. For example, California adopted eleven new employment laws in
2020. Additionally in 2022, Maryland and Maine became the latest states to enact paid family and medical leave legislations. Payroll
deductions in the state of Maryland are set to begin on October 1 st , 2023. 

8 

OUR
CLIENTS 

Historically
the largest portion of our business has come from two clients, Client
AA (Client A inclusive of its Client B division) and Client D. But in 2022, Client C became the number one contributor to revenue with
 5,052, which was a 29.5 improvement over 2021 performance. Client A and Client B (previously Client AA), split from being under a single
contract, with Client B coming in second in 2022 with 3,693, Client D third at 3,309, and Client A fourth at 3,075. 

In
terms of revenue contribution, Client C represented 19.6 of our 2022 revenue compared with 14.9 in 2021, Client B represented
14.4 of 2022 revenue compared with 11 as standalone in 2021, Client D delivered 12.9 of 2022 revenue compared with 14.5 in 2021,
while Client A contributed 12 of revenue vs. 16.8 in 2021, and Client E pitched in 5.3 of our 2022 revenue compared with 10.9 in
2021. 

No
other client exceeded 10 of revenues. 

If
looking at Client B and Client A as if combined as they had been for the last three years, its 2022 contribution was 26.3 
compared to 28.5 in 2021, 28.7 in 2020, and 37.5 in 2019. 

Client
A s drop in 2022 was related to conversions of long-term contract employees to direct hires, reducing the contingent staffing requirements
for the year. In 2021, Client E s revenues increased substantially due to freelance staffing and employer of record requirements
within the company s creative division. Client E s decline in revenues in 2022 was due to it moving its creative business
to a non-US firm at the end of 2021. 

From
a revenue concentration standpoint, our top five customers represented
66 of our revenue in 2022 compared to 75.9 in 2021, keeping in mind Client A and Client B (Client AA) was treated as one client in 2021. 

Collectively,
Client B (33.7 ), Client D (22.4 ), Client C (18.5 ), and Client A (13.7 represent 87.6 of accounts receivable as of December 31,
2022. Comparatively, Client B (15.3 ), Client D (32.9 ), Client C (5.5 ), and Client A (25.8 represented 79.5 in their respective
portions of our accounts receivable balance in 2021. In 2021, we reported Client B and Client A as combined with 41.1 of accounts receivable.
Client A no longer has a controlling position of Client B. 

GROWTH
STRATEGY 

Maslow s
growth strategy is a three-pronged approach with emphasis of the 1) Media Staffing market, 2) IT Staffing market, and 3) EOR expansion. 

Media
Staffing margins are healthy in the 20 range and increased by 106 from 3,033 from period ending December 31, 2021, to 3,176 in the
same period, 2022, representing 12.3 of MMG s total revenue. 

IT
Staffing is being revisited after the IQS revenue base shrunk rapidly due to the COVID-19 pandemic which saw us lose our top acquired
client with a significant decline in revenues for the next 2 largest customers. We are hiring seasoned staffing professionals with experience
in Media, IT and other verticals. Our overarching goal is to have account executives who can sell all our workforce management solutions.
Our new VP of Sales brings over 20 years of staffing industry experience including lead roles at large national providers. Because the
IT market for contracted contingent workers remains high, MMG is still keen to compete in this space and offer these services to our
existing client base. 

Total
Staffing revenue in 2022 was 3,468 compared to 3,613 in 2021. The objective in 2023 is to increase these levels back to 2020 and beyond
by focusing sales efforts on these types of immediate needs of clients. 

Maslow s
EOR approach is to continue to seek media-based opportunities given the transient, contingent, and part time nature of corporate media
is conducive to an EOR solution. We believe, however, there is an opportunity to leverage this expertise into other industries. The client
acquisition challenge outside of media consists principally of educating prospective clients of the merits of the EOR solution over other
options, finding the unique opportunities in each industry or within a corporate client that lend itself for an EOR solution, and competition
from other providers of EOR services. The existing pandemic may make EOR a more desirable solution to companies that are looking for
more agile ways of changing the headcount and nature of portions if not all of their workforce in an expeditious and low risk manner. 

9 

We
expect to explore expanding our EOR to enter new industries, particularly those that rely significantly on contractors or freelancers
to perform limited time or project-based assignments. 

To
ensure success, we have increased and added industry expertise to our client services and recruiting teams. Once the Vivos Matter (defined
and referenced in Overview section) is completely resolved, the Company plans to tap the capital markets to pursue an aggressive but
disciplined acquisition growth strategy, both in terms of using shares for raising capital and as currency to acquire additional businesses
as was our intent when we merged with Reliability in October 2019. We believe that the staffing/EOR segment is fragmented and while there
are several large players in the industry, there are also a significant number of smaller businesses that would make ideal acquisition
targets. These businesses are often limited in geographic scope or are specialized within an industry. In addition, we continue to emphasize
organic growth by restructuring our sales organization that began in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Presently,
the Company does not have any authorized shares that are not issued. No shares are expected to become available to the Company until
an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Formation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock or a stock split
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock is approved. Such approval may not likely occur until the Vivos Matter is completely resolved.
Following the Merger, the Vivos Group which holds over 80 percent of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock notified the Company
that they would not approve an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Formation to increase the number of authorized, but unissued,
shares of Common Stock. As a result, the Company has not been able to execute its business plan. 

As
stated above under Our Industry , the trend for staffing expertise in the areas of AI, gig, cloud services, VMS/MSP, plus
the expected need in fields like biotech, and healthcare, are of interest to Maslow. We will continue to embrace this trend and look
to expand on our capabilities, which in turn we believe will open up new markets for us. 

Additionally,
we will continue to invest in technology and process improvements and resources to grow the staffing side of our business and to ensure
that we operate at optimal productivity and performance and are able to quickly adapt if operations scale up. 

COMPETITION 

The
staffing services market is highly fractured and competitive with limited barriers to entry. We compete in national, regional, and local
markets with full-service and specialized temporary staffing companies. Some of our competitors have significantly more marketing and
financial resources than we do. The high level of competition in the industry continues to put downward pressure on pricing for services
being offered. We expect that the level of competition will remain high. 

The
principal competitive factors in attracting qualified candidates for temporary assignments are pay rates, availability of assignments,
duration of assignments and responsiveness to requests for placement. Client retention is highly predicated on being able to source quality
candidates that meet their specific requirements in a timely manner. Although we believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors,
we expect competition to continue to increase, which may cause margin compression. 

While
recognizing the need to continue implementation and awareness in human cloud services as referenced, we believe our competitive advantage
is underpinned by human relationships and interactions, and that online staffing will never fully replace relationships built on personal
touch. This plays into MMG s strength as our underlying client business relies on these personal relationships such to be successful,
leading us to continue to hire career professionals who are able to parlay the emotional intelligence needed with ever evolving modern
technology. We see this hybrid of technology and client centricity to be our competitive advantage. 

10 

SEASONALITY 

The
staffing industry has historically been cyclical, often acting as an indicator of both economic downturns and upswings. Staffing clients
tend to use temporary staffing to supplement their existing workforces and generally hire direct workers when long-term demand is expected
to increase. Consequently, our revenues tend to increase quickly when the economy begins to grow and, conversely, our revenues may decrease
quickly when the economy begins to weaken. Other factors include the timing of recurring annual client events or sporting seasons which
last a defined period of time throughout the year. In the past four years, including 2022, the fourth quarter has been our busiest with
29 of our annual revenue being the average. This is because of the fall schedule and year-end projects planned by several large clients. 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

We
file electronically with the SEC, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments
to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our website address is www.maslowmedia.com.
The information included on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We will make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after we have filed or furnished such material to the SEC. You may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC s Public Reference room at 100 F Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and
formation statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Furthermore, we will
provide electronic or paper copies of filings free of charge upon written request to our Chief Financial Officer. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

There
are numerous and varied risks that may prevent us from achieving our goals, including those described below. You should carefully consider
the risks described below and the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial
statements and related notes. Our business, financial condition, and or results of operations, could be harmed by any of the following
risks. If any of the events or circumstances described below were to occur, our business, the financial condition and the results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of Company Common Stock could decline, and investors
could lose part or all of their investment. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us
or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

An
investment in our common stock should be considered high risk . 

An
investment in RLBY should be considered high risk and requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return. 

We
face risks related to health pandemics, wars, inflation, and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, including COVID-19 and
its variants, or other potential causes of global instability which could significantly disrupt our operations and impact our financial
results. 

The
demand for staffing services has been and will be significantly affected
by general economic conditions. The trend of companies allowing remote workers has negatively impacted the media staffing business because
some companies have elected not to bring back the worker count it had pre-pandemic. Also, pandemic related vaccine mandates maintained
by some clients have on occasion had an adverse impact on our business when associates have elected not to comply. In some cases, we are
able to backfill the post and in some we may not have the opportunity. When we are able to backfill, there are still gaps in the period
of revenue generation until a selection is made and a start date is determined. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our results
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
new strains of the virus, the severity of the coronavirus, rollout of vaccines, and federal, state and local government and client actions
to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Our executive management team continues to track COVID-19 news and developments,
including the deployment of vaccines. 

11 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY 

Disputes
between Reliability and the Vivos Group have put our growth plans on hold as Reliability cannot tap the public markets for capital. 

Approximately
84.4 of common stock is owned by two (2) groups of related parties Vivos Group ), set forth below, however their
ownership has been the subject of an arbitration which is described in Note 2. 

Name 
 Directly Owned Shares of Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 Beneficial ownership of 
 Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 Naveen Doki, 
 10,138,882 
 3.4 
 202,634,728 (1) 
 67.5 
 
 Silvija Valleru 
 4,972,644 
 1.7 
 50,667,482 (2) 
 16.9 
 
 Shirisha Janumpally 
 192,495,846 
 64.2 
 202,634,728 (3) 
 67.5 
 
 Kalyan Pathuri 
 45,684,838 
 15.2 
 50,657,482 (4) 
 16.9 
 
 Totals 
 253,292,210 
 84.4 

1) 
 10,138,882
 shares held by Mr. Doki; (ii) 20,661,816 shares held by Federal Systems, a company owned and controlled by Mrs. Janumpally, which
 Mr. Doki may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally; (iii) 161,503,122 shares held by Judos Trust,
 a trust in which Mrs. Janumpally is the sole trustee and beneficiary, and of which Mr. Doki may be deemed to indirectly beneficially
 own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally; and (iv) 10,330,908 shares held directly by Mrs. Janumpally which Mr. Doki may be deemed to
 indirectly beneficially own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally. 

2) 
 Represents
 (i) 4,972,644 shares held by Mrs. Valleru; and (ii) 40,520,200 shares held by Igly Trust of which Mrs. Valleru may be deemed to indirectly
 beneficially own as the wife of Kalyan Pathuri, who is the sole trustee and beneficiary of the Igly Trust; and (iii) 5,164,638 shares
 held by Mr. Pathuri, which Mrs. Valleru may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the wife of Mr. Pathuri. 

3) 
 Represents
 (i) 10,330,908 shares that Mrs. Janumpally may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the wife of Mr. Doki; (ii) 20,661,816
 shares held by Federal Systems, a company owned and controlled by Mrs. Janumpally; (iii) 161,503,122 shares held by Judos Trust,
 a trust in which Mrs. Janumpally is the sole trustee and beneficiary, and (iv) and 10,330,908 shares Mrs. Janumpally owns directly. 

4) 
 Represents
 (i) 5,164,638 shares held by Mr. Pathuri; (ii) 40,520,200 shares held by Igly Trust of which Mr. Pathuri is the sole trustee and
 beneficiary; and (iii) 4,972,644 shares held by Mrs. Valleru of which Mr. Pathuri may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as
 the husband of Mrs. Valleru. 

12 

Related
Party Indebtedness; Default. 

Prior
to the Merger, shareholders of Vivos, Vivos Debtors directly and through affiliated entities, borrowed amounts from Maslow
(the Related Party Debt that reached an aggregate outstanding balance (including principal and interest) as of December
31, 2019, of approximately 4,169. The Related Party Debt is evidenced by several promissory notes and a personal guaranty of Mr. Naveen
Doki, also a Majority Shareholder. The Related Party Debt is currently in default and as of December 31, 2022, had a balance of 5,251.
In February 2020, Maslow brought an action in the District Court of Montgomery County, Maryland, to enforce the promissory notes and
guaranty. Failure of the Company to recover the Related Party Debt could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

In
addition, prior to the Merger, some of the Vivos Group incurred obligations at a number of other businesses they own and caused Maslow
to become obligated thereon as co-obligor or guarantor and pledged assets of Maslow to secure certain of these obligations. In 2021 Maslow
paid approximately 450 in satisfaction of obligations incurred before the merger. 

In
September 2022 MMG learned that a Vivos IT, LLC lawsuit against Second Wind Consultants SWC in May 2019 included MMG
as a plaintiff. The lawsuit brought claims of fraud in the inducement, unjust enrichment and other monetary claims against SWC. The 5
parties suing SWC, included Vivos IT, LLC, Maslow Media Group, Suresh Venkat Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru The lawsuit related
to a debt restructuring services agreement secured by Suresh Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru to assist the following then owned
Vivos entities: Maslow Media Group, Inc., Health Care Resources Network, Inc., Mettler Michael, Inc., 360 IT Professionals, Inc.
and US IT Solutions, Inc. SWC countersued all plaintiffs on September 30, 2019, seeking to collect the balance of 403 not paid by the
Vivos Group. This was not disclosed to Maslow Management or to Reliability before the merger closed on October 29, 2019. 

Maslow
has retained counsel and filed a motion to include all original parties to the SWC agreement, dated September 2018, as two of the
original parties were not in the original filings (Health Care Resources Network HCRN and Media Solutions). Counsel for
SWC requested an extension to the deadline to respond to this motion but failed to respond before the extension deadline received.
The motion is under the consideration of the court at this time. 

In
December of 2019, the Company s executive management learned that prior to the Merger, in December 2017, one of the Company s
related parties, on behalf of MMG, executed a guarantee of obligations of Vivos Real Estate Holdings, LLC VREH ), under
a mortgage loan for the purchase of the property at 22 Baltimore Rd., Rockville, Maryland. From April 2018 until April 2020, MMG leased
this space from Vivos Real Estate. The Company learned through mortgage holder FVCBank on March 6, 2022, that this loan was in default.
VREH filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the District Court of Maryland in 2022. FVCBank filed a motion to dismiss VREH s bankruptcy
filing in October 2022. Maslow filed a response supporting FVC s motion to dismiss the bankruptcy on November 2, 2022. An agreement
was reached between FVCBank and VREH, through the bankruptcy, to stay this matter until March 31, 2023, allowing VREH the time to pay
delinquent taxes, make repairs to the building, hire a property manager and to seek a new lender to refinance the mortgage. VREH has
not been able to meet these requirements, specifically not finding a new lender. 

On
August 24 , 2022, the Company filed a motion to modify the automatic stay in the VREH Bankruptcy case filing to allow the Arbitrator
to rule on the Company s claims against VREH. The Court granted the motion to modify the stay on September 16, 2022, after the
initial award by the Arbitrator. The parties submitted material for clarification of the Award on March 7, 2023, and March 20, 2023,
which included proposed language for an award to be entered against VREH, in light of the bankruptcy court order lifting the stay. 

The
existence of these obligations has significantly affected our liquidity, as well as our ability to obtain commercial loans. Because
there exists uncertainty as to the timing of the arbitration award this can have a future impact on the Company s liquidity. 

The
Company could be subject to unknown liabilities incurred by its previous sole shareholder, Vivos Holdings LLC . 

Maslow
was previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Vivos Holdings, LLC Vivos Holdings ). Vivos is owned and controlled by the
seven parties that we are currently in dispute. Vivos Holdings had caused Maslow to be a guarantor or direct obligor for loans, advances,
or other liabilities for the benefit of Vivos related entities other than Maslow. These obligations were often incurred by Vivos Holdings
on behalf of Maslow without the knowledge of Maslow s senior management. There may be additional obligations of other Vivos Group
entities for which Maslow may have liability as a result of these arrangements that are not known to the management of Maslow. For example,
review the post-merger events that were discovered post-merger including SWC which we became aware of in October 2022, under Related
Party Indebtedness in the section preceding this one. These liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Company and the value
of the common stock. Reliability periodically runs lien checks to detect if there are any other new uncommunicated pre-existing liabilities
on the record. 

13 

The
Arbitration outcome could lead to a new shareholder base where the new affiliated parties decide a different strategic direction for
the Company and take appropriate action. 

If
a new shareholder base is the outcome of the arbitration, a new shareholder base may decide to change the strategic direction of the
Company in a significant way. This might include, but is not limited to, capitalization plans, whether the Company remains a public company,
merger and acquisition plans, corporate structure, and executive management. 

The
success of our business depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees that possess the skills demanded by clients
and intense competition may limit the ability to attract and retain such qualified employees . 

For
the Company s staffing, executive recruiting, and video production services, the success of the Company depends on the ability
to attract and retain qualified employees who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of clients or to successfully
bid for new client projects. The legal dispute with the Vivos Group has negatively impacted the Company s ability to attract and
retain some of our top talent. The level of uncertainty since the legal dispute began in late 2019 until the arbitration award issued
in August 2022 provided reason for concern for existing and prospective staff in remaining or joining the Company. The ability to attract
and retain qualified employees could be impaired by improvement in economic conditions resulting in lower unemployment, increases in
compensation, or increased competition. During periods of economic growth, the Company faces increasing competition from other staffing
companies for retaining and recruiting qualified temporary and permanent employees, which in turn leads to greater advertising and recruiting
costs and increased salary expenses. These problems can be exacerbated by the fact that the Company often must attract and retain employees
with skills specific to the video production industry, which narrows the pool of available, qualified employees that the Company may
draw upon. If the Company cannot attract and retain qualified temporary and permanent employees, the quality of its services may deteriorate
and the financial condition, business, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Our
success depends to a large degree on growth in market acceptance of human resources outsourcing and related services we provide . 

Because
the majority of our revenues currently come from EOR services, a large portion of our success depends on the willingness of clients to
outsource their contingent staffing requirements to a third-party service provider. Many companies have invested substantial personnel,
infrastructure and financial resources in their own internal HR organizations and therefore may be reluctant to switch to our solution.
Companies may not engage us for other reasons, including a desire to maintain control over all aspects of their HR activities, a belief
that they manage their HR activities more effectively using their internal administrative organizations, perceptions about the expenses
associated with our services, perceptions about whether our services comply with laws and regulations applicable to them or their businesses,
or other considerations that may not always be evident. Additional concerns or considerations may also emerge in the future. We must
address our potential clients concerns and explain the benefits of our approach in order to convince them to change the way that
they manage their HR activities, particularly in parts of the United States where our Company and solution are less well-known. If we
are not successful in addressing potential clients concerns and convincing companies that our solution can fulfil their HR needs,
then the market for our solution may not develop as we anticipate thus our business may not grow. 

Any
significant or prolonged economic downturn could result in clients using fewer staffing and executive recruiting services offered by
the Company, terminating their relationship with the Company, or becoming unable to pay for services on a timely basis, or at all. 

Because
demand for the types of services our Company offers is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity, the Company s business
has in the past and may in the future suffer during economic downturns. Demand for the services we provide is highly correlated to changes
in the level of economic activity and employment. Consequently, as economic activity begins to slow down, it has been the Company s
experience that companies tend to reduce their use of our services, resulting in decreased revenues and profit levels. In addition, the
Company may experience pricing pressure during economic downturns which could have a negative impact on the results of operations. Further,
many of our clients are corporate media departments and broadcast networks. As a result, any industry downturn that affects these kinds
of companies could have a major effect on our business. 

14 

The
deterioration of the financial condition and business prospects of clients could reduce their need for the staffing and executive recruiting
services we provide and could result in a significant decrease in the Company s revenues and earnings derived from these clients.
In addition, during economic downturns, companies may slow the rate at which they pay their vendors, seek more flexible payment terms
or become unable to pay their debts as they become due. 

In
late 2022 and early 2023 some of our clients have announced layoffs. We are uncertain at this time to the extent this will affect our
business but are keeping track of customer trends. 

State
unemployment insurance expense is a direct cost of doing business in the staffing industry. State unemployment tax rates are established
based on a company s specific experience rate of unemployment claims and a state s required funding formula on covered payroll.
Economic downturns have in the past, and may in the future, result in a higher occurrence of unemployment claims resulting in higher
state unemployment tax rates. This would result in higher direct costs to us. In addition, many states unemployment funds have been depleted
during the recent economic downturn and many states have borrowed from the federal government under the Title XII loan program. Employers
in all states receive a credit against their federal unemployment tax liability if the employer s federal unemployment tax payments
are current and the applicable participating state is also current with its Title XII loan program. If a state fails to repay such loans
within a specific time period, employers in such states may lose a portion of their tax credit. 

The
Company is exposed to employment-related claims and costs as well as periodic litigation that could materially adversely affect the Company s
financial condition, business, and results of operations . 

Our
business often entails employing individuals and placing such individuals in our clients workplaces. The Company s ability
to control the workplace environment of clients is limited. As the employer of record of these employees, the Company incurs a risk of
liability to its employees and clients for various workplace events, including: 

claims
 of misconduct or negligence on the part of employees; 

discrimination
 or harassment claims against employees, or claims by employees of discrimination or harassment by clients or the Company; 

immigration-related
 claims; 

claims
 relating to violations of wage, hour, and other workplace regulations; 

claims
 related to wrongful termination or denial of employment; 

violation
 of employment rights related to employment screening or privacy issues; 

claims
 relating to employee benefits, entitlements to employee benefits, or errors in the calculation or administration of such benefits;
 and 

possible
 claims relating to misuse of clients confidential information, misappropriation of assets, or other similar claims. 

The
Company may incur fines and other losses and negative publicity with respect to any of these situations. Some of the claims may result
in litigation, which is expensive and distracts attention from the operation of ongoing business. 

15 

The
Company assumes the obligation to make wage, tax, and regulatory payments for our employees, and, as a result, is exposed to client credit
risks. 

The
Company generally assumes responsibility for and manages the risks associated with employees payroll obligations, including liability
for payment of salaries, wages, and certain taxes. These obligations are fixed, whether clients make payments as required by service
contracts with the Company, which exposes the Company to credit risks of clients. As a result of the broad economic impact of the COVID-19
pandemic, our clients may be more likely to breach their payment obligations. 

Workers 
compensation costs for employees may rise and reduce our margins and require more liquidity. 

The
Company is responsible for, and pays, workers compensation costs for individuals employed by the Company both regular
staff and client employees for which the Company is the employer of record. At times, these costs have risen substantially as a result
of increased claims and claim trends, general economic conditions, changes in business mix, increases in healthcare costs, and government
regulations. Although the Company carries insurance, unexpected changes in claim trends, including the severity and frequency of claims,
actuarial estimates, and medical cost inflation could result in costs that are significantly different than initially reported. If future
claims-related liabilities increase due to unforeseen circumstances, or if new laws, rules, or regulations are passed, costs could increase
significantly. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to increase the fees charged to clients in a timely manner and
in a sufficient amount to cover increased costs as a result of any changes in claims-related liabilities. 

We
currently depend on four customers for a material portion of our net revenue. The loss of or a substantial reduction in business of one
of these four customers would significantly reduce our net revenue and adversely impact our operating results. 

Revenue
reliance in 2022 is among four clients, whereas it has been concentrated more so in two over the past two years. Client C increased
revenue in the 12 months ended December 31, 2022, by 1,152 compared to a year ago, and Client A and Client E s revenue dropped
by 1,346 and 1,481, respectively, year over year. This created greater equality among the four at 7.2 compared to 22 when comparing
the number one to number five revenue producers in 2022 compared with 2021, respectively. Client D remained our number three customer,
but had a drop in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the same period in 2021, by 510. 

In
terms of accounts receivable balances on December 31, 2022, Client B had 33.7 compared to 17.8 for the same period 2021. In 2021, Client
A had the greatest percentage of accounts receivable with 29.4 , which combined with Client B, represented 47.1 . Client D comprised 22.4 
in 2022 compared to 32.9 as of December 31, 2021. The loss of, or a substantial reduction in business from, these five customers would
have a significant negative impact on our business and our operating results. We may not be successful in finding a client or clients
that could replace the level of loss of these customers, and as such, it could have a negative impact on our revenue and results of operations
for a prolonged period. 

Improper
disclosure of employee and client data could result in liability and harm to the reputation of the Company. 

The
business of the Company involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about employees and clients. It is possible that security
controls over personal and other data and practices that the Company follows may not prevent the improper access to, or disclosure of,
personally identifiable or otherwise confidential information. Our security controls may be inadequate, or hackers or other malicious
groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with our data through different means, including but not limited to malware attacks,
denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks. Any event that results in a disclosure of our clients and employees 
data could harm the reputation of the Company and subject the Company to liability under contracts and the laws that protect personal
data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing
rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions in which the Company provides services. The failure to
adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability
or impairment to the reputation of the Company in the marketplace. 

16 

The
Company could face disruption and increased costs from outsourcing and offshoring various aspects of its business. 

The
Company may outsource aspects of its business to lower cost of employment areas in the United States and potentially to places such as
India. This outsourcing solution would focus predominantly on shared service activities which traditionally consist of back-office functions
such as hire to retire , procure to pay and order to cash processes. Although a goal of outsourcing
our operations is to reduce the operational costs of our business, it is possible that we will not realize any benefit from outsourcing
such aspects of our business, or even increase our overhead expenses. A transition may create the risk of errors and omissions or technical
disruptions that could negatively impact our clients, and in turn damage our reputation resulting in a loss of customers of our business. 

The
Company depends on its management team to manage its business effectively . 

The
Company s future success is dependent in large part upon its ability to understand, develop, and execute the business plan and
to attract and retain highly skilled management, operational and executive personnel. Thus, the Company is highly dependent on its officers
to provide the necessary skills, experience and background to execute the Company s business plan. Additionally, the employer of
record business is a specialty service which requires a full understanding of the service and its merits to be able to educate clients
and potential clients to win business and operate optimally. The loss of any officer s services with this knowledge could stifle
the Company s growth for 4-9 months, and could impede, particularly initially as the Company builds a record and reputation, its
ability to develop and execute on its objectives, and as such would negatively impact the Company s possible overall development. 

To
mitigate this risk, on September 1, 2021, Reliability entered into new employment agreements with President/CEO Nick Tsahalis and CFO
Mark Speck, respectively. The board of directors acted in accordance with the advice of its compensation committee to grant Mr. Tsahalis
who has served as wholly owned subsidiary Maslow Media Group s (MMG) CEO since November of 2016, and Mr. Speck who has served MMG
since April of 2019. 

Government
regulation could negatively impact the business . 

The
Company s business is subject to various government regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Currently, the Company
has clients and places employees in all 50 U.S. states. Due to the wide scope of the Company s operations, the Company could be
subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions.
The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure
to comply. The Company s operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations
relating to its business or industry, such as the imposition of additional licensing or tax requirements. Failure to comply with the
legal regulations in places we do business, or the regulatory prohibition or restriction of employment services, could lead to financial
liability and regulatory action against the Company, which could significantly harm our development as a business. 

The
Company may face significant competition from companies that serve its industries . 

The
Company may face competition from other companies that offer similar solutions. Some of these potential competitors may have longer operating
histories, greater brand recognition, larger client bases and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than
the Company possesses. These advantages may enable such competitors to respond more quickly to new or emerging trends and changes in
customer preferences. These advantages may also allow them to engage in more extensive market research and development, undertake extensive
far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to potential customers, employees
and strategic partners. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margin and loss of market share. The Company
may not be able to compete successfully, and competitive pressures may adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

17 

The
staffing industry is highly competitive with low barriers to entry which could limit the Company s ability to maintain or increase
our market share or profitability. 

The
staffing services industry is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. Although we specialize in EOR and providing staffing
services specifically for video production, where the market is not yet saturated by competitors, we still face significant competition
on a national, regional and a local scale with full-service and specialized temporary staffing companies. We expect that the level of
competition will remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability. 

Several
of our existing or potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, which may
enable them to: 

Invest
 in new technologies; 

Be
 more competitive in cash and price paid for acquisitions; 

Devote
 greater resources to sales and marketing; 

Aggressively
 price products and services below market rates; and 

Offer
 better benefit packages that we may not be able to match. 

The
Company is subject to the potential factors of market and customer changes, which could result in our inability to timely respond to
the needs of our clients. 

The
business of the Company is susceptible to rapidly changing preferences of the marketplace and its customers. The needs of customers are
subject to constant change. Although the Company intends to continue to develop and improve its services to meet changing customer needs
of the marketplace, there can be no assurance that funds for such expenditures will be available or that the Company s competition
will not develop similar or superior capabilities or that the Company will be successful in its internal efforts. The future success
of the Company will depend in part on its ability to respond effectively to rapidly changing trends, industry standards and customer
requirements by adapting and improving the features and functions of its services. In the Company s industry, failure by a business
to adapt to the changing needs and demands of customers is likely to render the business obsolete. 

Negative
publicity could adversely affect our business and operating results . 

Negative
publicity about our industry or our Company, including the utility of our services, even if inaccurate, could adversely affect our reputation
and the confidence in, and the use of, our services, which could harm our business and operating results. Harm to our reputation can
arise from many sources, including poor performance or misconduct by the workers we supply and recruit for our clients, misconduct by
our partners, outsourced service providers or other counterparties, and failure by us to meet minimum standards of service expected by
clients in our industry. 

The
Company has generated revenues, but limited profits, to date . 

The
business model of the Company involves significant costs of services, resulting in a low gross and net margins on revenues. Coupling
this fact with the required operating expenses incurred by the Company, the Company has only generated approximately 1,000 in operating
income and net income from operations in any one year of approximately 500 since 2015. Net income for the Company specifically was 386
in 2018, 195 in 2019; and in 2020, with the Company taking on the added expense of being a public company, additional expenses of approximately
 900 for management compensation, administrative costs, D O insurance, consulting, and legal fees for reporting and regulatory compliance,
had the most impact on our incurring a net loss of 789. In 2021, the Company earned a record 7,893 in net income, but 9,631 was garnered
as Other Income based on eligibility for government programs. The Company hopes and expects that as its business expands, it will enjoy
economies of scale resulting in higher operating and net margins and improved cash flows, but there is no guarantee this will occur. 

18 

The
Company may suffer from a lack of availability of additional funds . 

We
have ongoing needs for working capital in order to fund operations, pay costs associated with being a public company, and to continue
to expand our operations. To that end, we will be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. However, there
can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. There is a potential that
we will continue to lack shares of Company Common Stock available for equity financing. If additional debt is incurred, the Company
may fail to comply with the terms of such financing, which could result in significant liability for our Company. If we are unsuccessful,
we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions of time to fund liabilities,
or (d) seek protection from creditors. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would dilute the ownership and control of
your shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade. Our inability to raise capital could
require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations. Our plan is to increase our cash reserves through the sale of additional
equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could result in additional and potentially
substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could
result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition, our ability to obtain additional
capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

In
addition, if we are unable to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary
for us to sell all or a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities,
to the extent available, may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing
all of their investment in our Company. 

Our
acquisition strategy creates risks for our business . 

We
expect that we will pursue acquisitions of other businesses, assets or technologies to grow our business. We may fail to identify attractive
acquisition candidates, or we may be unable to reach acceptable terms for future acquisitions. We might not be able to raise enough cash
to compete for attractive acquisition targets. If we are unable to complete acquisitions in the future, our ability to grow our business
at our anticipated rate will be impaired. 

We
may pay for acquisitions by issuing additional shares of common stock, if such shares become available, which would dilute our shareholders,
or by issuing debt, which could include terms that restrict our ability to operate our business or pursue other opportunities and subject
us to meaningful debt service obligations. We may also use significant amounts of cash to complete acquisitions. Most acquisitions will
include Earn Out provisions which ensure adequate generation of revenue and profits, but cash required to pay Earn Outs
likely will exceed that total or incremental cash flow generated by the acquired business. To the extent that we complete acquisitions
in the future, we likely will incur future depreciation and amortization expenses associated with the acquired assets. We may also record
significant amounts of intangible assets, including goodwill, which could become impaired in the future. Acquisitions involve numerous
other risks, including: 

difficulties
 integrating the operations, technologies, services, and personnel of the acquired companies; 

challenges
 maintaining our internal standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

diversion
 of management s attention from other business concerns; 

over-valuation
 by us of acquired companies; 

litigation
 resulting from activities of the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former shareholders and
 other third parties; 

insufficient
 revenues to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisitions and unanticipated liabilities of the acquired companies; 

insufficient
 indemnification or security from the selling parties for legal liabilities that we may assume in connection with our acquisitions; 

entering
 markets in which we have no prior experience and may not succeed; 

risks
 associated with foreign acquisitions, such as communication and integration problems resulting from geographic dispersion and language
 and cultural differences, compliance with foreign laws and regulations and general economic or political conditions in other countries
 or regions; 

19 

potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and 

impairment of relationships with clients and employees of the acquired companies or our clients and employees as a result of the integration of acquired operations and new management personnel. 

The
Company may suffer from a lack of liquidity . 

By
incurring indebtedness, the Company may subject itself to increased debt service obligations which could result in operating and financing
covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. This would impair our ability to hire the necessary senior and support personnel
required for our business, as well carry out its acquisition strategy and other business objectives. 

The
Company has only been able to secure asset-based lending at this time. 

The
Company relies on its factoring relationship with Gulf Coast Bank which is based on account receivable balance. As of December 31, 2022,
Maslow could raise an additional 2,257 in cash through factoring. In the past Maslow has tried to tap non-asset-based lending but the
market for such loans is challenging and the Vivos Group s association has prevented loans from proceeding in the past. Thus, Maslow
at this time is limited in borrowing based on the amount of unfactored accounts receivable that is available. 

The
Company services numerous geographic areas, and therefore may be subject to risks such as natural disasters and travel-related disruptions,
which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
operate in all U.S. states and in numerous countries around the world. To do so, we often send workers to locations that could be affected
by various factors beyond our control that could adversely affect our ability to service our clients. These factors could also affect
our employees, vendors, insurance carriers and other contractual counterparties. Such factors include: 

war,
 terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events; 

outbreaks
 of pandemic or contagious diseases or consumers concerns relating to potential exposure to contagious diseases; 

natural
 disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornados, floods and volcanic eruptions and man-made disasters; 

bad
 weather and even forecasts of bad weather, including abnormally hot, cold and/or wet weather; 

oil
 prices and travel costs and the financial condition of the airline, automotive and other transportation-related industries, any travel-related
 disruptions or incidents and their impact on travel; and 

actions
 or statements by U.S. and foreign governmental officials related to travel and corporate travel-related activities (including changes
 to the U.S. visa rules) and the resulting public perception of such travel and activities. 

Any
one or more of these factors could adversely affect our ability to offer services to clients, which could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

A
downturn of the U.S. or global economy could result in our clients using fewer workforce solutions or becoming unable to pay us for our
services on a timely basis or at all, which would materially adversely impact our business. 

Because
demand for workforce solutions and services, particularly staffing services, is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity,
our business may suffer during an economic downturn resulting from among other things the COVID-19 pandemic. During periods of weak economic
growth or economic contraction, the demand for staffing services typically declines. When demand drops, our operating profit is typically
impacted unfavorably as we experience a deleveraging of our selling and administrative expense base as expenses may not decline as quickly
as revenues. In periods of decline, we can only reduce selling and administrative expenses to a certain level without negatively impacting
our long-term prospects. Additionally, during economic downturns companies may slow the rate at which they pay their vendors, or they
may become unable to pay their obligations. If our clients become unable to pay amounts owed to us, or pay us more slowly, then our cash
flow and profitability may suffer. 

Client
services may be terminated on short notice, leaving us vulnerable to a significant loss in revenue. 

Client
staffing needs can change and as a result we could lose staffing or EOR headcount rather quickly. In early 2020, this was the case when
Client A announced the cancellation of two (2) live anchor multiple hour Client B sports programs, which had an estimated 4,000 impact
on the Company. In 2022, our client did rebid on a government contract, and it was awarded to another party. The end customer required
a minority or disadvantaged business to own the contract, a requirement that our Company cannot meet. The result was a loss of approximately
 130 in revenue in 2022 and a 2023 go forward revenue impact of approximately 320. A reduction in such needs and resulting loss of clients
or placements at clients could result in a significant decrease in revenue within a short period of time that would be difficult to quickly
replace. 

Inability
to retain or attract new clients. 

The growth
and profitability of our business is dependent upon our ability to retain and capture new clients. Our ability to achieve success in
both areas is reliant in large part on our sales and service organization. If we are unable to execute effectively, or our selected business
development efforts falter, we may not be able to attract a significant number of new clients and our existing client base could shrink,
resulting in an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 

Concentration
Risk of Customers 

Our business relies
on relationships with several large customers to generate a large portion of our revenue. This revenue concentration in a relatively
small number of customers make us particularly dependent on factors affecting those companies. Workforce clients Client A, Client C,
Client B, and Client D made up approximately 58.8 of our 2022 revenues. In addition, these four customers account for approximately
87.6 of our accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. 

We
face risks related to health pandemics, wars, inflation, and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, including COVID-19 and
its variants, or other potential causes of global instability which could significantly disrupt our operations and impact our financial
results. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 

Our
stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for our shareholders . 

The
market price of common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile for the foreseeable future. The market price of common
stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the factors listed
below: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 

any
 financial projections we provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

lack
 of securities analyst coverage; 

effect
 of applicable penny stock rules and FINRA Rule 2111; 

21 

failure
 of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our Company, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts
 who follow our Company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

ratings
 change by any securities analysts who follow our Company; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

changes
 in operating performance and stock market valuations of other business services companies generally, or those in our industry in
 particular; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 

changes
 in our board of directors or management; 

sales
 of large blocks of Company common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant shareholders; 

lawsuits
 threatened or filed against us; 

short
 sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 

general
 economic conditions in the United States and abroad; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events. 

In
addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices
of equity securities of many business services companies. Stock prices of many business services companies have fluctuated in a manner
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, shareholders have instituted securities class
action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us
to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

Common
stock is subject to risks arising from restrictions on reliance on Rule 144 by shell companies or former shell companies. 

Under
a regulation of the SEC known as Rule 144, a person who beneficially owns restricted securities of an issuer and who is
not an affiliate of that issuer may sell them without registration under the Securities Act provided that certain conditions have been
met. One of these conditions is that such person has held the restricted securities for a prescribed period, which will be 6 months for
common stock. However, Rule 144 is unavailable for the resale of securities issued by an issuer that is a shell company (other than a
business combination related shell company) or, unless certain conditions are met, that has been at any time previously a shell company. 

The
SEC defines a shell company as a company that has (a) no or nominal operations and (b) either (i) no or nominal assets, (ii) assets consisting
solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (iii) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

As
a result of the Merger described in Item 1.01, the Company ceased being a shell company as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act. 

While
we believe that as a result of the Merger, Reliability ceased to be a shell company, the SEC and others whose approval is required for
shares to be sold under Rule 144 might take a different view. 

22 

Rule
144 is available for the resale of securities of former shell companies if and for as long as the following conditions are met: 

(i) 
 the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

(ii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(iii) 
 the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

(iv) 
 at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company known as Form 10 Information. 

Although
the Company has filed Form 10 Information with the SEC on its Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 29, 2019, shareholders who receive
the Company s restricted securities will not be able to sell them pursuant to Rule 144 without registration until the Company has
met the other conditions to this exception and then for only as long as the Company continues to meet the condition described in subparagraph
(iii), above, and is not a shell company. No assurance can be given that the Company will meet these conditions or that, if it has met
them, it will continue to do so, or that it will not again be a shell company. 

The
issuance of the additional shares of common stock could cause the value of common stock to decline. 

The
sale or issuance of a substantial number of shares of common stock, or anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us
to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish. Further, if we do sell
or issue more common stock, any investors investment in the Company will be diluted. Moreover, the Company has outstanding warrants.
The conversion or exercise of the warrants for shares of Company common stock would dilute the common shareholders. If significant dilution
occurs, any investment in common stock could significantly decline in value. 

The
application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of common stock and increase transaction costs
to sell those shares. This can be exacerbated by the current low float of the stock in relation to the shares outstanding. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

the
 broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has enough knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

23 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of common stock and cause a decline in the market value of Common Stock. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and
sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted Rule 2111 that requires a broker-dealer to have reasonable
grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative
low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the
customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA
believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The
FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy Common Stock, which may limit your
ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future . 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We
anticipate that we will retain all our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR PREVIOUS STATUS AS A SHELL COMPANY 

We
may have contingent liabilities related to our operations prior to the Merger of which we are not aware and for which we have not adequately
provided for. For example, in October 2022, we learned about a Vivos IT, LLC lawsuit against Second Wind Consultants SWC in May 2019 which included MMG as a plaintiff. SWC is seeking to collect the balance of 403 not paid by the Vivos Group. In July 2021
the Company paid 475 plus 3 in attorney fees to settle a debt owed by the Vivos Group to Libertas Funding, LLC Libertas ).
This settlement relieved MMG from obligation to Libertas given the Vivos Group had included MMG as a signing company to its debt in July
2018 (See Item 1). In March 2022, Vivos Real Estate defaulted on its mortgage loan with FVCBank for which Maslow was listed as a guarantor. 

We
identified as a shell company with no operating activities prior to the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, we acquired all of the
operations of The Maslow Media Group, Inc. Prior to the consummation of the Merger, Reliability Incorporated was engaged from 1971 to
2007 in the design, manufacture, market, and support of high-performance equipment used to test and condition integrated circuits. This
business was closed in 2007. We cannot assure you that there are no material claims outstanding, or other circumstances of which we are
not aware, that would give rise to a material liability relating to those prior operations, even though we do not record any provisions
in our financial statements related to any such potential liability. If we are subject to past claims or material obligations relating
to our operations prior to the consummation of the Merger, such claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

RISK
RELATED TO THE MERGER AND OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 

Costs
of being a public company and risks associated with having been a shell. 

We
are now incurring increased costs with demands upon management and accounting and finance resources as a result of complying with the
laws and regulations affecting public companies; any failure to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting
or to recruit, train and retain necessary accounting and finance personnel could have an adverse effect on our ability to accurately
and timely prepare our consolidated financial statements. 

24 

We
identified as a shell company with no recent operating activities prior to the Merger. Upon completion of the Merger, we acquired all
the operations of The Maslow Media Group. Inc. As a public operating company, we are now incurring significant administrative, legal,
accounting, and other burdens and expenses beyond those of a private company, including those associated with corporate governance requirements
and public company reporting obligations. We have already enhanced and supplemented our internal accounting resources with additional
accounting and finance personnel, with the requisite technical and public company experience and expertise, as well as refined our quarterly
and annual financial statement closing process, to enable us to satisfy such reporting obligations. Additionally, in the fall of 2020
we implemented an enhanced accounting system. However, even with perceived success in doing so, there can be no assurance that our finance
and accounting organization will be able to adequately meet the increased demands that result from being a public company. 

Furthermore,
we are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to document and test our internal control procedures and prepare annual management assessments
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. These assessments will need to include disclosure of identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Testing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting
will involve significant costs and could divert management s attention from other matters that are important to our business. Additionally,
we cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in remediating any deficiencies that may be identified. If we are unable
to remediate any such deficiencies or otherwise fail to establish and maintain adequate accounting systems and internal control over
financial reporting, or we are unable to recruit, train and retain necessary accounting and finance personnel, we may not be able to
accurately and timely prepare our consolidated financial statements and otherwise satisfy our public reporting obligations. Any inaccuracies
in our consolidated financial statements or other public disclosures (in particular if resulting in the need to restate previously filed
financial statements), or delays in our making required SEC filings, could have a material adverse effect on the confidence in our financial
reporting, our credibility in the marketplace and the trading price of common stock. 

We
devote significant resources to address public company-associated requirements, including compliance programs as well as our financial
reporting obligations. Complying with these rules and regulations has substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs
and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

Our
Common Stock may not be eligible for listing on a national securities exchange . 

Our
Common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, and we do not currently meet the initial quantitative listing
standards of a national securities exchange. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of any national
securities exchange, or, if we do meet such initial qualitative listing standards, that we will be able to maintain any such listing.
Our Common stock is currently quoted on the pink sheets OTC of the OTC Marketplace under the symbol of RLBY , and, unless
and until our Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange, we expect that it will continue to be eligible and quoted on
the pink sheets, to which time we are eligible to apply to the OTCQB or OTCQX. In order to qualify for the OTCQB for instance,
we would need our float to be a minimum of 5 of outstanding shares to even apply for an exception. Currently our float is 9.8 of outstanding.
In those venues, however, an investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Stock.
In addition, if we continue to fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on
broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations
normally deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling common stock, which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make
it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

We
cannot predict whether there will be an active trading market for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may remain
volatile. 

Given
our low float of approximately 29,523,512 shares and the absence of an active trading market shareholders may have difficulty buying
and selling our common stock at all or at the price you consider reasonable. Market visibility for shares of our common stock may be
limited, which may have a depressive effect on the market price for shares of our common stock and on our ability to raise capital or
make acquisitions by issuing our common stock. 

25 

Our
compliance with regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure has resulted and may in the future result in additional
expenses. 

Evolving
disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. New or changing
laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result,
their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance
practices. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards of a public company are likely to continue
to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities
to compliance activities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company does not have any active office leases at this time and has been operating the Company in a remote environment since April of
2020. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these, or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. Except as set forth below, we are not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims against the Company. 

On
or about February 25, 2020, the Company, as plaintiff, filed a complaint with the Circuit Court of Montgomery County, Maryland against
Vivos Holdings, LLC, Vivos Real Estate Holdings, LLC and Mr. Naveen Doki, to enforce Maslow s rights under certain promissory notes
and a personal guarantee made by the defendants. 

On
August 9, 2021, Reliability filed an additional claim in the Debt Collection Suit and Vivos Default Counterclaim in the Circuit Court
of Montgomery County, Maryland against Doki, Valleru, Pathuri, Janumpally, Igly, and Judos, that the Respondents breached the Merger
Agreement in a number of significant respects and committed fraud in connection with the Merger. 

On
September 7, 2021, the Company entered in Arbitration and Tolling Agreements with alleged shareholder Naveen Doki, M.D., and his affiliates
and all other persons who were parties to the pending litigation previously reported in the Texas, New York and Maryland courts and before
the American Arbitration Association. The Agreements call for the stay or dismissal of the pending litigation, with the parties agreeing
to resolve their disputes before a single arbitrator in Maryland. The parties also agreed to maintain the status quo in corporate governance
and related matters pending a final non-appealable judgment confirming any award in arbitration. The parties also signed a Tolling Agreement
to toll the statute of limitations following the dismissal of a pending litigation. 

On
August 2, 2022, VREH filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection in the District Court of Maryland. This action prevented the Arbitrator
from providing any ruling relating to Note II in the arbitration case at the time of his award. 

On
August 24 , 2022, the Company filed a motion to stay the VREH Bankruptcy filing to allow the Arbitrator to rule on the claims
against VREH. The motion to lift the stay was granted by the court on September 16, 2022, after the initial award by the Arbitrator. 

26 

On
August 31, 2022, the Arbitrator issued an award (the Award with the Company with MMG prevailing on their claims. The Company
and MMG were awarded the following: 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Vivos under Note I (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 3,458, with interest thereon from June
 30, 2022, at the rate of 4.5 per year; 

no
 award as to Note II (as defined in the Award) until and at such time as the automatic stay imposed by the United States Bankruptcy
 Court as a result of the filing of a petition in bankruptcy by VREH is lifted or the bankruptcy proceeding is terminated; 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Vivos under Note III (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 800, with interest thereon from June
 30, 2022, at the rate of 2.5 per year, plus collection costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in the effort
 to collect Note III; 

an
 award in favor of MMG against Naveen under the Personal Guaranty (as defined in the Award) in the amount of 2,309, plus interest
 thereon at the rate of 6 per year from the date of the Award; 

an
 award in favor of the Company against Naveen, Valleru, Janumpally, individually and as Trustee of Judos Trust, and Pathuri, as Trustee
 of Igly Trust, jointly and severally, for contract damages of 1,000, to be satisfied by the transfer of their shares of the Company
 common stock to the Company equal in value to 1,000, valued as of the date of the Award, in accordance with the provisions of Section
 9.06(d) of the Merger Agreement; 

an
 award in favor of the Company against Naveen, Valleru, Janumpally, individually and as Trustee of Judos Trust, and Pathuri, as Trustee
 of Igly Trust, jointly and severally, for fraud damages in the amount of 4,327, plus interest thereon at the rate of 6 per year
 from the date of the Award, together with any out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including attorneys and accountants 
 fees; 

an
 award appointing a rehabilitative receiver for the Company under the deadlock situation provisions of Section 11.404(a)(1)(B) of
 the Texas Business Organizations Code, the primary function of which is to collect the contract and fraud damages, including costs,
 expenses and fees provided in the Award, due to the Company, with matters regarding such receivership to be set forth in a supplemental
 award; and 

declaratory
 relief in favor of the Company and its officers and directors. 

Section
11.404(a)(1)(B) of the Texas Business Organizations Code provides for the appointment of a rehabilitative receiver when the governing
persons of the entity are deadlocked in the management of the entity s affairs, the owners or members of the entity are unable
to break the deadlock, and irreparable injury to the entity is being suffered or is threatened because of the deadlock. With respect
to the receivership, the owners or holders of all of the shares of common stock of the Company received as a result of the conversion
of 1,600 shares of common stock of MMG owed by Naveen and Valleru under the Merger Agreement shall not be entitled to vote any of those
shares at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders of the Company during the period of the receivership. Upon the completion
of the receiver s primary function of collecting damages due to the Company, the receivership shall terminate and the restrictions
on the rights of the shareholders of the Company imposed by the Award shall be lifted. 

The
parties to the Arbitration filed their requests related to the Supplemental Award and the assignment of a Receiver to the Arbitrator
on November 23, 2022. The Company does not have a definitive date by which it will receive the supplemental award identified in the Arbitration
Award dated August 31, 2022, but hopes it will be received before the end of the second quarter 2023. 

The
following legal proceedings where Vivos Group borrowings impacting MMG: 

On
August 2, 2022, VREH filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland. The Automatic stay imposed
by bankruptcy law prevented the Arbitrator from providing any ruling relating to Note II in the arbitration case at the time of his award. 

On
August 24 , 2022, the Company filed a motion to modify the automatic stay in the VREH Bankruptcy case filing to allow the Arbitrator
to rule on the Company s claims against VREH. The Court granted the motion to modify the stay on September 16, 2022, after the
initial award by the Arbitrator. The parties submitted material for clarification of the Award on March 7, 2023, and March 20, 2023,
which included proposed language for an award to be entered against VREH, in light of the bankruptcy court order lifting the stay. 

In
September 2022 MMG learned that Vivos IT, LLC lawsuit against Second Wind Consultants SWC in May 2019 included MMG as
a plaintiff. The lawsuit brought claims of Fraud in the inducement, unjust enrichment and other monetary claims against SWC. The 5 parties
suing SWC, included Vivos IT, LLC, Maslow Media Group, Suresh Venkat Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru The lawsuit related to a debt
restructuring services agreement secured by Suresh Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru to assist the following then owned Vivos entities:
Maslow Media Group, Inc., Health Care Resources Network, Inc., Mettler Michael, Inc., 360 IT Professionals, Inc. and US IT Solutions,
Inc., SWC countersued all plaintiffs on September 30th, 2019 seeking to collect the balance of 403 not paid by the Vivos Group.
This was not disclosed to Maslow Management or to Reliability before the Merger closed on October 29, 2019. 

Maslow
has retained Counsel and has filed a motion to include all original parties to the SWC agreement, as two of the original parties were
not in the original filings (HCRN Media Solutions). Counsel for SWC requested an extension to the deadline to respond to this motion
but has failed to respond before the extension deadline received. The motion is currently being considered by the court. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

MARKET
INFORMATION AND HOLDERS 

The
Company s common stock trades in the over-the-counter market under the symbol RLBY. The high and low sale prices for 2022 and 2021
are set forth below. High and Low price is based on the last trading day of quarter. 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

2022 

High 

.0570 

.0659 

.1250 

.0769 

Low 

.0230 

.0400 

.0440 

.0420 

2021 

High 

.0900 

.0900 

.3760 

.1095 

Low 

.0462 

.0281 

.0160 

.0310 

The
Company paid no cash dividends in 2021 or 2022. 

As
of March 22, 2023, the last reported sales price for Company Common Stock was .0505 per share. 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were 523 holders of record of Company Common Stock. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

None 

RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

None 

SHARE
REPURCHASES 

None 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The
following tables set forth our summary consolidated historical financial data. You should read the information set forth below in conjunction
with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated
historical financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The statement of operations
data for the fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 set forth below are derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

December 31, 
 
 Balance Sheet Data: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Working capital 
 8,645 
 9,361 
 
 Total assets 
 13,490 
 14,288 
 
 Total outstanding borrowings, net 
 2,619 
 946 
 
 Total other long-term liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 8,671 
 9,410 

28 

December
 31, 

Statement
 of Operation Data: 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenues 

25,725 

26,246 

Gross
 profit 

3,494 

3,266 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

4,400 

3,567 

Operating
 loss 

(906) 

(301) 
 
 Interest
 income 

53 

- 

Interest
 income from related parties 

232 

274 

Interest
 expense 

(171) 

(39) 
 
 Impairment
 of goodwill and other intangible assets 

- 

(688) 
 
 Other
 income (expense) 

223 

9,631 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

(569) 

8,877 

Income
 tax benefit (expense) 

(170) 

(984) 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 

(739) 

7,893 

December
 31, 

Net
 Income (Loss) Per Share: 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net
 income (loss) per share basic 

.00 

.03 

Net
 income (loss) per share diluted 

.00 

.03 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding basic 

300,000,000 

300,000,000 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding diluted 

300,000,000 

300,000,000 

December
 31, 

Other
 Financial Data: 
 
 2022 

2021 

OIBITDA
 (1) 

577 

674 

(1)
 We present OIBITDA as a measure that is not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles non-GAAP ),
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to provide investors with a supplemental measure of our operating performance. We believe that OIBITDA
is a useful performance measure and is employed by us to facilitate comparisons of our operating performance on a consistent basis from
period-to-period and to provide for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our core business than measures under
generally accepted accounting principles GAAP can provide alone. Our board and management also use OIBITDA as some of
the primary methods for planning and forecasting overall expected performance and for evaluating on a quarterly and annual basis actual
result against such expectations, and as a performance evaluation metric in determining achievement of certain compensation programs
and plans for our management and organization. 

We
define OIBITDA as operational earnings before interest expense, related party interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense,
loss on early extinguishment of debt and related party debt, transaction fees and costs related to our corporate overhead which consist
mainly of costs associated with being a public company. Omitting interest, taxes and the other items provides a financial measure that
facilitates comparisons of our results of operations with those of companies having different capital structures. Since the levels of
indebtedness and tax structures that other companies have are different from ours, we omit these amounts to facilitate investors 
ability to make like comparisons. Similarly, we omit depreciation and amortization because many other companies likely employ a greater
amount of property and intangible assets. We omit corporate or non-operating costs as they are meant to be allocated against a larger
operational base which our business plan outlines. As we grow our operations organically and through M A activities these corporate
costs are absorbed more equitably, we will use Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA as our means of measuring comparable operational performance to other companies in our industry. We also believe that investors, analysts
and other interested parties view our ability to generate OIBITDA as an important measure of our operating performance and that of other
companies in our industry. OIBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) for the periods indicated as a measure
of our performance. 

29 

The
use of OIBITDA has limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these performance measures in isolation from, or as an
alternative to, GAAP measures such as net income (loss). OIBITDA is not a measure of liquidity under GAAP or otherwise and is not an
alternative to cash flow from continuing operating activities. Our presentation of OIBITDA should not be construed as an inference that
our future results will be unaffected by the expenses that are excluded from that term or by unusual or non-recurring items. The limitations
of OIBITDA include: (i) it does not reflect our corporate expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual
commitments; (ii) it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (iii) it does not reflect income
tax payments we may be required to make; and (iv) it does not reflect the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal
payments associated with indebtedness. 

To
properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage you to review our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the reconciliation to OIBITDA from net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure
presented in accordance with GAAP, set forth in the following table. All the items included in the reconciliation from net income (loss)
to OIBITDA are either (i) corporate costs or (ii) items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance.
In the case of the other items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance, management believes
that investors may find it useful to assess our operating performance if the measures are presented without these items because their
financial impact may not reflect on-going operating performance. 

OIBITDA
calculation comparison for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (906 
 (301 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 32 
 72 
 
 Sales, general, and administrative 
 1,451 
 903 

577 
 674 

Operational
performance comparison for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

25,725 

26,246 

Gross
 profit 

3,494 

3,266 

OIBITDA 

577 

674 

Net
 income (loss) 

(739) 

7,893 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section includes several forward-looking
statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that reflect our current views with respect to
future events and financial performance. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including, but not
limited to, statements about our plans, strategies, adequacy of resources and future financial results (such as revenue, gross profit,
operating profit, cash flow), are forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by words like
 anticipates, believes, expects, may, will, can, could, 
 should, intends, project, predict, plans, estimates, 
 goal, target, possible, potential, would, seek, and
similar references to future periods. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Because these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions that are
subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control or are subject to change,
actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us and our clients; our ability to access the capital markets by pursuing additional debt and equity
financing to fund our business plan and expenses; our continued inability to issue additional shares of equity securities; negative outcome
of pending and future claims and litigation and our ability to comply with our contractual covenants, including in respect of our debt;
potential loss of clients and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods; weakness in general economic conditions
and levels of capital spending by customers in the industries we serve; weakness or volatility in the financial and capital markets,
which may result in the postponement or cancellation of our customers projects or the inability of our customers to pay our fees;
delays or reductions in U.S. government spending; credit risks associated with our customers; competitive market pressures; the availability
and cost of qualified labor; our level of success in attracting, training and retaining qualified management personnel and other staff
employees; changes in tax laws and other government regulations, including the impact of health care reform laws and regulations; the
possibility of incurring liability for our business activities, including, but not limited to, the activities of our temporary employees;
our performance on customer contracts; and government policies, legislation or judicial decisions adverse to our businesses. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We assume no obligation
to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. We recommend
readers to carefully review the entirety of this Annual Report, including the Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report
and the other reports and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), particularly
our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our reports on Form 8-K. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations, our expectations regarding the future performance
of our business and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You
should read the following discussion together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other
financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our
financial information may not be indicative of our future performance. 

30 

EXECUTIVE
OVERVIEW 

2022
was a challenging year for Reliability and our wholly owned operational entity Maslow Media Group. Although our revenues declined by
 521 or 2.1 to 2021 and by 12 or 3,507 to 2020; conversely though, our gross profits of 3,494 were 228 over 2021 and 20 over 2020 s
totals. The more attractive gross profit on lower revenues is reflected by our ever-increasing gross margin which reached 13.6 in 2022
versus 12.4 in 2001 and 11.9 in 2020. This was the fourth consecutive year that MMG s gross margin percentage has increased and
represents an 8.7 compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) over the last three of those years. 

This
consistent improvement of gross margins has been driven by renewal pricing increases, changes in volume discounts, billing for added
overhead, equipment rental price increases, and client mix in which a greater share of our business has shifted to more favorable company
terms. 

The
time, effort and expense put into the arbitration proceedings (see section1) in the first half of 2022 detracted from officer focus on
sales, our strategic focus and thus distracted from our ability to fully drive stockholder value. In the fourth quarter, MMG
made changes to the sales organization with the intent on driving more immediate new business. The arbitration award has assisted the
Company in attracting many new additions to our corporate team. These additions to our team will assist us in strengthening client relationships
while providing a better employee experience for our talent working in the field. 

Demand
for Maslow EOR services has not recovered to pre-2020 COVID 19 COVID levels as the Media business was profoundly impacted
by the stay at home and vaccination mandates. Maslow s clients have been slower to return to full schedules even as federal, state
and local governments have lifted COVID-19 restrictions. Some mask and vaccine mandates still impact the total number of MMG employees
assigned to our clients. Consequently, our business has been slow to recover to 2019 levels when our revenues were 38,444. In the first
quarter of 2020 our performance, compared to the same period in 2019 saw an increase of 500 with 8,801 to 8,301 despite a swoon in
the last two weeks of the quarter when stay at home orders from state and the Federal Government began taking effect. 

In
addition to the impact of the pandemic, some of our larger clients have experienced internal reorganization, show cancellations, and
budget reductions that have impacted their utility of our services. For instance, one client cancelled two nationally syndicated shows
that we had been staffing. Regardless, COVID-19 and the response to the pandemic took its toll as the remaining three quarters MMG saw
quarterly 2020 declines of 46 , 38.5 , and 13.7 respectively compared to 2019, and ended up 2020 with 29,202 in revenue. 

In
2021 we realized an additional decline of revenue down 10.1 from 2020 levels to 26,246. Besides the slower return to work nature of
the media business, there was a mix of new and more active clients, and those who had large downward budget shifts. 

The
final three quarters of revenue performance in 2021 were on par with 2020 with 20,452 realized over 20,401 in 2020, demonstrating the
strength of the 2020 first quarter that was abruptly halted by the pandemic. So, in essence of 2021 revenue was on par with
2020. However, most of MMG s larger clients were slow to ramp back up, and we suffered steep long-term revenue declines due to
client attrition, internal reorganizations or budget cuts (i.e., Client A), an insourcing of their media needs, offshoring altogether,
or cut altogether This paradigm has not allowed for revenues to begin returning to pre-COVID-19 2019 levels. The 6 largest attritted
customers represented a 4,385 loss of revenue in 2021 over 2020, with Client B accounting for another 1,204. Client B had actually
eliminated certain programming resulting in an estimated 4,000 loss in 2021 annual revenue. Client B s 2021 to 2020 annual net
revenue decline wound up being 1,204 as they increased revenue activity by 2,796 in other areas of their business. 

In
2022, MMG seemed poised to be on pace to beat 2021 s annual revenue total of 26,246, but an abrupt curtailment of staffing over
the holidays lasting approximately 2 weeks by five of our top 6 clients, resulted in a steep decline in revenue especially when compared
to the previous 2 years also making December of 2022 the lowest revenue month of 2022. MMG revenues in December 2022 comparative to 2021
were down 1,401 or 46 and 1,169 or 41 to December 2020. 

As
a result, annual revenue slipped by 521 to 25,725 compared to 26,246 in the year ending December 31, 2021. 

31 

However,
despite the revenue decline in 2022 to 2021 year over year by 2 , MMG s gross profit increased by 228 or 7 in the year ending
December 31, 2022, compared to a year ago, as our margins continue to ascend to new heights on the strength of our EOR business that
saw margins increase to 12 in the year ended December 31, 2022, from 9.8 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Since EOR revenue in
2022 of 21,894 represents 85.1 of our overall revenue, this business segment clearly drove our company margin improvement. 

The
improved EOR margins can be attributed to four factors, two within and two outside our control; changes in pricing upon client renewals,
new pricing for equipment rentals, larger margin clients dominating the product mix, and greater use of W2 employees by our clients which
yield on average 1.2 higher margins. It also helped that we maintained strong non-EOR margins at 22.3 . Thus, our annual gross margin
percentage of 13.6 represented a fourth consecutive year of growth; comparing 12.4 and 11.9 in 2021 and 2020 respectively and 10.6 
in 2019. 

But
what could not be managed proportionately in 2021 was our SG A which rose 23.3 to 4,400 as corporate non-operational costs, consisting
mostly of public company and legal costs added 1,451, which represented 548 of the 820 SG A increase when comparing the year ending
December 31, 2022, to the same period in 2021. Operationally SG A at 2,949 was 285 over the 2,665 in SG A spend in 2021. 

As
far as cash is concerned, in 2022 our cash position remained strong due to our receiving 1,651 in Employee Retention Credits (ERC) from
the first quarter of 2021. We are still due 1,174 from the second quarter 2021 that was filed via a 941X form and received by the IRS
in December 2021. We accrued an additional 26 for interest using the IRS interest schedule. 

Our
working capital though has assumed repayment of Vivos Debtors which as of December 31, 2022, was 8,645. Our adjusted working capital
excluding the 5,251 in Vivos Debtor notes is 3,394. 

2023
and Beyond 

We
are investing in new technologies and bringing on additional staffing professionals to grow the staffing side of our business in 2023.
EOR has been the Company s primary focus for a long time and 2023 brings a focus on growing our Direct Hire, Staffing Recruiting
solutions. That said, our determination of what service to bring to each client depends on individual needs. But when it comes to non-media
staffing, we certainly can focus more on IT and administrative opportunities with our existing customers while opening up new opportunities. 

Once
the Vivos Matter award has been settled the Company may contemplate moving forward with its original plans to increase outstanding shares
by authorizing new ones or via a reverse split to acquire synergistic staffing companies to grow more quickly. The Company would also
like to move to the OTCQB and or OTCQX on its way to eventually being listed on the NASDAQ Exchange. The Company continues to work towards
meeting all of the requirements to pursue up listing the OTC-QB or OTC-QX exchanges. Once collection of the Vivos Debtors has taken place,
MMG may consider moving forward with this initiative. 

Virtual
staffing is no longer a limited niche for certain companies and certain positions. Virtual scenarios are also favored by Generation Z
which values work-life balance as one of the most important factors when deciding on a company to work for. Considering the perks that
remote working offers, and the keen interest shown by employees from different age groups, we believe that remote working will be prevalent
in 2023 and beyond. This paradigm however should not adversely impact MMG, in that whether media jobs are filled virtually or not, MMG
has the pipeline of talent to fill these diversified roles. 

Furthermore,
we believe given the changing nature in specialized staffing there exists a greater opportunity to expand our EOR business as it offers
businesses of all types and industries, more flexibility in, on, and off boarding employees as well as managing 1099 risk. As for media,
IT and finance and accounting staffing is concerned, we believe it will grow but there are also opportunities to get into staffing specialties
which represent areas where we see the most rebound or a robust demand. While we will continue to focus on growing the contingent staffing
side of our business, our splash into Direct Hire staffing, has opened up a new avenue in business of diversified relationships (Media,
IT, and finance and administrative roles) that have strengthened our gross margins and has the potential to grow and flourish. 

32 

Our
focus on traditional staffing has resulted in some early success in filling client Direct Hire needs, having added 167 in high margin
revenue in 2022. 

This
focus reflects our desire to shift our portfolio toward a higher margin, higher value proposition. 

As
a result, we have continued to move forward with our diversified offerings and future specialization staffing strategy, updating our
already expert operating model and organizing our business to maximize acquisition and retention of client accounts. 

One
concern is the low probably of maintaining the National Football League s (NFL) RedZone channel programming after this past season
ended in January 2023. Client B, which had the rights to its own RedZone broadcast since 2005, lost those rights as a result of Google/YouTube s 14
billion, 7-year deal for Sunday Ticket rights. Consequently, the NFL will only offer the version of the NFL RedZone 
channel produced by the NFL Network next season. 

Although
we staff other events for Client B, the loss of this programming could impact MMG between 2- 3M in annual revenue. MMG will continue
to pursue other opportunities at Client B and the continued staffing of sports programming of this type. 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

Maslow
is a national provider of employer of record, recruiting and staffing services, consisting of media and IT resources. We provide services
to client primarily within the United States of America. 

Our
services consist of: 

Employer
 of Record EOR ): A unique workforce solution for any organization who seeks efficiency in employee administrative management
 including payroll and benefits, labor risk associated with compliance with federal-state and local regulations including Fair Labor
 Standards Act FLSA ), in onboarding and offboarding employees, and in managing benefit costs. One major difference
 in this service offering is that our customers usually source the talent and MMG hires and leases the employees to our customers.

Recruiting
 and Staffing: Staffing covering a wide variety of specialties. Currently Media and Information Technology IT encompass
 most of our placements. 

Video
 and Multimedia Production: With 35 years of experience, the Company s subsidiary, Maslow offers script to screen expertise
 including producers, audio engineers, editors, broadcasters, makeup artists, camera crews, Gaffers and grips, drone operators and
 more. 

Direct
 Hire: Also referred to as Direct Hires, we strategically recruit and fill a variety of fulltime roles for our customers which is
 only limited by our recruiting capabilities which are diversified. 

The
Company s subsidiary, The Maslow Media Group, Inc. Maslow is currently the only operating entity for the business.
After our Merger in October 2019, non-operational expenses (e.g., public company fees, D O insurance, investor relations, etc.) were
assigned at the corporate level. This enables a more pristine focused view of the operational side of the business we refer to as Operational
Income Before Depreciation, Interest, and Amortization. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Maslow
had revenues totaling 25,725 in 2022, which was a 2 decrease over 26,246 in 2021. The 521 decline can be attributed to several factors
including the slower return to normal work schedules for our media EOR and staffing customers from COVID-19 shutdowns and work from home
mandates. 

Overall,
Maslow lost 4,529 to 10 accounts with declining revenues => 100, which mostly declines in revenue by Client E as they moved their
creative business to an overseas competitor and Client A, which scaled back and moved several EOR staff to the Client A payroll. Other
clients scaled back their media budgets. 

Conversely,
we added 4,290 from 8 accounts that had => 100 in revenue in 2022 from 2021. Client C stepped up their programs as did Client B,
and several others in the insurance, education, and healthcare space. 

33 

From
a revenue contribution standpoint our top 10 clients represented 22,940 which is 86.1 of 2022 revenues which is an increase in top
10 revenue reliance as in 2021 the top 10 represented 85.5 , or 21,628. 2020 saw a 78.4 top 10 reliance of revenue at 23,160. 

31
in rebates were issued in December 2022 which was 2 less than a year ago when they were 33 in 2021. 

The
following tables summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage
of revenues, and have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 25,725 
 26,246 
 
 Cost of services 
 22,231 
 22,980 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,494 
 3,266 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 4,400 
 3,567 
 
 Operating loss 
 (906 
 (301 
 
 Interest income 
 53 
 - 
 
 Interest income from related parties 
 232 
 274 
 
 Interest expense 
 (171 
 (39 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and intangibles 
 - 
 (688 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 223 
 9,631 
 
 Income/(loss) before taxes 
 (569 
 8,877 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 (170 
 (984 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (739 
 7,893 

Revenues:
By Segment 

2022 
 of Revenue 
 2021 
 of Revenue 
 
 EOR 
 21,894 
 85.1 
 21,346 
 81.3 
 
 Recruiting and Staffing 
 3,468 
 13.5 
 3,613 
 13.8 
 
 Video and Multimedia Production 
 264 
 1.0 
 1,121 
 4.3 
 
 Direct Hire (Formerly Permanent Placement) 
 99 
 0.4 
 166 
 0.6 
 
 Total Revenue 
 25,725 
 100 
 26,246 
 100 

Employer of Record (EOR) Revenues : EOR
represented 85.1 of our revenue in 2022 as opposed to 81.3 in 2021 and 80.8 in 2020. The 2020 to 2022 EOR increase in revenue contribution
can be attributed to this business segment showing signs of returning to pre COVID-19 levels and a lack of growth in our Staffing, Video
Production, and Direct Hire performance. Client A had the largest EOR revenue decline of any client at 1,427, which can be attributed
to a slate of employees moving from our payroll to Client A s. However, Client C and Client B increased their EOR revenue by a combined
 1,878. This 451 revenue variance among the three clients makes up 78.7 of the year over year EOR revenue increase 2022 over 2021. 

Recruiting
and Staffing Revenues : Staffing revenues declined by 145 or 4.2 to 3,468. IT Staffing declined by 287 while our Media Staffing
division increased revenues by 1436 over its 2021 performance. Thus, Media Staffing at 3,176 represented 12.3 of total 2022 annual
revenue, whereas it represented 11.6 of 2021 annual revenue and 6.5 of 2020 revenue. The Media Staffing increase, however, was driven
to a degree by our reclassing staffing activities to Video Production clients after 2021. We believe the approximate impact of this change
was 383. If we look at performance in that light, our Media Staffing declined by an equal amount to IT at 287 in the year ended December
31, 2022, to the same period a year ago. One notable lost account was one which hired us to staff a government contract it elected not
to rebid on. This led to a 131 loss in 2022 revenue when compared to 2021. 

34 

Video
and Multimedia Production Revenues : Video Production, which includes managed services and project freelance work, was down sharply
in revenue in 2022, garnering 264 against 1,121 a year earlier. However, if we factor the estimated 383 that was reclassed to Media
Staffing in 2022, the revenue would have been recorded as 648 and the decline to 2021 revenue would be 473 versus 856. 

This
business was hurt by loss of a customer which provided 119 in revenue in 2021, and reduced demand for production activities by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and The US House of Representatives with the former revenues at 90 for year ending December 31,
2022, from 270 in same period 2021, and the latter down 19 from 457 in 2021 to 370 in 2022. 

Gross
Profit: Gross profit represents revenues from services less cost of services expenses also referred to as Cost of Revenue (COR),
which consist of payroll, payroll taxes, benefits, payroll-related insurance, union benefits, field talent, recruiting software license
fees and reimbursable costs for out-of-pocket items. 

Our
Gross Profits rose in 2022 by 228 or 7 to 3,494 from 3,266 in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our
gross margin is the percentage of revenue after Cost of Revenue (COR). Gross margins increasing to 13.6 in 2022 from 12.4 
in 2021 was the catalyst of our gross profit growth. This was the fourth consecutive year in which MMG has been able to increase its
gross margins, with the compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of such increases being 7.2 . Since 2019, the CAGR is 8.6 . 

Our
margin improvement was driven entirely by our EOR margins increasing 2.2 points to 12 from 9.8 in 2021. The only other business segment
margin improvement was Video Production moving to 23.7 from 19.4 , but this was because of exodus of account revenue to staffing described
above; with the overall impact not being significant because the Video Production contribution to revenue is only 1 . 

EOR
margins which were 9.2 in 2020, have risen to 12 due to price changes to large clients at their contract renewal, a mix in client revenue
favoring those with higher contractual margins, increased use of higher margin W2 over 1099 workers, and equipment rental pricing change
which enabled our gross profits to increase by 51 making up 22 of our 228 gross profit improvement 2022 over 2021. 

Our
Media Staffing, however, saw its gross margins decline 2 points from 22.3 to 20.3 as a consequence of having taken on over 600 in Video
Production revenue at lower margins, and the roles being filled in 2022 having tighter margins. IT Staffing also saw a decline to 21.4 
in 2022 from 26.9 in 2021. But this was the result of far few resources being brought to bear at lower price points leading to margin
compression. This paradigm can reverse itself as this business becomes revitalized. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses SG A : SG A expenses increased 833 to 4,400 from 3,567
largely because of 605 in legal and other professional service fees associated with the Vivos Matter and Arbitration. 

Corporate
non-operational costs inclusive of the 605 were 1,451, were 548 greater in 2022 than in the same period ending December 31, 2021.
 343 of the 1,451 were public company related costs. 

Salaries,
inclusive of commissions, payroll tax, and bonus rose 110 in the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to same period in 2021. Salary
increases by department were driven by client service salaries up 55 as we added headcount and leadership to enable sales to focus on
customer acquisition solely. Human resource (HR) department, which includes field support rose 19 and the executives by 35. Conversely
sales and marketing salaries were down by 32 and accounting and finance down 15. Staff health benefits were up 81 due to rising premium
costs and because we had a large credit for unused portion of our 2020 subsidy booked in 2021. 

The
only other notable variances were commercial legal were up by 46 in 2022 over 2021, mainly due to union negotiations, recruiting
costs; software subscriptions up 35 and recruiting costs increasing by 32. The greatest cost decrease was amortization, down 34
since there were no longer any intangible assets to amortize as the balance was written off entirely in 2021. 

35 

Operational
SG A costs in 2022 were 2,949 which was 284 greater or 10.7 than the 2,665 operational SG A costs in 2021. The largest increase
in spend was on health benefits for all SG A employees at 81. Operational salaries (inclusive of payroll taxes, leave and bonus
only) were 24 higher in 2022 over 2021. 

Interest
Income : Interest income from related parties decreased by 42 from 274 to 232, as a result of last year s accrued interest
income including adjustments to prior periods based on the proper default rates and dates. Maslow earned an additional 23 mostly for
the delay in first quarter ERC receipts which were not paid until August 31, 2022, accrued another 3 for a miscalculation of interest
owed and 26 to cover the earned portion through December 31, 2022, for the second quarter 2021 ERC for 1,174 that we still await payment. 

Other
Income (Expense): Other income was 223 as the catalyst was the Company receiving 211 in additional ERC funds from our 941X
submission for the first quarter 2021, that we thought to be ineligible when it was filed. In the year ending December 31, 2021, MMG
booked 9,681 in Other Income (Expense) as combined PPP loan forgiveness and ERC refunds minus 688 for writing down goodwill and remaining
intangible asset for IQS were aggregated. 

Interest
Expense: Interest expense, increased 132 from 39 to 171 as our borrowing base was higher in 2022 versus 2021, our factoring
interest rate rose from 6 to 9.5 over the course of 2022, and last year our interest expense total included 35 in accrued PPP interest
credit. Thus, the adjusted increase in cost variance interest in 2022 would be 97. 

Income
Taxes: Income tax expense in 2022 was 170 compared to 984 a year ago for the year ending December 31, 2021. Despite the Net
Loss of 739, taxes were posted for additional taxes owed the federal and state governments for 2021 s tax returns which were not
filed until mid-October 2022. There were also penalties and interest charged on the late portion of what was owed the IRS. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our
working capital requirements are driven predominantly by EOR field talent payments, SG A salaries, public company costs, interest
associated with factoring, legal costs associated with the Vivos Matter, and client accounts receivable receipts. Since receipts from
client payments are on average 69 days behind payments to field talent, working capital requirements can be periodically challenged.
We have a Factoring Facility with Gulf Coast Bank which advances 93 of our eligible receivables at an advance rate of 15 basis points,
an interest rate of prime plus 2 ., with our prime floor rate at 4 . As of December 31, 2022, 66.3 of our 5,750 in accounts receivable
was current compared to 70 out of 5,592 which was current in on December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 21.2 is 1 to 30 days past
due compared to 17.9 a year ago, 11.6 between 31 and 60 days past due versus 4.7 in 2021, and 1 greater than 60 days versus 3.6 
at the end of 2021. 

Our
primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations via accounts receivable and borrowings under our Factoring Facility with
Gulf Bank Gulf enabling access to the 7 unfactored portion. Because certain large clients have changed their payment
practices announcing 60- and 90-day terms amounting to a unilateral extension to contractual terms by 30-60 days, we can be adversely
impacted since TBC no longer provides credit if an account obligor pays more than 120 days after the invoice date. 

Our
primary uses of cash are for payments to field talent, corporate and staff employees, related payroll liabilities, operating expenses,
public company costs, including but not limited to general and professional liability and directors and officer s liability insurance
premiums, legal fees, filing fees, auditor and accounting fees, stock transfer services, and board compensation; followed by cash factoring
and other borrowing interest; cash taxes; and debt payments. 

Since
we are an EOR with the majority of contracted talent paid as W-2 employees who are paid known amounts on a consistent schedule; our cash
inflows do not typically align with these required payments, resulting in temporary cash challenges, which is why in the past we have
employed factoring. Because we do also employ 1099 contracted firms and individuals with payments terms which vary from immediate to
30 days, our cash requirements can be quite variable. 

Vivos
Debtors as of December 31, 2022, had notes receivable totaling 5,251, including default on a 3,000 promissory note and on a 750 tax
obligation in December 2019. 

36 

It
was also anticipated that following the Merger, the Company would both access the capital markets by selling additional shares of Company
common stock and use shares of Company common stock as currency to acquire other business revenues. However, all 300 million authorized
shares of Company common stock were issued in connection with the Merger. No shares are expected to become available to the Company until
the legal dispute with the Vivos Debtors and Vivos Group is resolved. At that point the Company can decide whether to amend the Company s
Certificate of Formation to increase the number of authorized shares of Company common stock or approve a reverse-split of the outstanding
shares of Company common stock to provide additional shares for these purposes. No assurance can be given as to when this might take
place. 

Over
the past three years MMG received eligible forgiven PPP Loan totaling 5,216, ERC cash of 3,501 out of eligible 4,676, which has bolstered
working capital enabling us to invest in software, build A/R reserves, and hire needed resources for operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our working capital was 8,645 compared to 9,361 in 2021 and 5,970 at the end of 2020. Once the 1,174 in ERC
is fully refunded, the Company will have more sufficient capital resources, but these are based on government stimulus programs. 

We
anticipate approximately 350 in incremental SG A costs in 2023 as we invest in growth as heads will be added for sales, recruiting
and marketing as well as a new system to improve lifecycle management of payroll and benefits for our clients. We expect these incremental
costs to exceed the reduction in legal fees which in 2023 will not be nearly as intensive as they were in 2022 when we prepared and participated
in a multi week arbitration. We also expect costs in service areas to be up based on inflation. 

A
summary of our operating, investing and financing activities are shown in the following table: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (1,427 
 2,505 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (9 
 (7 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,639 
 (2,544 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 203 
 (46 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
employed by operating activities consists of net income (loss), adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization,
and the effect of working capital changes. The primary drivers of cash inflows and outflows are factoring, accounts receivable and accrued
payroll and expenses. 

During
2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 1,427), a decrease of 3,932 compared with 2,505 for 2021. This decrease is primarily
attributable to net loss and decreases in accounts payable, accrued payroll, accrued expenses, and income tax payable. The holiday season
impact on revenue also decreased the need for cash to pay 1099 and W2 workers. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities consists primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures. 

Financing
Activities 

Cash
used in financing activities in 2022 was 1,639 as compared to cash employed for same purpose totaling 2,544) in 2021. Borrowing
swing of (3,726) was due to operational cash deficiencies cited above due predominantly legal costs for arbitration and now recovery
of final award. A year ago, MMG received ERC cash support in the third and portion of the fourth quarter until the policy change
led to our having to return 842 in January 2022. For the year, Maslow borrowed 13,972 but repatriated 11,342. 

37 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We
had no material off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are likely to have, a current or future material effect on our operations. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

We
have identified the policies listed below as critical to our business and the understanding of our results of operations. For a detailed
discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 3 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. 

On
an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, collectability of accounts receivable,
contingencies, litigation, income taxes, and other liabilities. Management based its estimates and judgments on historical experiences
and on various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results under circumstances and conditions different
than those assumed could result in differences from the estimated amounts in the consolidated financial statements. 

REVENUE
RECOGNITION 

The
Company accounts for revenues when both parties to the contract have approved the contract, the rights and obligations of the parties
and payment terms are identified, and collectability of consideration is probable. Payment terms vary by client and the services
offered. 

We
derive our revenues from four segments: EOR, Recruiting and Staffing (temporary), Direct Hire (Formerly referred to as Permanent
Placement) and Video and Multimedia Production. Revenues are recognized when promised services are delivered to a client, in an
amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. Revenues as presented on the
consolidated statements of operations represent services rendered to client less variable consideration, such as sales adjustments
and allowances. Reimbursements, including those related to out-of-pocket expenses, are also included in revenues, and equivalent
amounts of reimbursable expenses are included in cost of services. 

We
record revenue on a gross basis as a principal versus on a net basis as an agent in the presentation of revenues and expenses. We have
concluded that gross reporting is appropriate because we (i) have the risk of identifying and hiring qualified workers, (ii) have the
discretion to select the workers and establish their price and duties and (iii) we bear the risk for services that are not fully paid
for by client. 

Temporary
staffing revenues are accounted for as a single performance obligation satisfied over time because the customer simultaneously receives
and consumes the benefits of the Company s performance on an hourly basis. The contracts stipulate weekly billing, and the Company
has elected the as invoiced practical expedient to recognize revenue based on the hours incurred at the contractual rate
as we have the right to payment in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of performance completed to date. 

Direct
Hire (formerly referred to as Permanent Placement) revenue is recognized on the date the candidate s full-time employment with
the customer has commenced. The customer is invoiced on the start date, and the contract stipulates payment due under varying terms,
typically 90 days. The contract with the customer stipulates a guarantee period whereby the Company will replace the candidate free
of charge if the employee is terminated within that 90-day period. As such, the Company s performance obligations are satisfied
upon commencement of employment, at which point control has transferred to the customer. 

38 

Allowances,
recorded as a liability, are established to estimate these losses. Fees to clients are generally calculated as a percentage of the new
worker s annual compensation. No fees for Direct Hire services are charged to employment candidates. 

Video
and Multimedia Production revenues from contracts with clients are recognized in the amount to which we have a right to invoice when the
services are rendered by our field talent. 

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS 

For
a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their potential effect on our results of operations and financial condition, refer
to Note 3 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are exposed to certain market risks from transactions we enter in the normal course of business. Our primary market risk exposure relates
to interest rate risk, which currently is tied to the Prime Interest rate. 

INTEREST
RATES 

Our
Factoring Facility is priced at a variable interest rate of prime plus 2 with a 15-basis point advance rate with a floor of 4 . Accordingly,
future interest rate increases could potentially put us at risk for an adverse impact on future earnings and cash flows. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms PCAOB ID NO: 
 40 

Audited
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Reliability, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

39 

18012
 Sky Park Circle, Suite 200 
 Irvine,
 California 92614 
 tel
 949-852-1600 
 fax
 949-852-1606 
 www.rjicpas.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 Reliability
Incorporated: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Reliability Incorporated and Subsidiary (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes stockholders equity, and cash flows
for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Security and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as
a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or
on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Related
Party Transactions and Recoverability of Notes Receivable from Related Parties 

As
discussed in Notes 10 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has significant related party transactions and arrangements
with the majority owners of the Company and other companies owned by the majority owners. In addition to holding several receivable agreements,
including notes receivable with these related parties, in 2022, an arbitrator issued an aware in favor of the Company against one of
the majority owners and other companies owned by the majority owner. 

40 

We
determined the (1) evaluation of the identification of related parties, (2) related party transactions and (3) collectability of notes
receivable from related parties, collectively, as a critical audit matter. Auditor judgement was involved in assessing the sufficiency
of the procedures performed to identify related parties, identify related party transactions and assess the collectability of the notes
receivable from related parties. 

The
following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We performed the following procedures to evaluate
the identification of related parties, related party transactions and the collectability of the notes receivable from related parties
by the Company: 

Reviewed any new agreements and contracts between the Company and its related parties, noting none; 

Queried the accounts payable system for transactions with its related parties; 

Inspected director and officer questionnaires from the Company s directors and officers; 

Evaluated the Company s reconciliation of its applicable accounts to the related parties records of transactions and balances; 

Read the Company s minutes from meetings of the Board of Directors and related committees; 

Inquired with executive officers and key members of management as to the collectability of these balances due from related parties; 

Reviewed public filings, external news, and research sources for information related to transactions between the Company and related
parties; and 

Confirmed with the Company s management and its outside counsel as to the award granted by the arbitrator. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 

March
31, 2023 

41 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Retention credit receivable 

Notes receivable from related parties 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Factoring liability 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Other current liabilities 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commitment and contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subsequent events (Note 15) 
 - 
 - 
 
 STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

Common stock, without par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholder s equity 

Total liabilities and stockholder s equity 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

42 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (amounts
in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue earned 

Service revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income from related parties 

Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 
 - 

Other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Net income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Share used in per share computation: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

43 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (amounts
in thousands, except per share data) 

Add- 

itional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Balance, value 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance, value 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

44 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) on disposal of property and equipment 
 - 

Accrued interest 

Loss on impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan payable and interest 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

Retention credit receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Other liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net borrowing/(repayment) of line-of-credit 

Repayment of notes payable 
 - 

Advances to related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

45 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS, continued 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

PPP loan and interest forgiveness 
 - 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these financial statements. 

46 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

of our revenue in 2022. Our Staffing segment provides skilled field talent on a nationwide
basis for IT and finance and accounting client partner projects. Video Production involves assembling and providing crews for special
projects that can last anywhere from a week to 6 months. In 2021, MMG began building its direct hire business as a separate business
segment originally titled permanent placement. We now refer to this earning center as Direct Hire. This division added and in
revenue and and in gross profit in 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

On
October 29, 2019, Maslow Media Group Maslow or MMG became a wholly owned subsidiary of Reliability via
a reverse merger (the Merger ). 

On
December 1, 2019, the Company acquired the customer contracts and trade receivables and assumed certain liabilities of Intelligent Quality
Solutions, Inc. IQS ). IQS operates as a division of MMG. 

and
 ,
respectively, management believes it has the ability to continue as a going concern and meet its financial obligation as they become
due in 2023 and beyond. The factors impacting this view include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Cash
 flow forecast showing sufficient cash and working capital 52 weeks from March 5 th , 2023; 

The
 prospect of receiving the amounts awarded in the arbitration hearing in 2023, which include the in notes receivable from related
 parties, plus awards for fraud for , contract damages of , and additional interest, and legal fees, after the receiver
 has been selected; 

The
 expected receipt of approximately in the form of a retention credit receivable, with additional interest from the IRS for the
 second quarter 2021; 

The
 expected reductions in continuing legal fees in 2023 given the Company is past the preparation and arbitration proceedings; 

Significant
 reduction of approximately in federal and state tax payments made in 2022, based on
 2021 s taxable earnings; 

Addition of a new Vice President of Sales recently hired with experience
and success in managing contingent and direct hire staffing organizations; and 

The
 Company has additional availability to use its factoring line to extend borrowing of up to of unfactored invoices which as of March
 19, 2023, was ; 

As a result of the foregoing, the Company believes that it has sufficient cash to meet its financial obligations
for the next 12 months and beyond as they become due. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

of the revenue. A sizable portion of our business tends to come from three or four clients. In 2022, Client A (inclusive of its
Client B division) Client AA ), Client C, and Client D accounted for of total revenue. Client AA accounted for 
and 
of revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Client AA comprised approximately 
and 
of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Client C delivered of revenue in 2022
compared to in 2021. Client D accounted for approximately 
and 
of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Client D comprised approximately 
and 
of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, are primarily cash and accounts receivable. The
Company performs continuing credit evaluations of its customers and does not require collateral. The Company has not experienced significant
losses related to receivables. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

The
Company provides for an allowance for doubtful accounts by specifically identifying accounts with a risk of collectability and providing
an estimate of the loss exposure. Management considers all contract receivables as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to be fully collectible,
therefore an allowance for doubtful accounts is not provided for. 

The
Company records accounts receivable when its right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract assets primarily relate to the Company
rights to consideration for services provided that they are conditional on satisfaction of future performance obligations. 

The
Company holds customer deposits of certain customers related to its EOR business to minimize cash flow impact and reduces risks of uncollectible
trade receivables. 

The
Company records contract liabilities (deferred revenue) when payments are made or due prior to the related performance obligations being
satisfied. The current portion of the Company contract liabilities is included in accrued liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets.
The Company does not have any material contract assets or long-term contract liabilities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s deferred revenue totaled . 

. Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized whereas expenditures for repairs and
maintenance are charged to income as incurred. Upon sale or disposition of property and equipment, the difference between the unamortized
cost and the proceeds is recorded as either a gain or a loss. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

for goodwill and intangible assets in 2021. 

prior to taking impairment on the remaining intangible value. 

Identifiable
intangible assets recognized in conjunction with acquisitions are recorded at fair value. Significant unobservable inputs were used to
determine the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets based on the income approach valuation model whereby the present worth
and anticipated future benefits of the identifiable intangible assets were discounted back to their net present value. 

The
Company evaluated the recoverability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset s
carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company annually evaluates the remaining useful lives of all intangible assets and goodwill
to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. The Company determined that
there was impairment needed for these assets during the year ended December 31, 2021, and thus impaired in remaining carrying value
of IQS based intangible assets. 

upon finalizing the detailed step two impairment analysis for the IQS segment. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

Temporary
staffing revenues - Field talent revenues from contracts with clients are recognized in the amount to which the Company has a right to
invoice when the services are rendered by the Company s field talent. 

Direct
Hire staffing revenues - Direct Hire staffing revenues are recognized when employment candidates start their permanent employment. The
Company estimates the effect of Direct Hire candidates who do not remain with its client through the guarantee period (generally 90 days)
based on historical experience. Allowances, recorded as a liability, are established to estimate these losses. Fees to clients are generally
calculated as a percentage of the new worker s annual compensation. No fees for Direct Hire services are charged to employment
candidates. 

Refer
to Note 14 for disaggregated revenues by segment. 

Payment
terms in our contracts vary by the type and location of our client partner and the services offered. The term between invoicing and when
payment is due is not significant. There were no unsatisfied performance obligations as of December 31, 2022. There were no revenues
recognized during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in previous
periods. There are contract costs capitalized. The Company did t recognize any contract impairments during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

The
Company recognizes any uncertain income tax positions at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by
the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has The Company s policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any accruals for interest and penalties. The Company does not foresee material
changes to its uncertain tax positions within the next twelve months. 

Unbilled receivables 

Accounts receivable, factored 

Total 

All
of the net trade receivables are pledged as collateral on a loan agreement. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

Computer software 

Operating lease asset 
 - 
 - 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

of goodwill and of intangibles
from this acquisition. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company determined through testing using guidance from ASU 2017-04 that the
goodwill of and remaining in intangible assets made up of the IQS trade name and customer base had been fully impaired and
were written off. 

Financed insurance payable 

Other 

Accrued expenses 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

Current state income tax 

Deferred income tax (benefit) 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 

Cash to accrual 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued workers compensation and other 

State deduction 

Sec. 163(j) interest limitation 
 
 - 
 
 Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangibles 
 
 - 
 
 Fixed assets 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 - 
 - 

State income taxes, net 
 
 - 

Permanent Differences 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan - Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Effect of deferred rate change 
 
 - 

Historical Adjustments 

Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 -.2 
 
 Other, net 
 - 
 - 
 
 .2 
 
 Income tax expense 
 
 - 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

estimated annual impact per year for 4 years
which was accounted for in subsequent tax returns through 2019. In 2021 Maslow completed settlement of the estimated tax liability
caused by the Vivos Group in 2017, paying the final estimated portion of in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a federal
tax balance of compared to at the end of 2021. The state tax balance is compared with at the end of 2021. 

Factoring
Facility 

Triumph
Business Capital and Gulf Coast Bank and Trust 

On
November 4, 2016, the Company entered into a factoring and security agreement with Triumph Business Capital TBC ), which
was amended in January 2020. . The
amount of an invoice eligible for sale to is 93 . The agreement is on month-to-month terms. 

On
August 24, 2022, we were notified by TBC that our factoring arrangement had been sold to Gulf Coast Bank and Trust Gulf ),
as TBC had decided to sell its non-transportation portfolio. The transition took place between August 26 th and 28 th 
with new financing coming from Gulf. However, a portion of unfactored receivables continue to be sent to TBC who routes them
to MMG. The Company continues to be obligated to meet certain financial covenants in respect to invoicing and reserve account balance. 

In
accordance with the agreement, a reserve amount is required for the total unpaid balance of all purchased accounts multiplied by a percentage
equal to the difference between one hundred percent and the advanced rate percentage. As of December 31, 2022, the required amount was
 . Any excess of the reserve amount is paid to the Company on a weekly basis, as requested. If a reserve shortfall exists for a period
of ten-days, the Company is required to make payment to the financial institution for the shortage. 

Accounts
receivables were sold with full recourse. Proceeds from the sale of receivables were and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total outstanding balance under the recourse contract was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Factoring Facility is collateralized by substantially all the assets of the Company. In the event of a default, the Factor may demand
that the Company repurchase the receivable or debit the reserve account. Total finance line fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

consisting of an unpaid principal balance in the amount of accrued and
unpaid interest in the amount of , deferred payments in the amount of and late fees in the amount of plus prepayment penalties
and attorneys fees, costs and expenses, less setoff fees of . Maslow may have grounds to contest it being a guarantor
on the loan. 

On
July 12, 2022, MMG was advised that a foreclosure sale of the 22 Baltimore Road property was scheduled to take place on August 4, 2022,
at Montgomery County Circuit Court in Rockville, Maryland. It was subsequently cancelled after VREH filed for bankruptcy on August 2,
2022. 

On
August 2, 2022, VREH filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the District Court of Maryland. 

Maslow
has filed a Motion to Vacate Confessed Judgment entered against it by FVC Bank in the Circuit Court for Fairfax County. 

On
November 17, 2022, FVC Bank and VREH entered into a Stipulation and Consent Order through the bankruptcy court that provides VREH to
pay back taxes and interest, hire a new property manager and make repairs to the building, and work on a plan to refinance or sell the
building. This automatic stay to the bankruptcy proceeding provides VREH until April 15 th , 2023, to either refinance or sell
the building to prevent FVC Bank from foreclosing on the property and commencing action to sell the property. 

In
September 2022, MMG learned that Vivos IT, LLC filed a lawsuit against Second Wind Consultants SWC in May 2019 included
MMG as a plaintiff. The lawsuit included claims of fraud in inducement and unjust enrichment against SWC. The five parties suing SWC,
included Vivos LLC, The Maslow Media Group, Suresh Venkat Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru. The lawsuit related to a debt restructuring
services agreement secured by Suresh Doki, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru to assist the following then owned Vivos entities: Maslow
Media Group, Inc., Health Care Resources Network, Inc., Mettler Michael, Inc., 360 IT Professionals, Inc. and US IT Solutions,
Inc. SWC countersued all plaintiffs on September 30th, 2019, seeking to collect the balance of not paid by the Vivos Group.
These suits were not disclosed to Maslow Management or to Reliability before the merger closed on October 29, 2019. MMG is weighing its
legal options at this time. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

At
the present time, the Company is uncertain as to whether any of the above items will have a material impact on their consolidated financial
statements. 

shares of common stock, with par value. All authorized shares of
Company common stock are issued and outstanding. 

of MMG through a stock acquisition exchange for a purchase
price of , of which: (i) was paid at settlement with proceeds from MMG and (ii) a promissory note to pay the remaining Vivos/MMG Purchase Agreement ). . These payments
were paid by MMG on behalf of the Vivos Debtors. The Vivos Debtors subsequently entered into a promissory note receivable with the MMG,
described below, for the full stock purchase price. No payment has ever been made against this note and between 2018 to present there
has been in additional borrowing. 

Notes
Receivable 

The
Company has notes receivable from Vivos Holdings, LLC and VREH, a member of Vivos Group, both related party affiliates due to their ownership
percentage in the Company. Per Code of Virginia the legal rate of interest shall be implied when there is an obligation to pay interest
and no express contract to pay interest at a specified rate. However, it was determined in 2021 that the two notes had clauses capping
the default interest at and respectively. The rate adjustment for the allowed periods were made using the eligible agreement
rates. 

In
connection with the Vivos/MMG Purchase Agreement, on November 15, 2016, MMG executed a promissory note receivable with Vivos Holdings
LLC in the amount of . As defined by the Vivos/MMG Purchase Agreement, the loan consisted of two periods, whereby the first period
no principal or interest payments were required. During the second loan period, interest was supposed to have been paid in 20 equal consecutive
payments, quarterly. Principal plus any unpaid interest is due . As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding balance
was which includes accrued interest receivable of . 

On
November 15, 2017, MMG executed an intercompany promissory note receivable with VREH in the amount of . There were two loan periods
defined. During the first loan period, interest accrued monthly and a new loan amount of was subject to a second loan period. As
of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding balance was which includes accrued interest receivable of . 

On
June 12, 2019, MMG entered into a Personal Guaranty agreement with Dr. Doki, pursuant to which Dr. Naveen Doki personally guaranteed
to MMG repayment of of the balance of the Promissory Note issued to Vivos Debtors on November 15, 2017, within the 2019 calendar
year via cash, stock, or other business assets acceptable to the Company. Dr. Doki is a or greater beneficial holder of Company Common
Stock, and therefore is a related party. 

As
of February 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit against the majority shareholder, pursuant to the personal guaranty agreement for defaulting
on the outstanding notes receivables. 

Over
the period between November 2016 and December 31, 2022, the Vivos Group borrowed an additional . which is included in the note
receivable totaling . 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

On
September 5, 2019, MMG entered into a Secured Promissory Note agreement with Vivos, pursuant to which MMG issued a secured promissory
note to the Vivos Group in the principal amount of . The note bears interest at per year and requires the Vivos Group to make
monthly payments to MMG of beginning December 1, 2019, with balance due and payable on . Upon an event of default, which has occurred, MMG has the right to declare the entire unpaid balance of the note due and payable. The note was secured by 
shares of Company Common Stock, was due and payable upon a default by Vivos. In addition, both Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru personally
guaranteed the repayment of the note by the Vivos Group. Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru were beneficial owners of Vivos and are also
 or greater beneficial owners of Company Common Stock, which is qualified by the Merger Arbitration complaint. As of December 31, 2022,
the total outstanding balance was , which includes 2022 interest of . 

Debt
Settlement Agreements 

On
July 21, 2022, Maslow settled the obligation which Vivos Holdings, LLC had obligated Maslow to in July 2018, with Libertas Funding, LLC
and Kinetic for . (See Section 1A). The is included in the additional borrowing cited above. 

On
March 6, 2022, Maslow received a notice of default, acceleration, and demand for payment-in-full from FVCBank due to incurable events
of default on behalf of Borrower Vivos Real Estate Holdings LLC. (See Note 10). 

Related
Party Relationships 

On
October 29, 2019, prior to the Merger, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Naveen Doki and Silvija Valleru became beneficial owners of
 and shares of RLBY Common Stock, respectively, equal to and of the total number of shares of RLBY
Common Stock outstanding after giving effect to the Merger, respectively. The Company is seeking damages which if granted will likely
be the remedy set forth within the Merger Agreement which is primarily the relinquishment in whole or in part shares of Company Common
Stock received by the Respondents in connection with the Merger. 

On
June 27, 2019, prior to the Merger, MMG entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Hawkeye Enterprises, Inc., a company owned
and controlled by Mark Speck Mr. Speck ), an officer and then director of Maslow. 

Pursuant
to this agreement, MMG issued to Hawkeye Enterprises (on a post-Merger basis) shares of Company Common Stock, a warrant (as defined
below) for (on a post-Merger basis) shares of Company Common Stock and a convertible promissory note of same date in the initial
principal amount of , in exchange for . The note bore interest at per year, with the balance of paid in full on June 26,
2020. 

On
July 31, 2019, prior to the Merger, MMG entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mr. Speck, the Company issued to this individual
a Warrant for (on a post-Merger basis) shares of MMG Common Stock and a convertible promissory note of same date in the initial
principal amount of , in exchange for . The note bore interest at per year, with balance of paid in full on August 4, 2020. 

On
July 31, 2019, prior to the Merger, MMG entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Nick Tsahalis, an executive officer and director
of MMG. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company issued to this individual (on a post-Merger basis) shares of MMG Common Stock,
and a Warrant to purchase (on a post-Merger basis) shares of the MMG Common Stock, and a Convertible Promissory Note of same date
in the initial principal amount of , in exchange for . The note bore interest at per year, with balance of becoming
due and paid in full on July 31, 2020. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

On
September 18, 2019, in anticipation of the closing of the Merger and intending that it be assumed by MMG after the closing of the Merger,
Hawkeye entered into a letter of intent (the LOI regarding the potential acquisition of a complementary business. MMG
was then prohibited from entering into the LOI directly. In connection with the LOI, Hawkeye paid a non-refundable deposit of with
the understanding that after the closing of the Merger, the LOI would be assigned to the Company and the Company would reimburse Hawkeye
for the deposit. On October 17, 2019, Hawkeye assigned, and MMG agreed to assume the LOI and reimbursed Hawkeye for the deposit. The
reimbursement took place on May 8, 2020, totaling . 

The
term warrant herein refers to warrants issued by MMG and assumed by the Company as a result of the Merger. The terms of
all Warrants are the same other than as to the number of shares covered thereby. The Warrant may be exercised at any time or from time
to time during the period commencing at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on first business day following the completion of the Qualified Financing
(as defined below) and expiring at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the fifth annual anniversary thereof (the Exercise Period ).
For purposes herein, a Qualified Financing means the issuance by the Company, other than certain excluded issuances of
shares of Common Stock, in one transaction or series of related transactions, which transaction(s) result in aggregate gross proceeds
actually received by the Company of at least . The exercise price per full share of the Company common stock shall be of the
average sale price of the Company common stock across all transactions constituting a part of the Qualified Financing, with equitable
adjustments being made for any splits, combinations or dividends relating to the Company common stock, or combinations, recapitalization,
reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events, that occur following one transaction constituting a part of the Qualified
Financing and prior to one or more other transactions constituting a part of the Qualified Financing (the Exercise Price ).
Convertible note warrants were not valued and included as liability on balance sheet because of uncertainty around their pricing, value
and low probability at this juncture in receiving the trigger. 

On
September 7, 2022, the Company entered in Arbitration and Tolling Agreements with alleged shareholder Naveen Doki, M.D., and his affiliates
and all other persons who were parties to the pending litigation previously reported in the Texas, New York and Maryland courts and before
the American Arbitration Association. The Agreements call for the stay or dismissal of the pending litigation, with the parties agreeing
to resolve their disputes before a single arbitrator in Maryland. The parties also agreed to maintain the status quo in corporate governance
and related matters pending a final non-appealable judgment confirming any award in arbitration. The parties also signed a Tolling Agreement
to toll the statute of limitations following the dismissal of a pending litigation. 

The
arbitration award was announced on August 31, 2022. 

industry segments: EOR, Recruiting and Staffing, Direct Hire and Video and Multimedia Production. The EOR
segment provides media field talent to a host of large corporate customers in all 50 states. The Recruiting and Staffing segment provides
skilled Media and IT field talent on a nationwide basis for customers in a myriad of industries. Direct Hire fulfils direct placement
requests by MMG clients for a wide variety of posts, including administrative, media and IT professionals. The Video and Multimedia Production
segment provides Script to Screen services for corporate, government and non-profit clients, globally. 

Segment
operating income includes revenue and cost of services only. Currently, the Company is not allocating sales, general and administrative
costs at the segment level. 

RELIABILITY
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (amounts
in thousands) 

Recruiting
 and Staffing 

Video
 and Multimedia Production 

Direct
 Hire 

Total 

R evenue 

60 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective such that the
information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute
assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
accepted in the United States. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

The
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company for 2022 have been audited by the independent registered public accounting firm of Ramirez
Jimenez International CPAs who were given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings
of stockholders and the Board of Directors. This annual report does not include an attestation report from the independent registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation
by the independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company
to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

61 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Board
Composition 

Our
board of directors consists of four directors. Our board of directors has determined that the following directors are independent 
as defined under the rules of the OTC American: Hannah Bible, Louis Parks, and John Chanaud. On November 13, 2019, Hannah Bible was nominated
and assumed the role of Chairperson. The authorized number of directors may be changed by resolution of our board of directors amending
the applicable by-law provision. Vacancies on our board of directors can be filled by resolution of our board of directors. 

Board
Leadership and Role in Risk Oversight 

Meetings
of our board of directors are presided over by our chairperson of the board, Hannah Bible. Our board of directors believes that Hannah
Bible is currently best situated to preside over meetings of our board of directors because of her familiarity with SEC regulations,
board protocols, our staffing business and ability to effectively identify strategic priorities and lead the discussion and execution
of our strategy. 

Our
board of directors oversees the risk management activities designed and implemented by our management and executes its oversight responsibility
for risk management directly. The full board of directors also considers specific risk topics, including risks associated with our strategic
plan, business operations and capital structure. In addition, our board of directors receives detailed regular reports from members of
our executive management who are also board members that include assessments of risk, exposures, and plans for mitigation. 

Our
other board of directors committees also consider and address risk as they perform their respective committee responsibilities.
All committees report to the full board of directors as appropriate, including when a matter rises to the level of a material or enterprise
level risk. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
standing committees of our board of directors consist of an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. Each of the committees reports
to our board of directors as they deem appropriate and as our board may request. The composition, duties and responsibilities of these
committees are set forth below. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (1) appointing, retaining and evaluating our independent registered public accounting
firm and approving all services to be performed by them; (2) overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications,
independence and performance; (3) overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered
public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that we file with the SEC; (4) reviewing and monitoring our accounting
principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (5) establishing
procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters;
(6) reviewing and approving related person transactions; and (7) overseeing the risk management process. 

Our
Audit Committee consists of John Chanaud (Chairman), Hannah Bible and Louis Parks. We believe that each qualifies as independent directors
according to the rules and regulations of the SEC and OTC American with respect to audit committee membership. We also believe that Mr.
Chanaud qualifies as our audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation
S-K. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on our corporate website under
the investor relations tab at www.maslowmedia.com. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

62 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (1) reviewing key team members compensation goals, policies, plans and
programs; (2) reviewing and approving the compensation of our directors and executive officers; and (3) reviewing and approving employment
agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers. The Committee shall have the authority to delegate any
of its responsibilities, along with the authority to act in relation to such responsibilities, to one or more subcommittees as the committee
may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Compensation Committee may invite such members of management to its meetings as it deems
appropriate. However, the Compensation Committee meets regularly without such members present, and in all cases no officer may be present
at meetings at which such officer s compensation or performance is discussed or determined. The Committee has the authority, in
its sole discretion, to select, retain and obtain the advice of a compensation consultant as necessary to assist with the execution of
its duties and responsibilities. Neither the Compensation Committee nor management engaged a compensation consultant with respect to
fiscal 2022. 

Our
Compensation Committee consists of Hannah Bible, Louis Parks, and John Chanaud. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter
for the Compensation Committee. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is charged with the responsibility of ensuring a corporate governance framework is in place
and provides oversight and guidance thereof, while also attracting and securing top talent for leadership positions. 

The
Committee is responsible for the following Nomination activities; (1) review our policies and ensure they are equipped with clear selection
criteria; (2) determine criteria for director and executive officer qualifications (3) recommend to the Board candidates for election
by the Board to fill vacancies occurring on the Board or corporate officers; (4) Consider stockholders nominees in accordance
with applicable rules and regulations and develop procedures regarding the nomination process as required by the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq; (5) Make recommendations to the Board concerning the selection criteria to be used
by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in seeking nominees for election to the Board; and (6) Assist in attracting qualified
candidates to serve on the Board and interview and otherwise assist in the screening of such candidates 

The
Committee is responsible for the following Corporate Governance Matters:(1) Develop and recommend to the Board corporate governance guidelines
applicable to the Company; (2) Review board size, composition, and structure; (3) oversee areas of authority, segregation of duties;
checks and balances; political spending, diversity, corporate social responsibility, communications, proxy filings and other stakeholder
areas. (4) Review any issues relating to conflicts of interests and (in conjunction with the Audit Committee of the Board as necessary
or appropriate) all related party transactions in accordance with SEC and Nasdaq requirements and report the same to the Board; and (5)
perform annual board evaluations. 

Other
Committees 

Our
board of directors may establish other committees, including a Strategic Advisory Committee, as it deems necessary or appropriate from
time to time. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or any of our directors. 

63 

Directors 

Hannah
Bible 

Independent
Director and Chairwoman, 

 Age:
43 

 Director
Since: 2014 

 Committees
Served: Compensation Committee (Chair), Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Hannah
M. Bible is a Director of the Company and has served in such capacity since April 25, 2014. Ms. Bible is Vice President of Legal at Digirad
Corporation DRAD since October 2019. She has also served the subsidiaries of DRAD as Chief Financial Officer and in-house
counsel to Lone Star Value Management, LLC Lone Star Value Mgmt. ), and VP-Finance to ATRM Holdings, Inc. since April 2019.
Ms. Bible has over 15 years of combined legal and accounting experience across a variety of industries. From May 2016 through August
2017 Ms. Bible served on the board of Crossroads Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRDS, now OTC: CRSS), a data storage company. Prior to joining
Lone Star Value Mgmt. in June 2014, Ms. Bible was the Director of Finance/CFO at Trinity Church in Greenwich, CT. From October 2011 to
December 2012, Ms. Bible served as a legal advisor to RRMS Advisors, a company providing advisory and due diligence services to banking
and other institutions with high-risk assets. From June 2009 to December 2013, Ms. Bible advised family fund and institutional clients
of International Consulting Group, Inc., and its affiliates within the Middle East on matters of security, corporate governance, and
U.S. legal compliance. From 2006 to 2008, Ms. Bible served within the U.N. General Assembly as a diplomatic advisor to the Asian-African
Legal Consultative Organization, a permanent observer mission to the United Nations. Ms. Bible has also taught as an Adjunct Professor
at Thomas Jefferson School of Law, within the International Tax and Financial Services program. Prior to this Ms. Bible held various
accounting positions with Samaritan s Purse, a large 300MM+ 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to emergency relief and serving the
poor worldwide. Previously, Ms. Bible served as a director of AMRH Holdings, Inc. (formerly Spatializer Audio Laboratories). Ms. Bible
earned an LLM in Tax from New York University School of Law, a JD with honors from St. Thomas University School of Law, and a BBA in
Accounting from Middle Tennessee State University. 

Louis
Parks 

Independent
Director 

 Age:
62 

 Director
Since: 2020 

 Committees
Served: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) 

Louis
A. Parks is Managing Member at Tyro Capital Management LLC, a New York City-based equity hedge fund, serving as the firm s COO
and CFO. Mr. Parks has spent over 30 years on Wall Street in various capacities of senior management. His responsibilities have included
overseeing large work forces, managing risk, equity trading, implementing compliance and ethics protocols, client interface, marketing,
and revenue production. In addition, he is an investor who focuses on deploying capital and providing expertise to small companies both
independently and through his partnership stake in Metropolitan Business Funding, LLC. Mr. Parks was previously Senior Managing Director,
Head of Equities at CL King Associates as well as Senior Managing Director, Head of Equity Trading at Raymond James Financial.
Mr. Parks began his career as an institutional equity sales trader covering both domestic and international accounts for Morgan Stanley
 Company, Sanford C. Bernstein Company, and Merrill Lynch Company. 

Mr.
Parks holds Master of Business Administration and Master of Arts degrees from Columbia University, as well as Bachelor of Arts degrees
from Columbia University, magna cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa, and New York University, cum laude. In 2000, he established the Louis A. Parks
Fellowship in Classics at the Graduate School of Arts Sciences at Columbia University to provide scholarship funding to graduate
students studying ancient Greek Roman history, language, and culture. 

Mr.
Parks serves as a director on both for-profit and non-profit boards. 

64 

John
Chanaud 

Independent
Director 

 Age:
59 

 Director
Since: 2020 

 Committees
Served: Audit Committee (Chair), Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corp Governance Committee 

Mr.
Chanaud is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Bernstein Companies, an 85-year-old Washington, DC based real estate development,
management, and investment firm where his primary responsibility is financial oversight and planning for the Company, its subsidiaries,
and operating divisions. The Bernstein Companies invests in, develops, and operates multi-family properties, office buildings, hotels,
and mixed-use projects, as well as operates a structured finance division managing tax credit investments across the country. During
his time as VP CFO the Company has had direct ownership interest in projects totaling over 3B, both through institutional investment
funds and its own private portfolio. In addition, TBC s structured finance division has directed another 2B+ in investments nationwide.
Prior to joining Bernstein in 1997, Mr. Chanaud served for over 10 years as a Certified Public Accountant with a regional CPA firm. Mr.
Chanaud is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Maryland Association of CPAs. He is a 1986
graduate of Towson University with a BS degree in Accounting. 

Nick
Tsahalis 

Age:
45 

 Director
Since: 2019 

 Committees
Served: Nominating and Corp Governance Committee 

Nick
Tsahalis began serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of Maslow Media Group Inc. in December 2016, after serving as CFO starting
in October 2015. Mr. Tsahalis was instrumental in leading Maslow Media to the finish line to close on the Reverse Merger with Reliability,
being named Director and President of Reliability upon conclusion of reverse merger on October 29, 2019. Prior to joining Maslow Media
Group, Mr. Tsahalis was the CFO of Recycled Green Industries, a wholesale organic recycling company that procured materials through its
commercial and residential land clearing division and through contracts with local government yard waste recycling facilities. Recycled
Green was positioned for sale to Harvest Garden Pro, a national consumer products business that sold similar organic materials through
relationships with national home retailers, Lowe s, and Home Depot. Prior Mr. Tsahalis was the CFO of Atlantic Video, a video production
company that produced multiple shows for ESPN in both Washington, D.C., and New York City. Additional experiences include the creative
staffing industry, hotel industry and waste management. He has over 22 years of experience as an operational leader, covering accounting
and finance, IT, Human Resources, and business development. 

Executive
Officers 

Our
board of directors appoints our executive officers and updates the executive officer positions as needed throughout the fiscal year.
Each executive officer serves at the behest of our board of directors and until their successors are appointed, or until the earlier
of their death, resignation, or removal. 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Nick
 Tsahalis 
 
 45 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Mark
 Speck 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company is establishing a Code of Business Ethics and Corporate Conduct (the Code of Conduct and expects to have the Code
of Conduct approved in April 2022. Upon approval, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K containing the Code of Conduct and
it will also make the Code of Conduct available on our website at www.maslowmedia.com. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of
the provisions of our Code of Business Ethics and Corporate Conduct, we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Item 8-K
regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions of our Code of Conduct that apply to our principal executive, financial
and accounting officers by posting the required information on our website at the above address. Our website is not part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

65 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Named
Executive Officers 

Our
named executive officers for Fiscal 2022 are: 

Nick
 Tsahalis, our President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Mark
 Speck, our Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 

Throughout
this section, the term named executive officer is intended to refer to the individuals identified above. During Fiscal
2022, we had only two named executive officers, each of whom is set forth above. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table presents compensation information for our named executive officers with respect to Fiscal 2022 and 2021. These structures
are based on Maslow agreements with Vivos Holdings when Vivos Holdings owned Maslow before the Merger. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary
 ) 

Bonus
 ) 

Stock
 Awards ) 

Option
 Awards ) 

Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation ) 

Non-qualified
 deferred compensation earnings ) 

All
 Other Compensation ) 

Total
 ) 

Nick
 Tsahalis President and Chief 

2022 

288 

72 

29 

389 

Executive
 Officer 

2021 

288 

95 

24 

407 

Mark
 Speck Chief Financial Officer and 

2022 

260 

72 

29 

361 

Secretary 

2021 

260 

75 

30 

365 

) 
 Salary
 represents the annualized contracted salary of the executive and not the earned salary over the fiscal year. 

Bonus
 amounts for 2022 have been deferred. Compensation Committee has authority to pay a discretionary portion up to 50 of the executive
 officer s base salary. 

Represents
 car allowance and premium subsidy for medical benefits. 

Name 
 
 Board
Member 
 ) 

Audit Committee 
 ) 

Compensation Committee 
 ) 

Nominating Governance Committee 
 ) 

Chairperson of the Board 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Hannah
 Bible 

20 

20 

Louis
 Parks 

20 

20 

John
 Chanaud 

20 

20 

Agreements
with Executive Officers 

The
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company have employment agreements with Maslow. 

Director
Compensation 

Set
forth below is a summary of the components of compensation payable to our non-management directors. 

66 

Cash
Compensation 

We
reimburse each non-management member of our board of directors for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
their attendance at meetings of our board of directors and any committees thereof, including, without limitation, reasonable travel,
lodging and meal expenses. Each director who is also not an officer of Reliability is also entitled to quarterly payments of 5 for their
service on our board of directors which remain unpaid to date. Currently there is no additional compensation for committee s chaired
or for presiding as chairperson of the board, due to cash constraints and unavailability of equity compensation. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of Company Common Stock as of March 24, 2023, by: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Company
 Common Stock; 

each
 of our named executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Each
stockholder s percentage ownership is based on 300,000,000 shares of Company common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Except as otherwise indicated, each person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of our capital shown as beneficially owned, subject to applicable community property laws. 

The
number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a person includes shares that may be acquired by such person within 60 days of
March 16, 2023, through the exercise of vested options or warrants, while these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the
percentage ownership of any other person. 

Except
as otherwise set forth below, the address of the persons below is c/o Reliability, 22505 Gateway Center Drive, P.O. Box 71 Clarksburg,
MD 20871. 

Name 
 Directly Owned Shares of Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 Beneficial ownership of 
 Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Mark Speck, 22505 Gateway Center Drive, P.O. Box 71, Clarksburg, MD 20871 
 3,014,882 
 1.0 
 3,276,052 (1) 
 1.1 
 
 Nick Tsahalis, 22505 Gateway Center Drive, P.O. Box 71, Clarksburg, MD 20871 
 3,276,052 
 1.1 
 3,276,052 
 1.1 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (2 persons) 
 6,290,934 
 2.1 
 6,552,104 
 2.2 
 
 5 Holders (6) 

Naveen Doki, 
 10,138,882 
 3.4 
 202,634,728 (2) 
 67.5 
 
 Silvija Valleru 
 4,972,644 
 1.7 
 50,667,482 (3) 
 16.9 
 
 Shirisha Janumpally 
 192,495,846 
 64.2 
 202,634,728 (4) 
 67.5 
 
 Kalyan Pathuri 
 45,684,838 
 15.2 
 50,657,482 (5) 
 16.9 
 
 5 Holders Totals 
 253,292,210 
 84.4 

(1) 
 Represents
 (i) 3,014,882 shares held by Mr. Speck; (ii) 261,170 shares held by Hawkeye Enterprises Inc, a company owned and controlled by Mr.
 Speck. 

67 

(2) 
 Represents
 (i) 10,138,882 shares held by Mr. Doki; (ii) 20,661,816 shares held by Federal Systems, a company owned and controlled by Mrs. Janumpally,
 which Mr. Doki may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally; (iii) 161,503,122 shares held by Judos
 Trust, a trust in which Mrs. Janumpally is the sole trustee and beneficiary, and of which Mr. Doki may be deemed to indirectly beneficially
 own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally; and (iv) 10,330,908 shares held directly by Mrs. Janumpally which Mr. Doki may be deemed to
 indirectly beneficially own as the husband of Mrs. Janumpally. 

(3) 
 Represents
 (i) 4,972,644 shares held by Mrs. Valleru; and (ii) 40,520,200 shares held by Igly Trust of which Mrs. Valleru may be deemed to indirectly
 beneficially own as the wife of Kalyan Pathuri, who is the sole trustee and beneficiary of the Igly Trust; and (iii) 5,164,638 shares
 held by Mr. Pathuri, which Mrs. Valleru may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the wife of Mr. Pathuri. 

(4) 
 Represents
 (i) 10,138,882 shares that Mrs. Janumpally may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own as the wife of Mr. Doki; (ii) 20,661,816
 shares held by Federal Systems, a company owned and controlled by Mrs. Janumpally; (iii) 161,503,122 shares held by Judos Trust,
 a trust in which Mrs. Janumpally is the sole trustee and beneficiary, and (iv) and 10,330,908 shares Mrs. Janumpally owns directly. 

(5) 
 Represents
 (i) 5,164,638 shares held by Mr. Pathuri; (ii) 40,520,200 shares held by Igly Trust of which Mr. Pathuri is the sole trustee and
 beneficiary; and (iii) 4,972,644 shares held by Mrs. Valleru of which Mr. Pathuri may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own, as
 the husband of Mrs. Valleru. 

(6) 
 On
 or about June 5, 2020, the Company submitted a Claimant s Notice of Intention to Arbitrate and Demand for Arbitration to the
 Respondents: Mr. Doki; Mrs. Valleru; Mrs. Janumpally (individually and in her capacity as trustee of Judos Trust); Kalyan Pathuri
 (individually in his capacity as trustee of Igly Trust) and Federal Systems (the Respondents ). The Arbitration alleges
 that certain of the Respondents breached the Merger Agreement providing for the Merger of MMG into a subsidiary of Reliability, in
 a number of significant respects and potentially committed fraud in connection with the Merger. The Company is seeking damages which
 if granted will be the remedy set forth within the Merger Agreement which is primarily the relinquishment in whole or in part shares
 of Company Common Stock received by the Respondents in connection with the Merger. The Company has brought a motion to compel the
 Arbitration in accordance with the Merger Agreement which is currently being decided by the Federal Courts in New York. The Company
 believes a strong basis for the motion exists, but no assurance can be given that it will be granted. Regardless, the Company intends
 to pursue claims under the Merger Agreement in whatever venue is required. 

The
Company was awarded damages which if granted will require relinquishment of 1,000 of shares as set forth within the Merger Agreement,
which is primarily in whole or in part shares of Company Common Stock received by the Respondents in connection with the Merger. 

The
5 holders listed above, although considered affiliates, currently do not actively participate in the management and policies of the
Company. 

Directors,
Executive Officers, Promoters, and Control Persons 

The
following table sets forth the name and position of our current executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Nick
 Tsahalis (1) 
 
 45 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 Mark
 Speck (2), (6) 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary 
 
 Hannah
 Bible (3), (4) 
 
 43 
 
 Chairwoman
 of the Board, Director 
 
 Louis
 Parks (5) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 John
 Chanaud (7) 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

(1)
 
 On
 October 29, 2019, Nick Tsahalis was appointed as President of the Company. On October 30, 2019, Mr. Tsahalis was appointed as a director
 of the Company. In September 2022, Nick Tsahalis was appointed CEO of the Company. 

68 

(2)
 
 On
 October 29, 2019, Mark Speck was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and as a director of the Company. 

(3)
 
 On
 April 25, 2014, Hannah Bible was appointed as a director of the Company. 

(4)
 
 On
 November 13, 2019, Hannah Bible, was appointed Chairwoman of the board. 

(5) 
 On
 August 10, 2020, Louis Parks was appointed director of the Company. 

(6)
 
 On
 October 7, 2020, Mark Speck voluntarily resigned as Director. 

(7)
 
 On
 October 7, 2020, John Chanaud was appointed director of the Company 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

None
at this time. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policy
on Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons 

Our
board of directors is currently primarily responsible for developing and implementing processes and controls to obtain information from
our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders regarding related-person transactions and then determining, based on
the facts and circumstances, whether we or a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in these transactions. Our Audit
Committee is responsible for the review, approval, and ratification of related-person transactions between us and any related
person. Under SEC rules, a related person is a director, executive officer, nominee for director or beneficial holder of more than of
5 of any class of our voting securities or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing. In the course of its review and approval
or ratification of a related-person transaction, the Audit Committee will consider: 

the
 nature of the related person s interest in the transaction; 

the
 material terms of the transaction, including the amount involved and type of transaction; 

the
 importance of the transaction to the related person and to the Company; 

whether
 the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in our best interest and the best interest of
 our stockholders; and 

any
 other matters the Audit Committee deems appropriate. 

Any
member of the Audit Committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be able to participate in the
deliberations or vote on the approval or ratification of the transaction. However, such a director may be counted in determining the
presence of a quorum at a meeting of the committee that considers the transaction. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Through
December 31, 2022, the Company s principal independent registered accountant was RJI International CPAs RJI ). 

Aggregate
fees billed or incurred related to the following years for fiscal 2022 and 2020 by RJI is set forth below. 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 
 101 
 100 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees 
 14 
 14 
 
 All Other Fees 

Total 
 115 
 114 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist principally of fees for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, review of our interim consolidated financial
 statements and audit services related to our acquisitions. 

(2) 
 These
 fees consist principally of fees related to the preparation of SEC registration statements, acquisition due diligence, and U.S. Department
 of Labor filings. 

Selection 

The
Audit Committee appointed RJI as our independent registered public accounting firm for Fiscal 2022 and RJI has served in this capacity
since 2009. 

69 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial
Statements 

The
following consolidated financial statements of Reliability and the reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms are
contained in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 40 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 43 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 45 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 47 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

Financial
statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in
the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

Exhibits 

See
the list of exhibits in the Index to Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 31, 2023. 

RELIABILITY
 INCORPORATED 

By: 
 /s/
 Nick Tsahalis 

Name: 
 Nick
 Tsahalis 

Title: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Speck 

Name: 
 Mark
 Speck 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 31, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/
 Nick Tsahalis 

Name:
 
 Nick
 Tsahalis 

Title:
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Louis Parks 

Name:
 
 Louis
 Parks 

Title:
 
 Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Hannah Bible 

Name:
 
 Hannah
 Bible 

Title:
 
 Chairperson
 of the Board 

By: 
 /s/
 John Chanaud 

Name:
 
 John
 Chanaud 

Title:
 
 Director 

71 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

(d) 
 The
 following Exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, by and among Reliability, R-M Merger Sub, Inc., Jeffrey Eberwein, The Maslow Media Group, Inc., and Naveen Doki, and Silvija Valleru (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2019). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Statement of Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Virginia on October 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (with amendment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 1995). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.03 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.03 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2014). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.03 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2014). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.03 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2013). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2004). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2007). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Intercompany Promissory Note dated November 15, 2016, between Maslow (as Lender) and Vivos Holdings, LLC (as Borrower) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Intercompany Promissory Note dated November 15, 2017, between Maslow (as Lender) and Vivos Real Estate, LLC (as Borrower) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated October 25, 2018, between Maslow, Vivos Holdings, Silvija Valleru Naveen Doki in relation to default of Future Receivables Sales Agreement with Kinetic Direct Funders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment to Settlement Agreement dated April 10, 2019, between Maslow, Vivos Holdings, Silvija Valleru Naveen Doki in relation to default of Future Receivables Sales Agreement with Kinetic Direct Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated December 10, 2018, by and among Maslow, Vivos Holdings, LLC, Vivos Acquisitions, LLC, Naveen Doki, Silvija Valleru, and CC Business Solutions, a division of Credit Cash NJ, LLC, in relation to Accounts Receivable Advance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated January 24, 2019, between Maslow, Vivos Holdings, LLC, and Advantage Capital Funding in relation to default of July 5, 2018, Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Factoring and Security Agreement dated November 4, 2016, between Maslow and Advance Business Capital LLC (d/b/a Triumph Business Capital) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Factoring and Security Agreement dated January 5th, 2018, between Maslow and Advance Business Capital LLC (d/b/a Triumph Business Capital) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Second Amendment to Factoring and Security Agreement dated March 30th, 2018, between Maslow and Advance Business Capital LLC (d/b/a Triumph Business Capital) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 27, 2019, between Maslow and Hawkeye Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 27, 2019, between Maslow and Hawkeye Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated June dated June 27, 2019, between Maslow and Hawkeye Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 31, 2019, between Maslow and Mark Speck (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 31, 2019, between Maslow and Mark Speck (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated June dated June 31, 2019, between Maslow and Mark Speck (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 

72 

10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 31, 2019, between Maslow and Nick Tsahalis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 31, 2019, between Maslow and Nick Tsahalis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated June dated July 31, 2019, between Maslow and Nick Tsahalis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Professional
 Services Agreement dated May 11, 2017, between Maslow and AT T Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement dated December 19, 2017, between Maslow and Vivos Real Estate, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Personal Guaranty dated June 12, 2019, between Maslow and Naveen Doki (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement by and among Reliability Incorporated and Lone Star Value Investors, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement by and among Reliability Incorporated and Lone Star Value Co-Invest I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement by and among Reliability and certain Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Lock Up Agreement by and between Reliability and certain Holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Secured Promissory Note dated September 5, 2019, between Maslow (as Noteholder) and Vivos Holdings, LLC (as Debtor) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Igly Trust Joinder to Merger Agreement dated October 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Judos Trust Joinder to Merger Agreement dated October 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Shirisha Janumpally Joinder to Merger Agreement dated October 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Agreement for the Contingent Liquidation of the Common Stock of Maslow Media Group, Inc., dated October 28, 2019, by and among Maslow Media Group, Inc., Naveen Doki, Silvija Valleru, Shirisha Janumpally, Kalyan Pathuri and Federal Systems (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

This
 certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
 Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

73 

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 The
 Maslow Media Group, Inc. 
 
 Virginia 

100 owned by the registrant. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
Nick Tsahalis, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reliability Incorporated; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Nick Tsahalis 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
Mark Speck, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reliability Incorporated; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Mark R. Speck 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 906 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of Reliability Incorporated, a Texas corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify,
to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Nick Tsahalis 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Mark Speck 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rlby-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rlby-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rlby-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rlby-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

