<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1725255_0001628280-23-005590.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17938646</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>447820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2410040</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6404378</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4283256</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4110379</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005590.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005590
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AdaptHealth Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOME HEALTH CARE SERVICES [8082]
		IRS NUMBER:				823677704
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38399
		FILM NUMBER:		23686236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST GERMANTOWN PIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH MEETING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19462
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-630-6357

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 WEST GERMANTOWN PIKE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			PLYMOUTH MEETING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19462

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DFB Healthcare Acquisitions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005590.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 ahco-20221231.htm
 10-K

ahco-20221231 
 
 Ta bl e of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed based on the closing sale price of 18.04 per share on June 30, 2022, as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately billion. Shares of Common Stock held by each executive officer 
 and director and by each shareholder affiliated with a director or an executive officer have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market Price of and Dividends on Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters; Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 37 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 127 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 127 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 128 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 128 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 128 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 128 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 128 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services 
 129 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 130 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 130 
 
 1 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 , and the documents incorporated by reference herein, we make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for our business. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words may, might, will, will likely result, should, estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, seek, continue, target or similar expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date they were made, and involve a number of risks and uncertainties which may cause them to turn out to be wrong. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward- looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 
 competition and the ability of our business to grow and manage profitable growth; 
 fluctuations in the U.S. and/or global stock markets; 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 failure to consummate or realize the expected benefits of acquisitions; and 
 other risks and uncertainties set forth in this Form 10-K, as well as the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
 2 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 AdaptHealth s business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A , Risk Factors . These risks include, but are not limited to the following: 
 reliance on relatively few suppliers for the majority of its patient service equipment and supplies; 
 supply chain disruptions and economy-wide labor shortages in the U.S.; 
 the impact of inflation; 
 a cyber-attack, a security breach, or the improper disclosure or use of protected health information could cause a loss of confidential data, give rise to remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), consumer protection, common law or other legal theories, subject us to litigation and federal and state governmental inquiries, damage reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to its business; 
 continuing efforts by private third-party payors to control their costs and payor contracts being subject to renegotiation or termination; 
 changes in governmental or private payor supply replenishment schedules and its ability to manage the complex and lengthy reimbursement process; 
 reliance for a significant portion of its revenue on the provision of sleep therapy equipment and supplies to patients; 
 consolidation among health insurers and other industry participants; 
 failure to maintain controls and processes over billing and collections; 
 ability to maintain or develop relationships with patient referral sources; 
 ability to effectively implement controls and procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 competition from numerous other home respiratory, mobility equipment, and diabetes medical devices and supplies providers; 
 risks related to government regulation, including federal and state changes to reimbursement and other Medicaid and Medicare policies, healthcare reform efforts, and ability to comply with applicable law, including healthcare fraud and abuse and false claims laws and regulations; 
 ability to successfully design, modify and implement technology-based and other process changes and its dependence on information systems, including software licensed from third parties; 
 changes in medical equipment technology and development of new treatments; 
 the risk of rupture or other accidents due to the transport of compressed and liquid oxygen; 
 the timing and amount of share repurchases; 
 the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the global attempt to contain it; 
 the outsourcing of a portion of internal business functions to third-party providers; 
 ability to attract and retain key members of senior management and other key personnel; 
 3 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 ability to execute its strategic growth plan, which involves the acquisition of other companies, including its ability to fully integrate the operations of acquired companies into its business and realize the expected benefits of such acquisitions; 
 the impact of political and economic conditions; 
 changes in the authorizations or documentation necessary for products and the findings as a result of audits of reimbursement claims by various governmental and private payor entities; 
 significant reimbursement reductions and/or exclusion from markets or product lines; 
 ability to maintain required licenses and accreditation; 
 the impact of global climate change and legal, regulatory or market responses to such change; 
 the impact of writing down all or a portion of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets if there was a requirement to do so; 
 ability to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain additional capital to fund its operating subsidiaries and finance its growth; 
 risks relating to indebtedness, including its ability to comply with financial and operating covenants and the impact from changes to LIBOR; and 
 significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a result of being a public company. 
 4 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 We are a national leader in providing patient-centered, healthcare-at-home solutions including home medical equipment HME ), medical supplies, and related services. We focus primarily on providing (i) sleep therapy equipment, supplies and related services (including CPAP and bi PAP services) to individuals suffering from obstructive sleep apnea OSA ), (ii) medical devices and supplies to patients for the treatment of diabetes (including continuous glucose monitors CGM and insulin pumps), (iii) home medical equipment to patients discharged from acute care and other facilities, (iv) oxygen and related chronic therapy services in the home, and (v) other HME devices and supplies on behalf of chronically ill patients with wound care, urological, incontinence, ostomy and nutritional supply needs. We service beneficiaries of Medicare, Medicaid and commercial insurance payors. As of December 31, 2022, we serviced approximately 3.9 million patients annually in all 50 states through our network of approximately 725 locations in 47 states. Our principal executive offices are located at 220 West Germantown Pike, Suite 250, Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania 19462. 
 Company Operations 
 Product Offering . AdaptHealth delivers patient-centered, healthcare-at-home solutions including home medical equipment, medical supplies, and related services directly to a patient s home upon discharge from a hospital and/or receipt of a physician/medical referral. The breadth of AdaptHealth s products is particularly valuable to acute care hospitals, sleep laboratories and long-term care facilities that discharge patients with complex conditions and multiple product needs. 
 AdaptHealth is often paid a fixed monthly amount for certain HME products as designated by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS or commercial insurance payors, such as CPAP equipment, wheelchairs, hospital beds, oxygen concentrators, insulin pumps and other similar products. These sales accounted for approximately 32 of AdaptHealth s net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For resupply sale and one-time sale products, which include those deemed to be consumables, AdaptHealth receives a single payment upon sale of the product. These products, which include CPAP masks and related supplies, diabetes management supplies, CGMs, wound care supplies, wheelchair cushions accessories, orthopedic bracing, breast pumps and supplies, walkers, commodes and canes, nutritional supplies and incontinence supplies, accounted for approxima t ely 68 of AdaptHealth s net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Supply Chain. AdaptHealth plays an important role in delivering HME products to patients in their homes. Manufacturers of home medical equipment and diabetes medical devices sell and ship their products to AdaptHealth directly. AdaptHealth also contracts with national healthcare distribution companies to ship certain HME products directly to patients homes. These distributors invoice AdaptHealth for the cost of shipped products at the time of sale. AdaptHealth receives referrals from a variety of sources, such as acute care hospitals, sleep laboratories, pulmonologist and endocrinologist offices, skilled nursing facilities, hospice operators, and primary care providers, among others. AdaptHealth s products are either shipped to patients homes by AdaptHealth-operated or contracted delivery trucks or shipped using proprietary or third-party distribution services. AdaptHealth invoices payors and patients directly for the products that are delivered and for the services that are provided. 
 Operating Structure 
 Management. AdaptHealth is led by a proven management team with experience in the HME industry across a variety of healthcare organizations. AdaptHealth has a centralized approach for key business processes, including revenue cycle management, strategic purchases, payor contracting, mergers and acquisitions M A activity, finance, compliance, legal, human resources, IT and sales management. In addition, AdaptHealth has centralized many of the functions relating to its CPAP and other resupply businesses. However, AdaptHealth believes that the personalized nature of customer requirements and referral relationships, characteristic of the home healthcare business, mandate that it emphasize a localized operating structure as well. AdaptHealth focuses on regional management to respond promptly and effectively to local market demands and opportunities. AdaptHealth s regional managers are responsible and accountable for maintaining and developing relationships with referral sources, customer service for non-CPAP supply product lines and logistics for non-drop-shipped products. 
 5 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 IT. AdaptHealth has established an integrated, technology-enabled, centralized platform, distinguishing itself from many of its competitors who traditionally use less automated processes that are typically complex, can be prone to mistakes and are less efficient. AdaptHealth s technology enables automated, compliant, and integrated workflow into patients delivery of care. AdaptHealth believes that this advanced technology platform provides it with a competitive advantage through its unique components that cater to patients and physicians. AdaptHealth believes that its technology platform has several characteristics that appeal to physicians, including its ease of use, the improved compliance it enables through its integrated systems and the automated, integrated workflow it provides for patients delivery of care. Additionally, AdaptHealth s e-prescribing capabilities enhance transparency and reduce transcription and other errors. AdaptHealth believes that patients are also better served due to the efficiency from time of order to delivery and the seamless integration across points of care enabled by AdaptHealth s platform. The integrated system also provides AdaptHealth management with critical information in a timely manner, allowing them to track performance levels company wide. On February 1, 2021, AdaptHealth acquired AeroCare Holdings, Inc. AeroCare ). Subsequent to the acquisition of AeroCare, AdaptHealth replaced its mobile delivery software technology provided by a third party with AeroCare s proprietary mobile delivery technology called OTL. This technology has allowed AdaptHealth to add many features to its existing technology, such as delivery notification, patient satisfaction applications and referral source notifications. This application, combined with AdaptHealth s data warehouse and evolving data lake, has allowed AdaptHealth to build out a 360-degree view of its patients and activities, and to ultimately act as a fundamental component of the operating system of AdaptHealth. 
 AdaptHealth has formed close relationships with its third-party software providers, including Brightree, Snapworx, LLC and Parachute Health, to optimize its HME workflow. An example of this optimization is AdaptHealth s automated point-of-delivery technology, which tracks AdaptHealth s drivers and produces paperless, secure delivery tickets which are uploaded directly to the patient s file and available immediately on an enterprise-wide basis. In addition, to address ongoing and growing threats related to cyberattacks, AdaptHealth continues to deploy market leading defense tools to protect and secure its networks and data. 
 Revenue Cycle Management. AdaptHealth s revenue cycle management and billing processes have both manual and computerized elements that are designed to maintain the integrity of revenue and accounts receivable. Third-party payors that can accommodate electronic claims submission, such as Medicare, certain state Medicaid payors and many commercial insurance payors, are billed electronically on a daily basis. For other payors, who are unable to accept electronic submissions, AdaptHealth generates paper claims and invoices. 
 Outsourced Providers 
 AdaptHealth contracts with business process outsourcing providers to provide certain billing, accounts payable and administrative functions. These providers are based in India and the Philippines and provide AdaptHealth with the ability to scale its workforce in a cost-effective manner. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 4,200 full-time equivalent personnel were provided to AdaptHealth under such arrangements. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales activities are generally carried out by AdaptHealth s full-time sales representatives with assistance from on-site liaisons in certain markets who interact directly with hospital discharge coordinators and patients. AdaptHealth s sales team works closely with AdaptHealth s trained respiratory therapists in carrying out their daily sales activities. AdaptHealth primarily acquires new patients through referrals. Sources of referrals include acute care hospitals, sleep laboratories, pulmonologist and endocrinologist offices, skilled nursing facilities, hospice operators, and primary care providers, among others. AdaptHealth s sales representatives maintain continual contact with medical professionals across these facilities. AdaptHealth believes that its relationships with its referral sources are strong and that these entities will continue to be a source of non-acquired growth through new patients. While AdaptHealth views its referral sources as fundamental to its business, no single referral source accounted for a material amount of its annual net revenue as of December 31, 2022. 
 Acquisitions 
 Continuing to grow through accretive acquisitions is a key element of AdaptHealth s growth strategy, and AdaptHealth continuously reviews its pipeline of potential acquisition candidates. AdaptHealth maintains an M A integration team and leverages its scalable front-end and back-office technology platform to facilitate acquisition integration to help realize short-term cost saving synergies and longer-term revenue growth synergies. 
 6 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth completed acquisitions involving eight companies for aggregate consideration of approximately 17.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, AdaptHealth completed acquisitions involving 23 companies for aggregate consideration of approximately 2.9 billion (excluding amounts related to contingent consideration), primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare, which had aggregate consideration of approximately 2.4 billion. 
 Suppliers 
 AdaptHealth purchases home healthcare equipment, medical devices and supplies from a variety of suppliers. AdaptHealth s sleep therapy equipment and supplies are primarily provided by three suppliers, its mobility and home services products (such as hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers and commodes) are principally supplied by two suppliers and its diabetes services products/CGM products are primarily provided by two suppliers. As discussed in more detail in Item 1A , Risk Factors , on June 14, 2021, AdaptHealth received notice from Philips Respironics Philips that certain ventilator, BiPAP, and CPAP devices would be included in a Philips voluntary recall due to potential health risks to patients. It was not possible to purchase these products from Philips, which led to shortages in the supply chain, and other suppliers were unable to meet the strong patient demand for these products, which materially affected AdaptHealth s ability to service patient demand for these devices during the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, there was improved ability to purchase these products from alternative suppliers but continued shortages in the supply chain materially impacted AdaptHealth's ability to service patient demand for these devices. This recall may cause AdaptHealth to incur significant costs, some or all of which may not be recoverable from the product manufacturer. The recall has, and may continue to, materially negatively affect AdaptHealth s business and results of operations as a result of patients not using their impacted devices, current shortages in the availability of both replacement devices for impacted patients and new devices for new patients, patient hesitancy to use respiratory devices generally or other reasons. It is unclear how long the potential shortages could last, but if the inability to purchase these products continues for an extended period of time, the impact could continue to materially adversely affect AdaptHealth s business and results of operations. 
 Facilities 
 AdaptHealth does not own any properties and leases its operating locations. As of December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth serviced approximately 3.9 million patients annually across all 50 states, and, during the year ended December 31, 2022, performed an average of approximately 36,000 equipment and supply deliveries a day through its network of approximately 725 locations in 47 states. Full-service locations are typically up to approximately 5,000 square feet and are usually a combination of office and warehouse space. Many of these facilities are accredited to provide patients with medical products, equipment and related services, and their adjacent warehouse space is used for storage of adequate supplies of equipment and accessories for such patient services. AdaptHealth believes that these facilities are adequate to meet its current needs and expects to add additional facilities in connection with its growth strategies. AdaptHealth believes that such additional space, when required, will be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth had approximately 10,900 employees. AdaptHealth s human capital resources objectives and compensation program include attracting and retaining highly motivated, well-qualified employees and executives. AdaptHealth uses a mix of competitive salaries and other benefits to attract and retain employees and executives. AdaptHealth believes that relations between its management and employees are good, and it is committed to inclusion and policies and procedures to maintain a safe work environment. The health and safety of AdaptHealth s employees, patients and customers are of primary concern. During the COVID-19 pandemic, AdaptHealth took significant steps to protect its workforce including, but not limited to, working remotely, introducing contact-free operational procedures, procuring personal protective equipment, communicating hygiene and cleaning protocols, and implementing mandatory face-covering usage, self-monitoring processes, and social distancing protocols consistent with guidelines issued by federal, state and local law. While the health and safety of AdaptHealth s employees, patients and customers remain its primary concern, AdaptHealth has implemented policies around returning to offices and relaxed mask requirements. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 AdaptHealth s values of belonging, inclusion and diversity for success enable it to unlock the strengths of its employees to transform healthcare and improve lives. Strategic key initiatives include the formation of AdaptHealth s Diversity and Inclusion Council, learning and development opportunities around the concepts of leading inclusively, 
 7 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 inclusion in the workforce and unconscious bias. AdaptHealth places a high value on inclusion-building initiatives that create opportunities around cultural awareness and social learnings; this is largely accomplished through engaging employees in its Diversity and Inclusion Council, which is supported by employees with diverse backgrounds and experiences who share a common interest in professional development and improving corporate culture. 
 Talent Development and Retention 
 Building and strengthening AdaptHealth s talent pipeline is imperative to its success. AdaptHealth's management team has implemented various talent development initiatives. For example, AdaptHealth s approach to talent and performance is designed to ensure employees and managers have regular feedback conversations about performance goals and development, to enable its high-performance culture, and to create an environment where it achieves its strategy. AdaptHealth has career and development pathways designed for specific roles in consultation with operational management and human resources. 
 Competition 
 The HME market is fragmented and highly competitive. AdaptHealth competes with other large national providers, including Owens Minor Inc., Lincare Holdings Inc., Rotech Healthcare, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc.; regional providers, including DASCO Home Medical Equipment, Binson s Medical Equipment, Inc., Norco, Inc., Protech Home Medical Corp. and Quipt Home Medical; and product-specific providers, including Breg, Inc., Inogen, Inc., Acelity L.P., CCS Medical, and Advanced Diabetes Supply, as well as over 6,000 generally smaller local providers. In addition, AdaptHealth competes with non-HME providers, including CVS and Amazon. 
 Consolidation of the HME market is a continuing trend, as required technology investments and reduced reimbursements put financial pressure on smaller providers. Larger HME providers with integrated technology and automated processes are generally better positioned to gain market share and more attractive vendor pricing. The Medicare Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics, Supplies DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program also emphasizes the importance of relationships with both the payors and referral sources. Because payors typically select a limited number of exclusive suppliers, and physicians typically refer based on timely delivery and consistency, relationships with both are critical to success in the market. 
 AdaptHealth believes that the most important competitive factors in the regional and local markets are: 
 Quality of patient care, including clinical expertise; 
 Service quality and an efficient, responsive referral process; 
 Differentiated technology platform that provides a superior physician and patient experience; 
 Reputation with referral sources, including local physicians and hospital-based professionals; 
 Comprehensive offering across the home medical equipment space; 
 Broad network of payor contracts and regional insurers; and 
 Overall ease of doing business. 
 AdaptHealth believes that it competes favorably with competitors on the basis of these and other factors. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 See Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Commitments and Contingencies." 
 Government Regulation 
 The federal government and all states in which AdaptHealth currently operates regulate various aspects of AdaptHealth s business. In particular, AdaptHealth s operations are subject to federal laws that regulate the reimbursement 
 8 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 of its products and services under various government programs and that are designed to prevent fraud and abuse. AdaptHealth s operations are also subject to state laws governing, among other things, pharmacies, nursing services, medical equipment suppliers and certain types of home health activities. State regulators may also determine that telephone marketing of AdaptHealth products and services to patients fall within state regulation of telemarketing. Certain of AdaptHealth s employees are subject to state laws and regulations governing the licensure and professional practice of respiratory therapy, pharmacy and nursing. 
 AdaptHealth maintains a Compliance Program that is designed to meet the guidelines set forth by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"), and provides ongoing compliance training designed to keep AdaptHealth s officers, directors and employees well-educated and up-to-date regarding developments on relevant topics and to emphasize AdaptHealth s policy of strict compliance. Federal and state laws require that AdaptHealth obtain facility and other regulatory licenses and accreditation and that AdaptHealth enroll as a supplier with federal and state health programs. 
 As a healthcare provider, AdaptHealth is subject to extensive regulation to prevent fraud and abuse and laws regulating reimbursement under various government programs. The marketing, billing, documenting and other practices of healthcare companies are all subject to government scrutiny. To ensure compliance with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulations, regional health insurance carriers and state agencies often conduct audits and request customer records and other documents to support AdaptHealth s claims submitted for payment of services rendered to customers. Similarly, government agencies and their contractors periodically open investigations and obtain information from healthcare providers pursuant to the legal process. Violations of federal and state regulations can result in severe criminal, civil and administrative penalties and sanctions, including disqualification from Medicare and other reimbursement programs, which could have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and the HITECH Act, govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable health information or personal information. As part of AdaptHealth s provision of, and billing for, healthcare equipment and services, AdaptHealth is required to collect and maintain patient-identifiable health information. In addition, various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, or self-regulatory organizations, may expand current laws or regulations, enact new laws or regulations or issue revised rules or guidance regarding privacy, data protection and consumer protection. For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that term is broadly defined) and provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Although there are limited exemptions for protected health information and the CCPA s implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, the CCPA may increase AdaptHealth s compliance costs and potential liability. Many similar privacy laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. New health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, the HITECH Act, congressional action or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which AdaptHealth handles healthcare-related data and communicate with payers, and the cost of complying with these standards could be significant. If AdaptHealth does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to patient health information, it could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. 
 Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and many state attorneys general are interpreting existing federal and state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of health-related and other personal information. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require AdaptHealth to publish statements that describe how it handles personal information and choices individuals may have about the way AdaptHealth handles their personal information. If such information that AdaptHealth publishes is considered untrue, it may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5 of the FTC Act. Communications with AdaptHealth s patients are also subject to laws and regulations governing communications, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 ("TCPA"), the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing ("CAN-SPAM") Act, additional fax regulations under the Junk Fax Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule and Medicare regulations. 
 9 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Healthcare is an area of rapid regulatory change. Changes in the laws and regulations and new interpretations of existing laws and regulations may affect permissible activities, the relative costs associated with doing business, and reimbursement amounts paid by federal, state and other third-party payers. AdaptHealth cannot predict the future of federal, state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations, or possible changes in national healthcare policies. Future legislative and regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The impacts may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact AdaptHealth's ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of its business at the quantities and levels it requires. AdaptHealth may bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or destruction of its facilities (such as patient service offices and warehouses), loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. Governments in the U.S. and abroad are considering new or expanded laws to address climate change. Such laws may include limitations on greenhouse gas GHG emissions, mandates that companies implement processes to monitor and disclose climate-related matters, additional taxes or offset charges on specified energy sources, and other requirements. Compliance with climate-related laws may be further complicated by disparate regulatory approaches in various jurisdictions. New or expanded climate-related laws could impose substantial costs on AdaptHealth. At the present time, we cannot predict their potential effect on AdaptHealth's capital expenditures or results of operations. 
 Compliance with such laws and regulations is costly and may materially affect AdaptHealth's business. Among other effects, healthcare regulations substantially increase the time, difficulty and costs incurred in obtaining and maintaining approval to market newly developed and existing products. AdaptHealth believes it is in material compliance with all statutes and regulations applicable to its operations. 
 Implemented Regulation 
 As a provider of home oxygen, respiratory and other chronic therapy equipment to the home healthcare market, AdaptHealth participates in Medicare Part B, the Supplementary Medical Insurance Program, which was established by the Social Security Act of 1965. Providers of home oxygen and other respiratory therapy services and equipment have historically been heavily dependent on Medicare reimbursement due to the high proportion of elderly persons suffering from respiratory disease utilizing Medicare benefits. Durable medical equipment, including oxygen equipment, is traditionally reimbursed by Medicare based on fixed fee schedules. 
 Impact of the ACA and MIPPA. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended ("ACA"), the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 MIPPA ), the Medicare, Medicaid and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007 SCHIP Extension Act ), the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 DRA and the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA ), contain provisions that directly impacted reimbursement for the primary respiratory and other durable medical equipment DME products provided by AdaptHealth. 
 In recent years, the U.S. Congress and certain state legislatures have considered and passed a number of laws that are intended to result in significant changes to the healthcare industry. For example, there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the ACA, since the law s enactment, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the law, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of the law. The U.S. Supreme Court rejected one such case on June 17, 2021, when the Court held that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the ACA s requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage or the individual mandate and dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Federal regulatory agencies continue to modify ACA regulations and guidance related to the ACA, often as a result of presidential directives. The ultimate outcome of efforts to expand the ACA, substantially amend its provisions, or change funding for the ACA is unknown. Though we cannot predict what, if any, reform proposals will be adopted, healthcare reform and legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any future efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA or implement alternative reform measures may result in reduced funding for state Medicaid programs, lower numbers of insured individuals, reduced coverage for insured individuals, and could impact providers and other healthcare industry participants and cause AdaptHealth s revenues to decrease to the extent such legislation reduces Medicaid and/or Medicare reimbursement rates. 
 
 10 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 In December 2003, the MMA was signed into law. The MMA established a Recovery Audit Contractors ("RAC") program, which implemented a new method for recovery of Medicare overpayments by utilizing private companies operating on a contingent fee basis to identify and recoup Medicare overpayments, and implemented quality standards and accreditation requirements for DME suppliers. The RACs are empowered to audit claims submitted by healthcare providers and overpayments identified by the RACs can be recouped from future payments, including in cases where the reimbursement rules are unclear or subject to differing interpretations. This activity, as well as the activity of intermediaries and others involved in government reimbursement, may include changes in long-standing interpretations of reimbursement rules, which could adversely impact AdaptHealth s future financial condition and results of operations. In October 2008, CMS established Zone Program Integrity Contractors ZPICs and Unified Program Integrity Contractors UPICs ), who are responsible for ensuring the integrity of all Medicare-related claims. These legislative and regulatory provisions, as currently in effect, have and will continue to adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Impact of Competitive Bidding. The MMA legislation directly impacted reimbursement for the primary respiratory and other DME products that AdaptHealth provides. Among other things, the MMA established a competitive acquisition program for DME. The MMA instructed CMS to establish and implement programs under which competitive acquisition areas would be established throughout the United States for purposes of awarding contracts for the furnishing of competitively priced items of DME, including oxygen equipment. For each competitive acquisition area, CMS is required to conduct a competition under which providers submit bids to supply certain covered items of DME. Successful bidders are expected to meet certain program quality standards, volume commitments and surety bond requirements in order to be awarded a contract, and only successful bidders can supply the covered items to Medicare beneficiaries in the respective acquisition area (there are, however, regulations in place that allow non-contracted suppliers to continue to provide equipment and services to their existing customers at the new prices determined through the bidding process). Competitive bidding contracts are expected to be re-bid at least every three years. CMS is required to award contracts to multiple entities submitting bids in each area for an item or service but has the authority to limit the number of contractors in a competitive acquisition area to the number it determines to be necessary to meet projected demand. 
 
 In March 2019, CMS announced that it would consolidate all rounds and areas of the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program CBP into a single round of competition effective January 1, 2021 named Round 2021. Round 2021 contracts became effective on January 1, 2021 and extend through December 31, 2023. CMS included 16 product categories in Round 2021. On April 10, 2020, CMS announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it removed the non-invasive ventilators product category from the Round 2021 DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. 
 
 On October 27, 2020, CMS announced that it would not award competitive bid contracts in 13 of the 15 remaining product categories due to a failure to achieve expected savings, and that contract awards would only be made for off-the-shelf OTS knee and back braces. All other product categories were removed from Round 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, net revenue generated with respect to providing OTS knee and back braces (excluding amounts generated in non-rural and rural non-bid areas) were not material. AdaptHealth has obtained contracts for OTS knee and back braces, and does not expect the single payment amounts imposed by CMS under such contracts to have a material impact on AdaptHealth. 
 The competitive bidding process has historically put pressure on the amount AdaptHealth is reimbursed in the markets in which it exists, as well as in areas that are not subject to the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. The rates required to win future competitive bids could continue to depress reimbursement rates. AdaptHealth will continue to monitor developments regarding the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. While AdaptHealth cannot predict the outcome of the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program on its business in the future nor the Medicare payment rates that will be in effect in future years for the items subjected to competitive bidding, the program may materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 CMS s decision to cancel the 2021 competitive bidding program was a significant development for AdaptHealth. On December 28, 2021, CMS permanently finalized the higher blended rates in rural and noncontiguous non-competitive bidding areas. Congress further extended a blended higher Medicare reimbursement rate in non-competitive bidding/non-rural areas through the end of the public health emergency or December 31, 2023, whichever is later, when it reverts to 100 of the Medicare fee schedule. In total, AdaptHealth believes these changes to the competitive bidding program are significantly positive to the business. 
 Durable Medical Equipment Medicare Administrative Contractor. In order to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries only receive medically necessary and appropriate items and services, the Medicare program has adopted a number of documentation requirements. For example, certain provisions under CMS guidance manuals, local coverage determinations, and the DME Medicare Administrative Contractors MAC Supplier Manuals provide that clinical information from the patient s medical record is required to justify the initial and ongoing medical necessity for the 
 11 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 provision of DME. Some DME MACs, CMS staff and other government contractors have recently taken the position, among other things, that the patient s medical record refers not to documentation maintained by the DME supplier but instead to documentation maintained by the patient s physician, healthcare facility or other clinician, and that clinical information created by the DME supplier s personnel and confirmed by the patient s physician is not sufficient to establish medical necessity. If treating physicians do not adequately document, among other things, their diagnoses and plans of care, the risks that AdaptHealth will be subject to audits and payment denials are likely to increase. Moreover, auditors interpretations of these policies are inconsistent and subject to individual interpretation, leading to significant increases in individual supplier and industry-wide perceived error rates. High error rates could lead to further audit activity and regulatory burdens and could result in AdaptHealth making significant refunds and other payments to Medicare and other government programs. Accordingly, AdaptHealth s future revenues and cash flows from government healthcare programs may be delayed and/or reduced. Private payors also may conduct audits and may take legal action to recover alleged overpayments. AdaptHealth could be adversely affected in some of the markets in which it operates if the auditing payor alleges substantial overpayments were made to AdaptHealth due to coding errors or lack of documentation to support medical necessity determinations. AdaptHealth cannot currently predict the adverse impact these measures might have on its financial condition and results of operations, but such impact could be material. 
 Federal and state budgetary and other cost-containment pressures will continue to impact the home respiratory care industry. AdaptHealth cannot predict whether new federal and state budgetary proposals will be adopted or the effect, if any, such proposals would have on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Availability of Information 
 We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. 
 We also make available free of charge through our website, https://www.adapthealth.com/investor-relations, electronic copies of certain documents that we file with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks. The following discussion highlights some of these risks and others are discussed elsewhere in this report. These and other risks could materially adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Reliance on relatively few suppliers for the majority of AdaptHealth's patient service equipment and supplies could adversely affect its ability to operate. 
 AdaptHealth currently relies on a relatively small number of suppliers to provide it with the majority of its patient service equipment and supplies. Significant price increases, or disruptions in the ability to obtain such equipment and supplies from existing suppliers, may force AdaptHealth to use alternative suppliers. Additionally, any new excise taxes imposed on manufacturers of certain medical equipment could be passed on to customers, such as AdaptHealth. Such manufacturers may be forced to make other changes to their products or manufacturing processes that are unacceptable to AdaptHealth, resulting in a need to change suppliers. Any change in suppliers AdaptHealth uses could cause delays in the delivery of such products and possible losses in revenue, which could adversely affect AdaptHealth s results of operations. In addition, alternative suppliers may not be available, or may not provide their products and services at similar or favorable prices. If AdaptHealth cannot obtain the patient service equipment and supplies it currently uses, or alternatives at similar or favorable prices, AdaptHealth s ability to provide such products may be severely impacted, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted manufacturing in all of the regions where AdaptHealth s suppliers manufacture their 
 12 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 products. While the global closures and limitations on movement related to COVID-19 were temporary, and while such closures, limitations and related impacts have not materially disrupted AdaptHealth s supply chain to date, such supply chain disruption remains possible. Should such closures and limitations on movement related to COVID-19 be reinstated or continue for an extended period of time, the impact on AdaptHealth's supply chain could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 On June 14, 2021, AdaptHealth received notice from Philips that certain ventilator, BiPAP, and CPAP devices would be included in a Philips voluntary recall due to potential health risks to patients. The polyester-based polyurethane (PE-PUR) sound abatement foam, which is used to reduce sound and vibration in these affected devices, may break down and potentially enter the device s air pathway and may off-gas certain chemicals. If this occurs, black debris from the foam or certain chemicals released into the device s air pathway may be inhaled or swallowed by the person using the device. Patients using these devices were instructed to talk with their health care provider and doctor regarding use on a suitable treatment for their condition. 
 Since June 14, 2021, AdaptHealth has worked with affected patients to register their devices on the Philips recall website and AdaptHealth s management team has devoted, and will likely continue to devote, substantial time and resources to coordinating recall-related activity and to supporting AdaptHealth s home healthcare patients needs. 
 AdaptHealth cannot predict fully the potential legal, regulatory, and financial risks that may arise out of the recall. It is possible that some patients will discontinue use of their device, which could affect AdaptHealth s ability to continue billing for service. Additionally, AdaptHealth has been named in and may be subject to future litigation related to the recall, including but not limited to individual and putative class action claims related to personal injury for devices affected by the recall as well as claims regarding repair and replacement of devices affected by the recall. AdaptHealth cannot predict what additional actions will be required of AdaptHealth by the FDA or other state or federal agencies related to the recall. 
 It was not possible to purchase these products from Philips, which led to shortages in the supply chain, and other suppliers were unable to meet the strong patient demand for these products, which materially affected AdaptHealth s ability to service patient demand for these devices during the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, there was improved ability to purchase these products from alternative suppliers but continued shortages in the supply chain materially impacted AdaptHealth's ability to service patient demand for these devices. This recall has caused AdaptHealth to incur significant costs, some or all of which may not be recoverable from the product manufacturer. The recall has, and may continue to, materially negatively affect AdaptHealth s business and results of operations as a result of patients not using their impacted devices, current shortages in the availability of both replacement devices for impacted patients and new devices for new patients, patient hesitancy to use respiratory devices generally or other reasons. It is unclear how long the potential shortages could last, but if the inability to purchase these products continues for an extended period of time, the impact could continue to materially adversely affect AdaptHealth s business and results of operations. AdaptHealth is closely monitoring the impact of the recall on AdaptHealth s business and the uncertainty surrounding the availability and supply of devices due to the recall. 
 Supply chain disruptions and economy-wide labor shortages in the U.S. could negatively impact AdaptHealth s businesses. 
 Many companies recently have experienced increased supply chain and labor challenges. Materials, equipment and labor shortages, shipping, logistics and other delays and other supply chain and related disruptions, whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, have made it more difficult and costly for AdaptHealth to obtain products or services from third parties. If these types of disruptions continue to occur, it would have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Continued labor shortages have driven a significant increase in competition throughout the industry to attract and retain talent and have also led to increased labor costs. 
 While AdaptHealth seeks to mitigate any cost increases, labor impacts and supply chain delays and shortages, these efforts may not be successful and AdaptHealth may experience adverse impacts due to such factors. AdaptHealth cannot predict the extent of these current trends or other future increases in operating costs. To the extent such costs continue to increase, AdaptHealth may be prevented, in whole or in part, from passing such cost increases through to its existing and prospective customers, or AdaptHealth s customers may seek other competitive sources due to supply chain delays, which could have a material adverse impact on AdaptHealth s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 13 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth may be negatively impacted by inflation. 
 Increases in inflation may have an adverse effect on AdaptHealth. Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, general inflationary cost increases, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. The cost to manufacture and distribute the equipment and products that AdaptHealth provides to patients is influenced by the cost of materials, labor, and transportation, including fuel costs. AdaptHealth has recently experienced inflationary pressure and higher costs as a result of the increasing cost of materials, labor and transportation. The increase in the cost of equipment and products is due in part to a shortage in the availability of certain products, the higher cost of shipping, and general inflationary cost increases. Additionally, it is not certain that AdaptHealth will be able to pass increased costs onto customers to offset inflationary pressures. Continuing increases in inflation could impact the overall demand for AdaptHealth s products and services, its costs for labor, equipment and products, and the margins it is able to realize on its products, all of which could have an adverse impact on AdaptHealth s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, future volatility of general price inflation and the impact of inflation on costs and availability of materials, costs for shipping and warehousing, workforce wage pressure, and other operational overhead could adversely affect AdaptHealth s financial results. Although there have been recent increases in inflation, AdaptHealth cannot predict whether these trends will continue. AdaptHealth s primary mitigation efforts relating to these inflationary pressures include utilizing AdaptHealth s purchasing power in negotiations with vendors and the increased use of technology to drive operating efficiencies and control costs, such as AdaptHealth s digital platform for prescriptions, orders and delivery. Current inflationary increases have resulted in higher interest rates, which in turn have resulted in higher interest expense related to AdaptHealth s variable rate indebtedness. Future increases in inflation may result in higher interest rates which could increase interest expense related to AdaptHealth s variable rate indebtedness and any borrowings it may undertake to refinance existing fixed rate indebtedness. Higher interest rates also impact the discount rate used in the valuation of intangible assets and the impact on the discount rate could result in impairment charges for such assets. 
 AdaptHealth s business depends on its information systems, including software licensed from third parties, and any failure or significant disruptions of these systems, security breaches or loss of data could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 AdaptHealth s business depends on the proper functioning and availability of its computer systems and networks. AdaptHealth relies on an external service provider to provide continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement of AdaptHealth s primary information systems used for its operational needs. AdaptHealth licenses third-party software that supports intake, personnel scheduling and other human resources functions, office clinical and centralized billing and receivables management in an integrated database, enabling AdaptHealth to standardize the care delivered across its network of locations and monitor its performance and consumer outcomes. AdaptHealth also uses a third-party software provider for its order processing and inventory management platform. To the extent that its third-party providers fail to support, maintain and upgrade such software or systems, or if AdaptHealth loses its licenses with third-party providers, the efficiency of AdaptHealth s operations could be disrupted or reduced. 
 
 The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. In addition, the prevalent use of mobile devices that access confidential information increases the risk of data security breaches, which could lead to the loss of confidential information or other intellectual property. It is possible that AdaptHealth or its third-party vendors may experience cybersecurity and other breach incidents that remain undetected for an extended period. A cyber security attack or other incident that bypasses AdaptHealth s information systems security could cause a security breach which may lead to a material disruption to its information systems infrastructure or business and may involve a significant loss of business or patient health information. If a cyber-security attack or other unauthorized attempt to access AdaptHealth s systems or facilities were to be successful, it could result in the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential information or intellectual property, and could cause operational or business delays that may materially impact AdaptHealth s ability to provide various healthcare services. 
 Even when a security breach is detected, the full extent of the breach may not be determined immediately. If AdaptHealth experiences a reduction in the performance, reliability, or availability of its information systems, its operations and ability to process transactions and produce timely and accurate reports could be adversely affected. If AdaptHealth experiences difficulties with the transition and integration of information systems or is unable to implement, maintain, or expand its systems properly, AdaptHealth could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions, delays, cessation of service, regulatory problems, increases in administrative expenses and other harm to its business and competitive position. 
 14 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 There can be no assurance that AdaptHealth s and its third-party software providers safety and security measures and disaster recovery plan will prevent damage, interruption or breach of its information systems and operations. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect, AdaptHealth may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications AdaptHealth develops or procures from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of its information systems. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to AdaptHealth s systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom AdaptHealth does business, through fraud or other forms of deceiving its employees or contractors. Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems also could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of AdaptHealth s operations. 
 Any successful cyber security attack or other unauthorized attempt to access AdaptHealth s or its acquisition targets systems or facilities also could result in negative publicity which could damage its reputation or brand with its patients, referral sources, payors or other third parties and could subject AdaptHealth to substantial penalties under HIPAA and other federal and state data protection laws, in addition to private litigation with those affected. Failure to maintain the security and functionality of AdaptHealth s information systems and related software, or a failure to defend a cyber-security attack or other attempt to gain unauthorized access to AdaptHealth s or its acquisition targets systems, facilities or patient health information, could expose AdaptHealth to a number of adverse consequences, the vast majority of which are not insurable, including but not limited to disruptions in AdaptHealth s operations, regulatory and other civil and criminal penalties, fines, investigations and enforcement actions (including, but not limited to, those arising from the SEC, Federal Trade Commission, the Office of Inspector General or state attorneys general), private litigation with those affected by the data breach, loss of customers, disputes with payors and increased operating expense, which could adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth is affected by continuing efforts by private third-party payors to control their costs. If AdaptHealth agrees to lower its reimbursement rates due to pricing pressures from private third-party payors, AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations would likely deteriorate. 
 AdaptHealth derived approximately 61 of its net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from third-party private payors. Such payors continually seek to control the cost of providing healthcare services through direct contracts with healthcare providers, increased oversight and greater enrollment of patients in managed care programs and preferred provider organizations. These private payors are increasingly demanding discounted fee structures, including setting reimbursement rates based on Medicare fee schedules or requiring healthcare providers or suppliers to assume a greater degree of financial risk related to patient care. Reimbursement rates under private payor programs may not remain at current levels and may not be sufficient to cover the costs of caring for patients enrolled in such programs, and AdaptHealth may experience a deterioration in pricing flexibility, changes in payor mix and growth in operating expenses in excess of increases in payments by private third-party payors. AdaptHealth may be compelled to lower its prices due to increased pricing pressures, which could adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth s payor contracts are subject to renegotiation or termination, which could result in a decrease in AdaptHealth s revenue or profits. 
 The majority of AdaptHealth s payor contracts are subject to unilateral termination by either party on between 30 and 90 days prior written notice. Such contracts are routinely amended (sometimes by unilateral action by payors regarding payment policy), renegotiated, subjected to a bidding process with AdaptHealth s competitors, or terminated altogether. Sometimes in the renegotiation process, certain lines of business may not be renewed or a payor may enlarge its provider network or otherwise change the way it conducts its business in a way that adversely impacts AdaptHealth s revenue. In other cases, a payor may reduce its provider network in exchange for lower payment rates. AdaptHealth s revenue from a payor may also be adversely affected if the payor alters its utilization management expectations and/or administrative procedures for payments and audits, changes its order of preference among the providers to which it refers business or imposes a third-party administrator, network manager or other intermediary. Payors may also decide to refer business to their owned provider subsidiaries, such as specialty pharmaceuticals and/or HME networks owned by such payors or by third-party management companies. Any of these activities could materially reduce AdaptHealth s revenue from these payors. 
 15 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Changes made by payors to the way they cover products supplied by AdaptHealth could have an adverse impact on AdaptHealth s revenue and operations. 
 Payors that provide coverage for products supplied by AdaptHealth can make changes to their plans and benefit designs that can have an adverse impact on AdaptHealth s revenue and operations. For example, some payors have shifted coverage for continuous glucose monitors CGM from the medical benefit to the pharmacy benefit for their insureds. The impact of changing the benefit can include changes to the types of providers that can provide CGM, increased competition from pharmacies, changes to covered amounts, and changes to patient deductibles. Additionally, including CGM under the pharmacy benefit could allow pharmacy benefit managers to attempt to restrict how beneficiaries obtain CGM, including attempts to shift to specifically contracted providers with reduced reimbursement to the supplier or pharmacy. 
 Changes in governmental or private payor supply replenishment schedules could adversely affect AdaptHealth. 
 AdaptHealth generated approximately 27 of its net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 through the sale of masks, tubing and other ancillary products related to patients utilizing CPAP devices. Medicare, Medicaid and private payors limit the number of times per year that patients may purchase such supplies. To the extent that any governmental or private payor revises their resupply guidelines to reduce the number of times such supplies can be purchased, such reductions could adversely impact AdaptHealth s revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If AdaptHealth fails to manage the complex and lengthy reimbursement process, its revenue, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 Because AdaptHealth depends upon reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and third-party payors for a significant majority of its revenues, AdaptHealth s revenue, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by the reimbursement process, which in the healthcare industry is complex and can involve lengthy delays between the time that services are rendered and the time that the reimbursement amounts are settled. Depending on the payor, AdaptHealth may be required to obtain certain payor-specific documentation from physicians and other healthcare providers before submitting claims for reimbursement. Certain payors have filing deadlines and will not pay claims submitted after such deadlines. AdaptHealth cannot ensure that it will be able to effectively manage the reimbursement process and collect payments for its equipment and services promptly. 
 AdaptHealth generates a significant portion of its revenue from the provision of sleep therapy equipment and supplies to patients, and AdaptHealth s success is therefore highly dependent its ability to furnish these items. 
 Approximately 36 of AdaptHealth s net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was generated from the provision of sleep therapy equipment and supplies to patients. AdaptHealth s ability to execute its growth strategy therefore depends upon the adoption by patients, physicians and sleep centers, among others, of AdaptHealth s sleep therapy equipment and supplies to treat their patients suffering from OSA. There can be no assurance that AdaptHealth's sleep therapy equipment and supplies will continue to maintain broad acceptance among physicians and patients. Any failure by AdaptHealth to satisfy physician or patient demand for its equipment and supplies or to maintain meaningful market acceptance will harm its business and future prospects. 
 AdaptHealth may be adversely affected by consolidation among health insurers and other industry participants. 
 In recent years, a number of health insurers have merged or increased efforts to consolidate with other non-governmental payors. Insurers are also increasingly pursuing alignment initiatives with healthcare providers. Consolidation within the health insurance industry may result in insurers having increased negotiating leverage and competitive advantages, such as greater access to performance and pricing data. AdaptHealth s ability to negotiate prices and favorable terms with health insurers in certain markets could be affected negatively as a result of this consolidation. In addition, the shift toward value-based payment models could be accelerated if larger insurers, including those engaging in consolidation activities, find these models to be financially beneficial. There can be no assurance that AdaptHealth will be able to negotiate favorable terms with payors and otherwise respond effectively to the impact of increased consolidation in the payor industry or vertical integration efforts. 
 16 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Failure by AdaptHealth to maintain controls and processes over billing and collections or the deterioration of the financial condition of AdaptHealth s payors or disputes with third parties could have a significant negative impact on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 The collection of accounts receivable requires constant focus and involvement by management and ongoing enhancements to information systems and billing center operating procedures. There can be no assurance that AdaptHealth will be able to improve upon or maintain its current levels of collectability and days sales outstanding in future periods. Further, some of AdaptHealth s payors and/or patients may experience financial difficulties, or may otherwise not pay accounts receivable when due, resulting in increased write-offs. If AdaptHealth is unable to properly bill and collect its accounts receivable, its financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. In addition, from time to time AdaptHealth is involved in disputes with various parties, including its payors and their intermediaries regarding their performance of various contractual or regulatory obligations. These disputes sometimes lead to legal and other proceedings and cause AdaptHealth to incur costs or experience delays in collections, increases in its accounts receivable or loss of revenue. In addition, in the event such disputes are not resolved in AdaptHealth s favor or cause AdaptHealth to terminate its relationships with such parties, there may be an adverse impact on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 If AdaptHealth is unable to maintain or develop relationships with patient referral sources, its growth and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 
 AdaptHealth s growth and profitability depend in large part on referrals from acute care hospitals, sleep laboratories, pulmonologist and endocrinologist offices, skilled nursing facilities, hospice operators and other patient referral sources in the communities served by AdaptHealth, its ability to establish and maintain close working relationships with such patient referral sources and to increase awareness and acceptance of the benefits of inpatient rehabilitation, home health, and hospice care by its referral sources and their patients. By law, referral sources cannot be contractually obligated to refer patients to any specific provider. In addition, AdaptHealth s relationships with referral sources are subject to federal and state healthcare laws such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law to the extent these services provide a financial benefit to or relieve a financial burden for a potential referral source, or are subsequently found not to be for fair market value. However, there can be no assurance that other market participants will not attempt to steer patients to competing post-acute providers or otherwise limit AdaptHealth s access to potential referrals. The establishment of joint ventures or networks between referral sources, such as acute care hospitals, and other post-acute providers may hinder patient referrals to AdaptHealth. AdaptHealth s loss of, or failure to maintain, existing relationships or its failure to develop new relationships with referral sources could adversely affect its ability to grow its business and operate profitably. 
 AdaptHealth experiences competition from numerous other home respiratory, mobility equipment and diabetes medical devices and supplies providers, and this competition could adversely affect its revenues and its business. 
 The home respiratory, mobility equipment and diabetes medical devices and supplies markets are highly competitive and include a large number of providers, some of which are national providers, but most of which are either regional or local providers, including hospital systems, physician specialists and sleep labs. The primary competitive factors are quality considerations such as responsiveness, access to payor contracts, the technical ability of the professional staff and the ability to provide comprehensive services. These markets are very fragmented. Some of AdaptHealth s competitors may now or in the future have greater financial resources or more effective sales and marketing activities. AdaptHealth s largest national home respiratory/home medical equipment provider competitors include Owens Minor Inc., Lincare Holdings Inc., Rotech Healthcare, Inc. and Cardinal Health, Inc. The rest of the homecare market in the United States consists of regional providers and product-specific providers, as well as numerous local organizations. Hospitals and health systems are routinely looking to provide coverage and better control of post-acute healthcare services, including homecare services of the types AdaptHealth provides. These trends may continue as new payment models evolve, including bundled payment models, shared savings programs, value-based purchasing and other payment systems. 
 New entrants to the home respiratory/home medical equipment and diabetes medical devices and supplies markets could have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth s business, results of operations and financial condition. A number of manufacturers of home respiratory equipment currently provide equipment directly to patients on a limited basis. Such manufacturers have the ability to provide their equipment at prices below those charged by AdaptHealth, and there can be no assurance that such direct-to-patient sales efforts will not increase in the future or that such manufacturers will not seek reimbursement contracts directly with AdaptHealth s third-party payors, who could seek to provide equipment directly to patients from the manufacturer. In addition, pharmacy benefit managers, including CVS Health Corporation and the OptumRx business of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated, could enter the HME market and compete with AdaptHealth. Large technology companies, such as Amazon.com, Inc. and Alphabet Inc., have disrupted other supply businesses and 
 17 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 have entered the healthcare market. In the event such companies enter the HME market, AdaptHealth may experience a loss of referrals or revenue. 
 Changes in medical equipment technology and development of new treatments may cause AdaptHealth s current equipment or services to become obsolete. 
 AdaptHealth evaluates changes in home medical equipment technology and treatments on an ongoing basis for purposes of determining the feasibility of replacing or supplementing items currently included in the patient service equipment inventory and services that AdaptHealth offers patients. AdaptHealth s selection of medical equipment and services is formulated on the basis of a variety of factors, including overall quality, functional reliability, availability of supply, payor reimbursement policies, product features, labor costs associated with the technology, acquisition, repair and ownership costs and overall patient and referral source demand, as well as patient therapeutic and lifestyle benefits. Manufacturers continue to invest in research and development to introduce new products to the marketplace. It is possible that major changes in available technology, payor benefit or coverage policies related to those changes or the preferences of patients and referral sources may cause AdaptHealth s current product offerings to become less competitive or obsolete, and it will be necessary to adapt to those changes. Unanticipated changes could cause AdaptHealth to incur increased capital expenditures and accelerated equipment write-offs, and could force AdaptHealth to alter its sales, operations and marketing strategies. 
 AdaptHealth s operations involve the transport of compressed and liquid oxygen, which carries an inherent risk of rupture or other accidents with the potential to cause substantial loss. 
 AdaptHealth s operations are subject to the many hazards inherent in the transportation of medical gas products and compressed and liquid oxygen, including ruptures, leaks and fires. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment and pollution or other environmental damage and may result in curtailment or suspension of AdaptHealth s related operations. If a significant accident or event occurs, it could adversely affect AdaptHealth s business, financial position and results of operations. Additionally, corrective action plans, fines or other sanctions may be levied by government regulators who oversee transportation of hazardous materials such as compressed or liquid oxygen. 
 AdaptHealth provides a significant number of patients with oxygen-based therapy, and from time to time, AdaptHealth has operated medical gas facilities in several states subject to federal and state regulatory requirements. AdaptHealth s medical gas facilities and operations are subject to extensive regulation by the Food and Drug Administration FDA and other federal and state authorities. The FDA regulates medical gases, including medical oxygen, pursuant to its authority under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Among other requirements, the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP regulations impose certain quality control, documentation and record keeping requirements on the receipt, processing and distribution of medical gas. Further, in each such state, its medical gas facilities would be subject to regulation under state health and safety laws, which vary from state to state. The FDA and state authorities conduct periodic, unannounced inspections at medical gas facilities to assess compliance with the cGMP and other regulations, and AdaptHealth expends significant time, money and resources in an effort to achieve substantial compliance with the cGMP regulations and other federal and state law requirements at each of its medical gas facilities. AdaptHealth also complies with the FDA s requirement for medical gas providers to register their sites with the agency. There can be no assurance, however, that these efforts will be successful and that AdaptHealth s medical gas facilities will maintain compliance with federal and state law regulations. Failure by AdaptHealth to maintain regulatory compliance at its medical gas facilities could result in enforcement action, including warning letters, fines, product recalls or seizures, temporary or permanent injunctions, or suspensions in operations at one or more locations, and civil or criminal penalties which would materially harm its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity. 
 The timing and amount of AdaptHealth s share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 AdaptHealth s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to 200 million of AdaptHealth s Common Stock through December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, there was 186 million available under the program. Shares may be repurchased from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, as permitted under Exchange Act Rule 10b-18. The timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased will depend upon market conditions and other factors. Purchases may be started or stopped at any time without prior notice depending on market conditions and other factors. 
 18 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted on August 16, 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on net repurchases of shares by AdaptHealth beginning January 1, 2023. The imposition of the excise tax on repurchases of AdaptHealth s shares will increase the cost to AdaptHealth of making repurchases and may cause management to reduce the number of shares repurchased pursuant to the program. Additional considerations that could cause management to limit, suspend or delay future stock repurchases include: 
 unfavorable market conditions; 
 trading price of AdaptHealth s common stock; 
 nature and magnitude of other investment opportunities available to AdaptHealth from time to time; 
 use of available cash to pay down indebtedness; and 
 other allocations of available cash . 
 The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the global attempt to contain it may harm AdaptHealth's business, results of operations and ability to execute on its business plan. 
 The global spread of the coronavirus (COVID-19) and the various attempts to contain it created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. 
 If COVID-19 pandemic-related impacts begin to emerge or intensify again, AdaptHealth may not be able to provide the same level of service and products that its patients, physicians and facility referral sources are used to, which could negatively impact their perception of AdaptHealth s products or services. Furthermore, given increased government expenditures associated with its COVID-19 response, AdaptHealth could see increased government obligations which could negatively impact its results of operations. 
 The potential effects of COVID-19 could also heighten the risks disclosed in many of AdaptHealth s risk factors that are included above and below, including as a result of, but not limited to, the factors listed above. 
 AdaptHealth currently outsources, and from time to time in the future may outsource, a portion of its internal business functions to third-party providers. Outsourcing these functions has significant risks, and AdaptHealth s failure to manage these risks successfully could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 AdaptHealth currently, and from time to time in the future, may outsource portions of its internal business functions, including billing and administrative functions relating to revenue cycle management, to third-party providers in India and the Philippines. These third-party providers may not comply on a timely basis with all of AdaptHealth s requirements, or may not provide AdaptHealth with an acceptable level of service. This could result in significant disruptions in its operations and significantly increased costs to undertake AdaptHealth's operations, either of which could damage AdaptHealth s relationships with its customers. In addition, AdaptHealth s outsourced functions may be negatively impacted by any number of factors, including political unrest; public health crises; including the COVID-19 pandemic, social unrest; terrorism; war; vandalism; currency fluctuations; changes to the laws of India, the Philippines, the United States or any of the states or other jurisdictions in which AdaptHealth does business or outsources operations; or increases in the cost of labor and supplies in India and the Philippines or any other jurisdiction in which AdaptHealth outsources any portion of its internal business functions. AdaptHealth s outsourced operations may also be affected by trade restrictions, such as tariffs or other trade controls. As a result of its outsourcing activities, it may also be more difficult for AdaptHealth to recruit and retain qualified employees for its business needs at any time. AdaptHealth s failure to successfully outsource certain of its business functions could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 AdaptHealth's ability to successfully operate our business is largely dependent upon the efforts of certain key personnel of AdaptHealth, including senior management. The loss of such key personnel could negatively impact AdaptHealth's operations and financial results. 
 AdaptHealth is highly dependent on the performance and continued efforts of its senior management team. AdaptHealth s future success is dependent on its ability to continue to attract and retain qualified executive officers and 
 19 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 senior management. Any inability to manage AdaptHealth s operations effectively could adversely impact its financial condition and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth's ability to successfully operate its business is also dependent upon the efforts of certain other key personnel of AdaptHealth. It is possible that AdaptHealth will lose some key personnel, the loss of which could negatively impact its operations and profitability. 
 AdaptHealth s strategic growth plan, which involves the acquisition of other companies, may not succeed. 
 AdaptHealth s strategic plan calls for significant growth in its business over the next several years through an increase in its density in select markets where it is established as well as the expansion of its geographic footprint into new markets. This growth would place (and has placed) significant demands on AdaptHealth s management team, systems, internal controls and financial and professional resources. As a result, AdaptHealth could be required to incur (and has incurred) expenses for hiring additional qualified personnel, retaining professionals to assist in developing the appropriate control systems and expanding AdaptHealth s information technology infrastructure. If AdaptHealth is unable to effectively manage growth, its financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 AdaptHealth s strategic plan also contemplates continued growth from future acquisitions of home medical equipment providers. AdaptHealth may face increased competition for attractive acquisition candidates, which may limit the number of acquisition opportunities available to AdaptHealth or lead to the payment of higher prices for its acquisitions. Without successful acquisitions, AdaptHealth s future growth rate could decline. In addition, AdaptHealth cannot guarantee that any future acquisitions, if consummated, will result in further growth. 
 AdaptHealth s strategic plan contemplates successful integration of acquired home medical equipment providers with AdaptHealth s existing business, including reduction in operating expenses with respect to the acquired companies. Integrating an acquisition could be expensive and time-consuming and could disrupt AdaptHealth s ongoing business, negatively affect cash flow and distract management and other key personnel from day-to-day operations. AdaptHealth may not be able to combine successfully the operations of recently acquired companies with its operations, and, even if such integration is accomplished, AdaptHealth may never realize the potential benefits of such acquisition. 
 The integration of acquisitions requires significant attention from management, may impose substantial demands on AdaptHealth s operations or other projects and may impose challenges on us including, but not limited to, consistencies in business standards, procedures, policies and business cultures. There can be no assurance that any future acquisitions, if consummated, will result in further growth. 
 Specific integration risks relating to the acquisition of other companies by AdaptHealth may include: 
 difficulties related to combining previously separate businesses into a single unit, including patient transitions, product and service offerings, distribution and operational capabilities and business cultures; 
 availability of financing to the extent needed to fund acquisitions; 
 customer loss and other general business disruption; 
 managing the integration process while completing other independent acquisitions or dispositions; 
 diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations; 
 assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including unforeseen or contingent liabilities or liabilities in excess of the amounts estimated; 
 failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; 
 potentially substantial costs and expenses associated with acquisitions and dispositions; 
 failure to retain and motivate key employees; 
 coordinating research and development activities to enhance the introduction of new products and services; 
 20 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 difficulties in establishing and applying AdaptHealth s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures to an acquired business; 
 obtaining necessary regulatory licenses and payor-specific approvals, which may impact the timing of when AdaptHealth is to bill and collect for services rendered; 
 AdaptHealth s ability to transition patients in a timely manner may impact AdaptHealth s ability to collect amounts for services rendered; 
 AdaptHealth s estimates for revenue accruals during the integration of acquisitions may require adjustments in future periods as the transition of patient information is finalized; and 
 delays in obtaining new government and commercial insurance payor identification numbers for acquired branches, resulting in a slowdown and/or loss of associated revenue. 
 Political and economic conditions, including significant global or regional developments such as economic and political events, international conflicts (including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine), natural disasters and public health crises that are out of AdaptHealth s control, could adversely affect its revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 AdaptHealth s business can be affected by a number of factors that are beyond its control, such as general geopolitical, economic and business conditions, including slower economic growth, disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns in the form of either contained or widespread recessionary conditions, inflation, elevated unemployment levels, sluggish or uneven economic recovery, government actions impacting trade agreements including the imposition of trade restrictions such as tariffs and retaliatory counter measures, government deficit reduction, tax legislation increasing the federal corporate income tax rates, natural and other disasters, public health crises affecting the operations of AdaptHealth or its customers or suppliers, staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages, raw material shortages and disruptions in delivery systems. Turmoil in the financial markets, including in the capital and credit markets, and any uncertainty over its breadth, depth and duration may put pressure on the global economy and could have a negative effect on AdaptHealth s business, including with respect to the expansion of AdaptHealth s business operations worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with substantial losses in worldwide equity markets could cause an economic recession in the United States or worldwide. If global financial markets experience extreme disruption, governments may take unprecedented actions intended to address extreme market conditions that may include severely restricted credit and declines in real estate values. If conditions in the global economy, U.S. economy or other key vertical or geographic markets are weak or uncertain, AdaptHealth could experience material adverse impacts on its revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 AdaptHealth s current insurance program may expose it to unexpected costs and negatively affect its business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly if it incurs losses not covered by its insurance or if claims or losses differ from its estimates. 
 There is an inherent risk of liability in the provision of healthcare services. As participants in the healthcare industry, AdaptHealth may periodically be subject to lawsuits, some of which may involve large claims and significant costs to defend, such as mass tort or other class actions. Although AdaptHealth s insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that it believes are reasonable based on its operations, the coverage under its insurance programs may not be adequate to protect it in all circumstances. AdaptHealth s insurance policies contain exclusions and conditions that could have a materially adverse impact on AdaptHealth s ability to receive indemnification thereunder, as well as customary sub-limits for particular types of losses. Additionally, insurance companies that currently insure companies in AdaptHealth s industry may cease to do so, may change the coverage provided or may substantially increase premiums in the future. The incurrence of losses and liabilities that exceed AdaptHealth s available coverage, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth currently self-insures a significant portion of expected losses under its workers compensation, automobile liability and employee health insurance programs and, to offset negative insurance market trends, AdaptHealth may elect to increase its self-insurance coverage, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage. Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying its liabilities for these losses could result in materially different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material 
 21 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 adverse effect on AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if AdaptHealth experiences a greater number of these losses than it anticipates, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 AdaptHealth s revenue could be impacted by federal and state changes to reimbursement and other Medicaid and Medicare policies. 
 AdaptHealth derived approximately 26 and 28 of its net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from Medicare and various state-based Medicaid programs. These programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes affecting overall spending, base rates or basis of payment, retroactive rate adjustments, annual caps that limit the amount that can be paid (including deductible and coinsurance amounts) for rehabilitation therapy services rendered to Medicare beneficiaries, administrative or executive orders and government funding restrictions, all of which may materially adversely affect the rates and frequency at which these programs reimburse AdaptHealth. For example, the Medicaid Integrity Program is increasing the scrutiny placed on Medicaid payments and could result in recoupments of alleged overpayments. Healthcare providers, suppliers, and payors are facing increasing pressure to reduce healthcare costs, and recent budget proposals and legislation at both the federal and state levels have called for cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates. Enactment and implementation of measures to reduce or delay reimbursement or overall Medicare or Medicaid spending could result in substantial reductions in AdaptHealth s revenue and profitability. Payors may disallow AdaptHealth s requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain costs are not reimbursable or reasonable because either adequate or additional documentation was not provided or because certain services were not covered or considered medically necessary. Revenue from third-party payors can be retroactively adjusted after a new examination during the claims settlement process or as a result of post-payment audits. AdaptHealth may also be subject to pre-payment review of certain service lines or equipment segments as a result of negative audit findings or other third-party payor determinations, which can result in significant delays in claims processing and could materially impact its revenue. 
 As a result of the Public Health Emergency Declaration, National Emergency Declaration, and pursuant to the provisions of the CARES Act, among other things, CMS has issued regulatory guidance indicating enforcement discretion and flexibility regarding the provisions of items and services by Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics, Supplies DMEPOS suppliers like AdaptHealth. These provisions have been announced through blanket waivers under Section 1135 of the Social Security Act, two Interim Final Rules with Requests for Comment on April 6, 2020 and May 8, 2020, respectively, and through numerous forms of subregulatory guidance. These provisions include modifications of various requirements under CMS regulations and Medicare and Medicaid program rules that aim to expand the capacity of healthcare providers and suppliers to deliver healthcare services while minimizing the risk of viral exposure. Even through the end of the public health emergency, many of the provisions regarding documentation, coverage and flexibilities remain subject to further guidance and interpretation by CMS and Medicare Administrative Contractors MACs ), among others. Due to the speed with which this guidance was issued, neither CMS nor the MACs have fully addressed the impact of this guidance on medical review of claims or audits. CMS and MACs continued to update guidance regarding coverage criteria, documentation requirements, and in-person encounter requirements for Durable Medical Equipment DME through their websites and other media through the public health emergency. CMS s changes include the exercise of enforcement discretion with respect to the clinical conditions and face-to-face encounter requirements required under certain national and local coverage determinations applicable to certain items and supplies AdaptHealth offers. However, because these waivers and flexibilities may not fully describe the precise scope of the waiver or enforcement discretion, CMS, MACs and other Medicare or Medicaid auditors may challenge documentation for individual claims in pre-payment or post-payment audits. Further, the CMS or MACs may continue to modify or clarify this guidance during the COVID-19 pandemic in a way that affects AdaptHealth s operations or cash flows. Because the guidance issued changes frequently, AdaptHealth may be required to modify its compliance process and operations to remain in compliance with such guidance. In addition, AdaptHealth may be required to alter its operations and processes to ensure compliance once these flexibilities and waivers terminate (including flexibilities and waivers terminated by CMS prior to the end of the public health emergency). 
 
 On January 30, 2023, President Biden announced the intent to end the public health emergency on May 11, 2023, which will trigger the expiration of many of the waivers, enforcement discretion and flexibilities. AdaptHealth may be required to alter its operations and processes to ensure compliance once these flexibilities and waivers terminate (including flexibilities and waivers terminated by CMS prior to the end of the public health emergency). 
 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") also provides for a temporary suspension of reduced rates for items and services provided by AdaptHealth. Previously, CMS applied a blended payment rate for DME furnished in rural or noncontiguous non-competitive bidding areas. Pursuant to provisions of the CARES 
 22 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Act, through the end of the public health emergency, that blended rate will be based on 50 of the adjusted fee schedule amount (adjusted based on competitively bid prices) and 50 of the unadjusted DMEPOS fee schedule amount. On December 28, 2021, CMS extended the temporary 50/50 blended rate for rural and noncontiguous non-competitive bidding areas after the public health emergency. This 50/50 blended rate was continued in the 2023 DMEPOS Fee Schedule. 
 
 The CARES Act introduced a new blended rate for DME furnished in non-rural or contiguous non-competitive bidding areas that is based on 75 of the adjusted fee schedule amount and 25 of the unadjusted fee schedule amount. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 further extended the 75/25 blended Medicare reimbursement rate in non-competitive bidding/non-rural areas through the end of the public health emergency or December 31, 2023, whichever is later, after which it will revert to 100 of the Medicare fee schedule. 
 While AdaptHealth cannot predict what Medicare payment rates or coverage determinations will be in effect in future years, changes to payment rates or benefit coverages may materially impact its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The CARES Act temporarily suspended the 2 payment adjustment applied to all Medicare fee-for-service claims due to sequestration under The Budget Control Act of 2011. The suspension was extended through December 31, 2021 in Public Law 117-7, an act to prevent across-the-board direct spending cuts, and for other purposes. On December 10, 2021, the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act was signed into law, extending the suspension of the 2 sequestration through March 31, 2022. This law also contained a phase-in of sequestration, implementing a 1 payment adjustment from April 1, 2022 through June 30 2022 and reinstatement of the 2 payment adjustment as of July 1, 2022. The payment adjustment has, and may continue to, adversely affect AdaptHealth. Additionally, the impact of the termination of temporary suspension of sequestration for Medicare Advantage may depend on specific AdaptHealth individual contracts with Medicare Advantage Organizations. 
 
 The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (PAYGO) required that automatic payment cuts of 4 be put into place if a statutory action is projected to create a net increase in the deficit over either five or 10 years. The enactment of the American Rescue Plan Act in 2021 would have triggered PAYGO sequestration in 2021. In the Protecting Medicare American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act, Congress delayed the PAYGO sequestration until January 1, 2023. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (Public Law No: 117-328) further prevented implementation of the PAYGO Medicare 4 sequester through the end of 2024. If not renewed, the PAYGO payment adjustment may adversely affect AdaptHealth. 
 
 On December 28, 2021, CMS issued a final rule addressing, among other topics, the classification and payment for continuous glucose monitors CGM ). In the final rule, CMS expanded the classification of DME to a larger category of CGMs, regardless of whether they are non-adjunctive (i.e., that replace traditional blood glucose monitors) or adjunctive (i.e., that do not replace traditional blood glucose monitors), as long as such CGMs satisfy the regulatory definition of DME (i.e., can withstand repeated use for at least 3 years). 
 
 In its 2023 DMEPOS Fee Schedule, CMS also announced the fee schedule adjustment based on the annual change to the Consumer Pricing Index for all urban areas. Items that were subject to the CBP in former CBAs will receive a 6.4 adjustment. Items that were subject to the CBP in non-CBAs will receive a 9.1 adjustment. Items not subject to the CBP will receive an 8.7 adjustment. 
 AdaptHealth s business may be adversely impacted by healthcare reform efforts, including repeal of or significant modifications to the ACA. 
 In recent years, the U.S. Congress and certain state legislatures have considered and passed a number of laws that are intended to result in significant changes to the healthcare industry. For example, there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended ACA ), since the law s enactment, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the law, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of the law. The U.S. Supreme Court rejected the latest such case on June 17, 2021, when the Court held that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the ACA s requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage or the individual mandate and dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Federal regulatory agencies continue to modify ACA regulations and guidance related to the ACA, often as a result of presidential directives. The ultimate outcome of efforts to expand the ACA, substantially amend its provisions, or change funding for the ACA is unknown. Though we cannot predict what, if any, reform proposals will be adopted, healthcare reform and legislation may have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth's business, financial condition and results of operations. Any future efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA or implement alternative reform measures may result in reduced funding for state Medicaid programs, lower numbers of insured individuals, reduced coverage for insured 
 23 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 individuals, and could impact providers and other healthcare industry participants and cause AdaptHealth s revenues to decrease to the extent such legislation reduces Medicaid and/or Medicare reimbursement rates. 
 AdaptHealth is subject, directly or indirectly, to United States federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse and false claims laws and regulations. Prosecutions under such laws have increased in recent years and AdaptHealth may become subject to such litigation. If AdaptHealth is unable to comply or has not fully complied with such laws, it could face substantial penalties. 
 AdaptHealth s operations are subject to various state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal Stark Law and the federal False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things, AdaptHealth s sales, marketing and education programs. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and, despite a series of narrow safe harbors, prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. Penalties for violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include criminal penalties and civil sanctions such as fines, imprisonment and possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. Many states have also adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for healthcare items or services reimbursed by any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 The federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare and, as applicable under state law, Medicaid patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member has any financial relationship with the entity. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity receiving the referral from billing any good or service furnished pursuant to an unlawful referral. Various states have corollary laws to the Stark Law, including laws that require physicians to disclose any financial interest they may have with a healthcare provider to their patients when referring patients to that provider. Both the scope and exceptions for such laws vary from state to state. The federal False Claims Act prohibits persons from knowingly filing, or causing to be filed, a false claim to, or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government. The False Claims Act defines knowingly to include actual knowledge, acting in deliberate ignorance of the truth or falsity of information, or acting in deliberate disregard of the truth or falsity of information. False Claims Act liability includes liability for reverse false claims for avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money to the government. This includes False Claims Act liability for failing to report and return overpayments within 60 days of the date on which the overpayment is identified. Penalties under the False Claims Act can include exclusion from the Medicare program. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. The frequency of filing qui tam actions has increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies to have to defend a False Claims Act action. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim. Various states have also enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims Act. 
 For example, as previously disclosed, on July 25, 2017, AdaptHealth was served with a subpoena by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania EDPA pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3486 (investigation of a federal health care offense) to produce certain audit records and internal communications regarding ventilator billing. The investigation focused on billing practices regarding one payor that contracted for bundled payments for certain ventilators. AdaptHealth has cooperated with investigators and, through agreement with the EDPA, has submitted all information requested in AdaptHealth s possession. An independent third party was retained by AdaptHealth that identified overpayments and underpayments for ventilator billings related to the payor, and a remittance was sent to reconcile that account. On October 3, 2019, AdaptHealth received a follow-up civil investigative demand from the EDPA regarding a document previously produced to the EDPA and patients included in the review by the independent third party. AdaptHealth has responded to the EDPA and supplemented its production as requested with any relevant 
 24 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 documents in AdaptHealth s possession. During subsequent communications, the EDPA indicated to the Company that the investigation remained ongoing. The EDPA also requested additional information regarding certain patient services and claims refunds processed by AdaptHealth in 2017. The Company produced this information in coordination with the EDPA. The EDPA has also raised questions regarding other aspects of ventilator billing. While AdaptHealth cannot provide any assurance as to whether the EDPA will seek additional information or pursue this matter further, it does not believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth. 
 Additionally, in March 2019, prior to its acquisition by AdaptHealth, AeroCare was served with a civil investigative demand CID issued by the United States Attorney for the Western District of Kentucky WDKY ). The CID seeks to investigate allegations that AeroCare improperly billed, or caused others to improperly bill, for oxygen tank contents that were not delivered to beneficiaries. The WDKY has requested documents related to such oxygen tank content billing as well as other categories of information. AeroCare has cooperated with the WDKY and has produced documents and provided explanations of its billing practices. In September 2020, the WDKY indicated the investigation includes alleged violations of the federal False Claims Act and as well as alleged violations of state Medicaid false claims acts in ten states. AeroCare has cooperated fully with the investigation and has indicated to the WDKY that concerns raised do not accurately identify Medicare coverage criteria and that state Medicaid coverage requirements generally do not provide for separate reimbursement for portable gaseous oxygen contents in the circumstances at issue. While AdaptHealth cannot provide any assurance as to whether the WDKY will seek additional information or pursue this matter further, it does not believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth. 
 HIPAA, and its implementing regulations, also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 From time to time, AdaptHealth has been and is involved in various governmental audits, investigations and reviews related to its operations. Reviews and investigations can lead to government actions, resulting in the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way AdaptHealth conducts business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other government programs. Additionally, as a result of these investigations, healthcare providers and entities may face litigation or have to agree to settlements that can include monetary penalties and onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. If AdaptHealth fails to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, its financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, becoming subject to these governmental investigations, audits and reviews may result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from the business as AdaptHealth cooperates with the government authorities, regardless of whether the particular investigation, audit or review leads to the identification of underlying issues. 
 AdaptHealth is unable to predict whether it could be subject to actions under any of these laws, or the impact of such actions. If AdaptHealth is found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other applicable state and federal fraud and abuse laws, AdaptHealth may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare reimbursement programs and the curtailment or restructuring of its operations. 
 Failure by AdaptHealth to successfully design, modify and implement technology-based and other process changes to maximize productivity and ensure compliance could ultimately have a significant negative impact on AdaptHealth s financial condition, reputation and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth has identified a number of areas throughout its operations, including revenue cycle management and fulfilment logistics, where it intends to centralize and/or modify current processes or systems in order to attain a higher level of productivity or ensure compliance. Failure to achieve the cost savings or enhanced quality control expected from the successful design and implementation of such initiatives may adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, Medicare and Medicaid often change their documentation requirements with respect to claims submissions. The standards and rules for healthcare transactions, code sets and unique identifiers also continue to evolve, such as ICD 10 and HIPAA 5010 and other data security requirements. Moreover, government programs and/or 
 25 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 commercial insurance payors may have difficulties administering new standards and rules for healthcare transactions and this may adversely affect timelines of payment or payment error rates. The DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program also imposes new reporting requirements on contracted providers. Failure by AdaptHealth to successfully design and implement system or process modifications could have a significant impact on its operations and financial condition. From time to time, AdaptHealth s outsourced contractors for certain information systems functions, such as Brightree LLC and Parachute Health LLC, may make operational, leadership or other changes that could impact AdaptHealth s plans and cost-savings goals. The implementation of many of the new standards and rules will require AdaptHealth to make substantial investments. Further, the implementation of these system or process changes could have a disruptive effect on related transaction processing and operations. If AdaptHealth s implementation efforts related to systems development are unsuccessful, AdaptHealth may need to write off amounts that it has capitalized related to systems development projects. Additionally, if systems development implementations do not occur, AdaptHealth may need to incur additional costs to support its existing systems. 
 If CMS requires prior authorization or implements changes in documentation necessary for AdaptHealth s products, AdaptHealth s revenue, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 CMS has established and maintains a Master List of Items Frequently Subject to Unnecessary Utilization of certain DMEPOS items identified as being subject to unnecessary utilization. This list identifies items that CMS has determined could potentially be subject to prior authorization as a condition of Medicare payment. Since 2012, CMS has also maintained a list of categories of DMEPOS items that require face-to-face encounters with practitioners and written orders before the DMEPOS supplier may furnish the items to beneficiaries. In a final rule issued in 2019, CMS combined and harmonized the two lists to create a single unified list (the Master List ). CMS also reduced the financial threshold for inclusion on the Master List. With certain exceptions for reductions in Payment Threshold (defined as an average purchase fee of 1,000 or greater, adjusted annually for inflation, or an average monthly rental fee of 100 or greater, adjusted annually for inflation), items remain on the Master List for ten years from the date the item was added to the Master List. The presence of an item on the Master List does not automatically mean that prior authorization is required. Under the 2019 final rule, CMS selects items from the Master List for inclusion on the Required Prior Authorization List. The expanded Master List would increase the number of DMEPOS items potentially eligible to be selected for prior authorization, face-to-face encounter and written order prior to delivery requirements as a condition of payment. CMS has added certain items that are part of AdaptHealth s product lines to the Master List and CMS may include the Company s products on the Required Prior Authorization List. In August 2022, CMS suspended the prior authorization requirement for specified orthosis items on the Required Prior Authorization List under certain circumstances when reported with certain modifiers, effective April 13, 2022. On January 17, 2023, CMS published the annual F2F/WOPD Required List update in a federal register announcement, which added 10 orthosis codes that go into effect on April 17, 2023. To ensure practitioner involvement, these items will require an in person face-to-face encounter or telehealth encounter and also require a written order prior to delivery (WOPD). If CMS adds additional products to the Master List, expands the list of items subject to prior authorization, or expands face-to-face encounter requirements or provisions requiring a written order prior to delivery, these changes may adversely impact AdaptHealth s revenue, financial condition and results from operations. 
 Reimbursement claims are subject to audits by various governmental and private payor entities from time to time and such audits may negatively affect AdaptHealth s revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 AdaptHealth receives a substantial portion of its revenues from the Medicare program. Medicare reimbursement claims made by healthcare providers, including HME providers, are subject to audit from time to time by governmental payors and their agents, such as MACs that, among other things, process and pay Medicare claims, auditors contracted by CMS, and insurance carriers, as well as the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (the OIG-HHS ), CMS and state Medicaid programs. These include specific requirements imposed by the Durable Medical Equipment Medicare Administrative Contractor DME MAC Supplier Manuals, Medicare DMEPOS enrollment requirements and Medicare DMEPOS Supplier Standards. To ensure compliance with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulations, government agencies or their contractors, including MACs, Recovery Audit Contractors RACs ), Unified Program Integrity Contractors UPICs and Zone Program Integrity Contractors ZPICs ), often conduct audits and request customer records and other documents to support AdaptHealth s claims submitted for payment of services rendered and compliance with government program claim submission requirements. Some contractors are paid a percentage of the overpayments recovered. Negative audit findings or allegations of fraud or abuse may subject AdaptHealth or its individual subsidiaries to liability, such as overpayment liability, refunds or recoupments of previously paid claims, payment suspension, or the revocation of billing or payment privileges in governmental healthcare programs. If CMS or a state Medicaid agency determines that certain actions of the Company or an affiliated subsidiary present an undue risk of fraud, waste, or abuse, they may suspend the billing or payment privileges of the entity, deny the entity s 
 26 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 enrollment or revalidation for Medicare or Medicaid participation, and potentially deny the re-enrollments of other commonly owned entities. Such actions, if imposed on the Company or its subsidiaries, could materially adversely impact the Company s revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In many instances, there are only limited publicly available guidelines and methodologies for determining errors with certain audits. As a result, there can be a significant lack of clarity regarding required documentation and audit methodology. The clarity and completeness of each patient medical file, some of which is the work product of physicians not employed by AdaptHealth, is essential to successfully challenging any payment denials. For example, certain provisions under CMS guidance manuals, local coverage determinations, and the DME MAC Supplier Manuals provide that clinical information from the patient s medical record is required to justify the initial and ongoing medical necessity for the provision of DME. Some DME MACs, CMS staff and other government contractors have taken the position, that the patient s medical record refers not to documentation maintained by the DME supplier but instead to documentation maintained by the patient s physician, healthcare facility or other clinician, and that clinical information created by the DME supplier s personnel and confirmed by the patient s physician is not sufficient to establish medical necessity. If treating physicians do not adequately document, among other things, their diagnoses and plans of care, the risks that the Company will be subject to audits and payment denials are likely to increase. Moreover, auditors interpretations of these policies are inconsistent and subject to individual interpretation, leading to significant increases in individual supplier and industry-wide perceived error rates. High error rates could lead to further audit activity and regulatory burdens, and could result in AdaptHealth making significant refunds and other payments to Medicare and other government programs. Accordingly, AdaptHealth s future revenues and cash flows from government healthcare programs may be reduced. Private payors also may conduct audits and may take legal action to recover alleged overpayments. AdaptHealth could be adversely affected in some of the markets in which it operates if the auditing payor alleges substantial overpayments were made to AdaptHealth due to coding errors or lack of documentation to support medical necessity determinations. AdaptHealth cannot currently predict the adverse impact these measures might have on its financial condition and results of operations, but such impact could be material. 
 Moreover, provisions of the ACA implemented by CMS require that overpayments be reported and returned within 60 days of the date on which the overpayment is identified. Any overpayment retained after this deadline may be considered an obligation for purposes of the False Claims Act, liability for which can result in the imposition of substantial fines and penalties. CMS currently requires a six-year lookback period, for reporting and returning overpayments. 
 On June 26, 2020 and February 17, 2021, respectively, two acquired subsidiaries of AdaptHealth received notices of suspension of Medicare payment privileges from the CMS UPIC for the western jurisdiction. Both notices stated that the suspension was based upon a determination that such subsidiaries, each single supplier entities, had billed for services which were not rendered and/or were medically unnecessary, and improperly solicited beneficiaries. The Company has responded to both suspensions, and on June 8, 2021, the Company received notice that one of the payment suspensions had been lifted. As previously noted, the remaining subsidiary subject to the payment suspension will not be paid for items provided to Medicare beneficiaries until the suspension is lifted, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in reinstating such payment privileges. These supplier entities represent less than two percent (2 of the Company s annual revenue. The Company does not believe that these suspensions will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 AdaptHealth cannot currently predict the adverse impact, if any, that these audits, determinations, methodologies and interpretations might have on its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant reimbursement reductions and/or exclusion from markets or product lines could adversely affect AdaptHealth. 
 
 In March 2019, CMS announced that it would consolidate all rounds and areas of the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program into a single round of competition effective January 1, 2021 named Round 2021 , to consolidate prior competitive bidding areas CBAs ). Round 2021 contracts became effective on January 1, 2021 and extend through December 31, 2023. CMS included 16 product categories in the Round 2021. On April 10, 2020, CMS announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it removed the non-invasive ventilators product category from the Round 2021 DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. 
 On October 27, 2020, CMS announced that it would not award competitive bid contracts in 13 of the 15 remaining product categories due to a failure to achieve expected savings, and that Round 2021 contract awards would only be made for off-the-shelf (OTS) knee and back braces. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net revenue generated 
 27 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 with respect to providing OTS knee and back braces (excluding amounts generated in non-rural and rural non-bid areas) were not material. AdaptHealth has obtained contracts for OTS knee and back braces, and does not expect the single payment amounts imposed by CMS under such contracts to have a material impact on the Company. 
 The competitive bidding process (which is expected to be re-bid every three years) has historically put pressure on the amount AdaptHealth is reimbursed in the markets in which it exists, as well as in areas that are not subject to the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. The rates required to win future competitive bids could continue to depress reimbursement rates. AdaptHealth will continue to monitor developments regarding the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program. While AdaptHealth cannot predict the outcome of the DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Program on its business in the future nor the Medicare payment rates that will be in effect in future years for the items subjected to competitive bidding, the program may materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure by AdaptHealth to maintain required licenses and accreditation could impact its operations. 
 AdaptHealth is required to maintain a significant number of state and/or federal licenses for its operations and facilities. Certain employees are required to maintain licenses in the states in which they practice. AdaptHealth manages the facility licensing function centrally. In addition, individual clinical employees are responsible for obtaining, maintaining and renewing their professional licenses, and AdaptHealth has processes in place designed to notify branch or pharmacy managers of renewal dates for the clinical employees under their supervision. State and federal licensing requirements are complex and often open to subjective interpretation by various regulatory agencies. Accurate licensure is also a critical threshold issue for the Medicare enrollment and the Medicare competitive bidding program. From time to time, AdaptHealth may also become subject to new or different licensing requirements due to legislative or regulatory requirements developments or changes in its business, and such developments may cause AdaptHealth to make further changes in its business, the results of which may be material. Although AdaptHealth believes it has appropriate systems in place to monitor licensure, violations of licensing requirements may occur and failure by AdaptHealth to acquire or maintain appropriate licensure for its operations, facilities and clinicians could result in interruptions in its operations, refunds to state and/or federal payors, sanctions or fines or the inability to serve Medicare beneficiaries in competitive bidding markets which could adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Accreditation is required by most of AdaptHealth s managed care payors and is a mandatory requirement for all Medicare DMEPOS providers. If AdaptHealth or any of its branches lose accreditation, or if any of its new branches are unable to become accredited, such failure to maintain accreditation or become accredited could adversely impact AdaptHealth s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security, and consumer protection laws, regulations, standards and other requirements could adversely affect AdaptHealth's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient privacy and consumer privacy, including HIPAA and the HITECH Act, govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable health information or personal information. Such laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, marketing and advertising, and consumer protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. These requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that varies from one jurisdiction to another and/or may conflict with other laws or regulations. As a result, AdaptHealth s practices may not have complied or may not comply in the future with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by AdaptHealth or any of its third-party partners or service providers to comply with privacy policies or federal or state privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which they may be subject, or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection, could adversely affect AdaptHealth s reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against AdaptHealth by governmental entities, consumers, users, suppliers or others. These proceedings may result in financial liabilities or may require AdaptHealth to change its operations, including ceasing the use or sharing of certain data sets. 
 HIPAA and the HITECH Act, and their implementing regulations, require AdaptHealth to comply with standards for the use and disclosure of health information within AdaptHealth and with third parties. HIPAA and the HITECH Act also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility, payment information, and privacy and security of individually identifiable health information. 
 28 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 HIPAA requires healthcare providers, including AdaptHealth, in addition to health plans and clearinghouses, to develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to protected health information that is used or disclosed. The HITECH Act included notification requirement for breaches of patient-identifiable health information, restricts certain disclosures and sales of patient-identifiable health information and provides a tiered system for civil monetary penalties for HIPAA violations. HIPAA also provides for criminal penalties. 
 In addition, various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, or self-regulatory organizations, may expand current laws or regulations, enact new laws or regulations or issue revised rules or guidance regarding privacy, data protection and consumer protection. For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that term is broadly defined) and provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Although there are limited exemptions for protected health information and the CCPA s implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, the CCPA may increase AdaptHealth s compliance costs and potential liability. Many similar privacy laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. 
 Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting existing federal and state consumer protection laws to impose evolving standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of health-related and other personal information. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which concern consumer notice, choice, security and access. Consumer protection laws require AdaptHealth to publish statements that describe how it handles personal information and choices individuals may have about the way AdaptHealth handles their personal information. If such information that AdaptHealth publishes is considered untrue, it may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC, violating consumers privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5 of the FTC Act. 
 Under the Federal CAN-SPAM Act, the TCPA and the Telemarketing Sales Rule and Medicare regulations, AdaptHealth is limited in the ways in which it can market and service its products and services by use of email, text or telephone marketing. The actual or perceived improper sending of text messages may subject us to potential risks, including liabilities or claims relating to consumer protection laws. Numerous class-action suits under federal and state laws have been filed in recent years against companies who conduct SMS texting programs, with many resulting in multi-million-dollar settlements to the plaintiffs. Any future such litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. For example, the TCPA, a federal statute that protects consumers from unwanted telephone calls, faxes and text messages, restricts telemarketing and the use of automated SMS text messages without proper consent. On April 1, 2021, in Facebook, Inc. v. Duguid, 141 S. Ct. 1163 (2021), the U.S. Supreme Court adopted a narrow definition of the type of automated dialers that are subject to the TCPA, thereby removing some automated text messages from the scope of the TCPA consent requirements. As a result, there may be an increase in litigation under state laws and new legislation at the federal and state level in an effort to ensure that consent is required for calls and text messages that are now outside the scope of the TCPA. For example, in May 2021, the Florida legislature passed a bill that expands restrictions for telephonic sales calls, including text messages, made using automated selection and dialing systems and creates a private right of action for violations of the law. Additionally, state regulators may determine that telephone calls to patients of AdaptHealth are subject to state telemarketing regulations. If AdaptHealth does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to telephone contacts or patient health information, it could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. New health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, the HITECH Act, congressional action or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which AdaptHealth handles healthcare-related data and communicates with payors, and the cost of complying with these standards could be significant. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to the delivery of consumer phone calls, emails and text messages are continuously evolving and developing. If AdaptHealth does not comply with these laws or regulations or if it becomes liable under these laws or regulations, it could face direct liability, could be required to change some portions of its business model, could face negative publicity and its business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Even an unsuccessful challenge of AdaptHealth s phone, email or SMS text practices by its consumers, regulatory authorities or other third parties could result in negative publicity and could require a costly response from and defense by AdaptHealth. 
 29 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. 
 The long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The impacts may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other adverse effects. The effects could impair, for example, the availability and cost of certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact AdaptHealth's ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of its business at the quantities and levels it requires. AdaptHealth may bear losses incurred as a result of, for example, physical damage to or destruction of its facilities (such as patient service offices and warehouses), loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. 
 
 Governments in the U.S. and abroad are considering new or expanded laws to address climate change. Such laws may include limitations on GHG emissions, mandates that companies implement processes to monitor and disclose climate-related matters, additional taxes or offset charges on specified energy sources, and other requirements. Compliance with climate-related laws may be further complicated by disparate regulatory approaches in various jurisdictions. New or expanded climate-related laws could impose substantial costs on AdaptHealth. At the present time, we cannot predict their potential effect on AdaptHealth's capital expenditures or results of operations. These events and impacts could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 
 If AdaptHealth were required to write down all or part of its goodwill its net earnings and net worth could be materially adversely affected. 
 AdaptHealth had 3.5 billion of goodwill recorded on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. For example, if AdaptHealth s market capitalization drops significantly below the amount of net equity recorded on its balance sheet, it might indicate a decline in its fair value and would require AdaptHealth to further evaluate whether its goodwill has been impaired. If, as part of AdaptHealth s annual review of goodwill, or if any triggering events are identified on an interim basis indicating a possible impairment of goodwill, AdaptHealth is required to write down all or a significant part of its goodwill, its net earnings and net worth would be materially adversely affected, which could affect AdaptHealth s flexibility to obtain additional financing. In addition, if AdaptHealth s assumptions used in preparing its valuations for purposes of impairment testing differ materially from actual future results, AdaptHealth may record impairment charges in the future and its financial results may be materially adversely affected. 
 AdaptHealth may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to cover required payments or comply with financial and operating covenants under its long-term debt and long-term operating leases. 
 Failure to generate sufficient cash flow to cover required payments or comply with financial and operating covenants under AdaptHealth s long-term debt and long-term operating leases could result in defaults under such agreements and cross-defaults under other debt or operating lease arrangements, which could harm its operating subsidiaries. AdaptHealth may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to cover required interest, principal and lease payments. In addition, AdaptHealth s current indebtedness contain restrictive covenants and require AdaptHealth to maintain or satisfy specified coverage tests. These restrictions and financial and operating covenants include, among other things, requirements with respect to total leverage ratios and an interest charge coverage ratio. These restrictions may interfere with AdaptHealth s ability to obtain additional advances under its existing credit facility or to obtain new financing or to engage in other business activities, which may inhibit AdaptHealth s ability to grow its business and increase revenue. In addition, failure by AdaptHealth to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of its debt. 
 AdaptHealth may need additional capital to fund its operating subsidiaries and finance its growth, and AdaptHealth may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms, or at all, which may limit its ability to grow. 
 AdaptHealth s ability to maintain and enhance its operating subsidiaries and equipment to meet regulatory standards, operate efficiently and remain competitive in its markets requires AdaptHealth to commit substantial resources to continued investment in its affiliated facilities and equipment. Additionally, the continued expansion of its business 
 30 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 through the acquisition of existing facilities, expansion of existing facilities and construction of new facilities may require additional capital, particularly if AdaptHealth were to accelerate its acquisition and expansion plans. Financing may not be available or may be available only on terms that are not favorable. In addition, some of AdaptHealth s outstanding indebtedness restricts, among other things, its ability to incur additional debt. If AdaptHealth is unable to raise additional funds or obtain additional funds on acceptable terms, it may have to delay or abandon some or all of its growth strategies. Further, if additional funds are raised through the issuance of additional equity securities, the percentage ownership of AdaptHealth's stockholders would be diluted. Any newly issued equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the Common Stock. 
 Changes in the method of determining the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest rates on AdaptHealth s outstanding variable rate indebtedness. 
 Certain of AdaptHealth s indebtedness, including LIBOR Rate Loans under its credit facility, bears interest at variable interest rates that use LIBOR as a benchmark rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent proposals for reform and, on March 5, 2021, the LIBOR Administrator announced that it will cease publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR for the most common tenors (overnight and one, three, six and twelve months) as of June 30, 2023. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York has begun publishing a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR ), which is intended to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR, and central banks in several other jurisdictions have also announced plans for alternative reference rates for other currencies. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted but may result in an increase in the interest cost of AdaptHealth s variable rate indebtedness. In the event that LIBOR is no longer available as a reference rate or is replaced by SOFR in the future, AdaptHealth s credit facility permits its lenders, in good faith, to unilaterally suspend maintaining LIBOR Rate Loans under the credit facility and to adopt a new rate, such as SOFR. As a result, AdaptHealth may need to renegotiate its outstanding indebtedness or incur other indebtedness, and the phase-out of LIBOR may negatively impact the terms of such indebtedness. 
 We will continue to incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a result of being a public company, which could have a material adverse effect on AdaptHealth's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a public company, AdaptHealth is subject to the reporting requirements and other obligations of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the securities exchanges. The SEC and other regulators continue to adopt new rules and regulations and make additional changes to existing regulations that require AdaptHealth s compliance. Regulatory reform may lead to substantial new disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact, in ways AdaptHealth cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which AdaptHealth operates its business. Compliance with such requirements may cause AdaptHealth to continue to incur additional accounting, legal and other expenses and may make certain activities more time-consuming. AdaptHealth also incurs costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under securities laws, as well as rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, particularly as a large accelerated filer. Such rules and regulations increase AdaptHealth s legal and financial compliance costs and AdaptHealth continues to devote significant time to comply with these requirements. AdaptHealth is currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules and regulations, and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs it may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 AdaptHealth has and will continue to incur additional costs to remediate material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, as described in Item 9A , Controls and Procedures . It may also be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with AdaptHealth s status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on the board of directors or as executive officers. Furthermore, certain of the key personnel of AdaptHealth may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause AdaptHealth to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. These increased costs will require AdaptHealth to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 31 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth s only significant asset is its ownership of AdaptHealth Holdings, and such ownership may not be sufficient to generate the funds necessary to meet its financial obligations or to pay any dividends on its Common Stock. 
 AdaptHealth has no direct operations and no significant assets other than the ownership of AdaptHealth Holdings. We depend on AdaptHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations or to pay any dividends with respect to our Common Stock. Legal and contractual restrictions in agreements governing the indebtedness of subsidiaries of AdaptHealth Holdings may limit our ability to ultimately obtain cash from AdaptHealth Holdings. The earnings from, or other available assets of, AdaptHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries may not be sufficient to enable us to satisfy our financial obligations or pay any dividends on our Common Stock. To the extent that we require funds and AdaptHealth Holdings or its subsidiaries are restricted from making distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of their financing arrangements, or are otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our ability to pay our income taxes when due. 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 We may not be able to effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that are applicable to us. 
 
 As a public company, AdaptHealth is required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in AdaptHealth s quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may continue to undertake various actions, such as implementing additional internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. These rules and regulations also increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Further, as we are no longer an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. As described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 and our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed an adverse report on the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. We concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022 because material weaknesses existed in our internal control over financial reporting which were identified in connection with the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2021 as described in our December 31, 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have taken a number of measures to remediate the material weaknesses identified as of December 31, 2021 as described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . With respect to the material weaknesses identified as of December 31, 2022, we plan to implement measures to remediate such material weaknesses as described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures however, if we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. In the future, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event that it continues to not be satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating effectively. If we are not able to implement additional internal controls and procedures in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our Common Stock. The existence of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us. In addition, we have and will continue to incur additional costs to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that are described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 
 Fluctuations in the price of AdaptHealth s securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our Common Stock could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our Common Stock and our Common Stock may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for it. In such circumstances, the trading price of our Common Stock may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 32 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Factors affecting the trading price of our Common Stock may include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts, investors or our guidance in a particular period; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning AdaptHealth or the home medical equipment industry in general; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 our ability to meet compliance requirements; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 inability to quickly remediate material weaknesses or the continued identification of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 the volume of shares of our Common Stock available for public sale; 
 any major change in our board of directors or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our Common Stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our Common Stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Certain of AdaptHealth's principal stockholders have significant influence over us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Q Management Services (PTC) Ltd., as Trustee of Everest Trust, beneficially owned approximately 10.31 of AdaptHealth's Common Stock, assuming the exercise of 665,628 private placement warrants held by Clifton Bay Offshore Investments L.P. and 41,473 private placement warrants held by Quadrant Management LLC. As of December 31, 2022, OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC beneficially owned approximately 10.23 of AdaptHealth's Common Stock. As long as Q Management Services (PTC) Ltd., as Trustee of the Everest Trust, and/or OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC own or control a significant percentage of our outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to significantly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors, any amendment to our Charter or Amended and Restated 
 33 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Bylaws (our Bylaws ), or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. 
 The interests of Q Management Services (PTC) Ltd., as Trustee of the Everest Trust, and/or OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC may not align with the interests of our other stockholders. Each of Q Management Services (PTC) Ltd., as Trustee of the Everest Trust, and OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC is in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Each of Q Management Services (PTC) Ltd., as Trustee of the Everest Trust, and OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Our Charter provides that our stockholders and our directors, including any who were designated by any of our stockholders, other than any such persons who are employees of us or any of our subsidiaries, do not have any obligation to offer to us any corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware prior to offering such opportunities to other entities with which they may be affiliated, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 Because AdaptHealth has no current plans to pay cash dividends on its Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell our Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We are required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for certain tax benefits we may claim, and the amounts of such payments could be significant. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement, which we entered into at the closing of the Business Combination with certain pre-Business Combination owners of AdaptHealth Units (collectively, the TRA Holders ), generally provides for the payment by us of 85 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that we actually realize (or are deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing as a result of: (i) certain tax attributes of Access Point Medical, Inc. existing prior to the Business Combination; (ii) certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of AdaptHealth Units; (iii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by us as a result of payments we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and (iv) certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We will retain the benefit of the remaining 15 of these cash savings. The amount of the cash payments that we may be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be significant and is dependent upon significant future events and assumptions, including the timing of the exchanges of AdaptHealth Units, the price of our Common Stock at the time of each exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable transactions and the amount of the exchanging TRA Holder s tax basis in its AdaptHealth Units at the time of the relevant exchange. The amount of such cash payments is also based on assumptions as to the amount and timing of taxable income we generate in the future, the U.S. federal income tax rate then applicable and the portion of our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that constitute interest or give rise to depreciable or amortizable tax basis. Moreover, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, which tax reporting positions are subject to challenge by taxing authorities. We are dependent on distributions from AdaptHealth Holdings to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and we cannot guarantee that such distributions will be made in sufficient amounts or at the times needed to enable us to make our required payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, or at all. Any payments made by us to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. Nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and therefore, may accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are also not conditioned upon the TRA Holders maintaining a continued ownership interest in AdaptHealth Holdings or us. 
 34 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if we breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if we undergo a change of control or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then the Tax Receivable Agreement will terminate and our obligations, or our successor s obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would accelerate and become immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is determined based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. 
 As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make cash payments to the TRA Holders that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and (ii) we would be required to make a cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control due to the additional transaction costs a potential acquirer may attribute to satisfying such obligations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the TRA Holders pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement if any tax benefits initially claimed by us are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a TRA Holder will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment or, even if challenged early, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments from which to net against. The applicable U.S. federal income tax rules are complex and factual in nature, and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or a court will not disagree with our tax reporting positions. As a result, it is possible that we could make cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax savings. 
 The interests of the TRA Holders in our business may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. 
 The interests of the TRA Holders may conflict with the interests of holders of our Common Stock. For example, the TRA Holders may have different tax positions from us which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence of the Tax Receivable Agreement, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate our obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration tax or other considerations of TRA Holders even in situations where no similar considerations are relevant to us. 
 AdaptHealth's warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of its Common Stock. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 4,333,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at 11.50 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,871,557 private placement warrants outstanding, which have an expiration date of November 20, 2024. To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to our stockholders and increase the number of shares of Common Stock eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 35 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth's Charter requires that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between AdaptHealth and its stockholders, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against AdaptHealth's directors and officers. 
 AdaptHealth s Charter requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, other than any claim to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or other claim for which federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, that derivative actions brought in AdaptHealth s name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of the State of Delaware, the stockholder bringing such suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. AdaptHealth s Charter further provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against AdaptHealth s directors and officers. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision in AdaptHealth s Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, AdaptHealth may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm its business. Although the Delaware Supreme Court held in March 2020 that exclusive forum provisions of federal district courts of the United States of America for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act are facially valid, courts in other jurisdictions may find such provisions to be unenforceable. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease all of our offices and facilities. Our corporate headquarters currently consists of approximately 15,500 square feet in an office building located at 220 West Germantown Pike, Suite 250, Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania 19462. In addition to our corporate headquarters, we lease facilities for our operating locations, billing centers, and other warehouse and office space. All facilities are leased pursuant to operating leases. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our planned needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Results and Operations - Commitments and Contingencies ." 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 36 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market Price of and Dividends on Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters; Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our Common Stock is currently listed on Nasdaq under the symbol AHCO. As of February 24, 2023, there were 45 holders of record of shares of our Common Stock. Such number does not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants contained in any of our existing or future indebtedness. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K for additional information required. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We had no sales of unregistered equity securities during the period covered by this report that were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 There were no purchases of equity securities by the issuer or affiliated purchasers, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with AdaptHealth Corp.'s ("AdaptHealth" or the "Company") consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this report. All amounts presented are in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), except as noted. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. Factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A, " Risk Factors ", of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain amounts that appear in this section may not sum due to rounding. 
 37 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth Corp. Overview 
 AdaptHealth is a national leader in providing patient-centered, healthcare-at-home solutions including home medical equipment ("HME"), medical supplies, and related services. The Company focuses primarily on providing (i) sleep therapy equipment, supplies and related services (including CPAP and bi PAP services) to individuals suffering from obstructive sleep apnea ("OSA"), (ii) medical devices and supplies to patients for the treatment of diabetes (including continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps), (iii) home medical equipment to patients discharged from acute care and other facilities, (iv) oxygen and related chronic therapy services in the home, and (v) other HME devices and supplies on behalf of chronically ill patients with wound care, urological, incontinence, ostomy and nutritional supply needs. The Company services beneficiaries of Medicare, Medicaid and commercial insurance payors. As of December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth serviced approximately 3.9 million patients annually in all 50 states through its network of approximately 725 locations in 47 states. The Company's principal executive offices are located at 220 West Germantown Pike, Suite 250, Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania 19462. 
 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 Federal, state, and local authorities have taken several actions designed to assist healthcare providers in providing care to COVID-19 and other patients and to mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Legislative actions taken by the federal government include the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act"), which was signed into law on March 27, 2020. Through the CARES Act, the federal government authorized payments that were distributed to healthcare providers through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund ("Provider Relief Fund" or "PRF"). Additionally, the CARES Act revised the Medicare accelerated and advance payment program in an attempt to disburse payments to healthcare providers more quickly to mitigate the financial impact on healthcare providers. 
 AdaptHealth increased its cash liquidity by, among other things, seeking recoupable advance payments of 45.8 million made available by CMS under the CARES Act legislation, which was received in April 2020. In addition, in connection with an acquisition completed in July 2020, AdaptHealth assumed a liability of 3.7 million relating to CMS recoupable advance payments received by the acquired company prior to the date of acquisition. The recoupment of the advance payments by CMS began in April 2021 and were applied to services provided and revenue recognized during the period in which the recoupment occurred, which impacted AdaptHealth's cash receipts for services provided during the period in which the amounts were recouped. As of December 31, 2022 the CMS advance payments have been recouped by or repaid to CMS in full and there is no liability to CMS for these amounts as of such date. In addition, in April 2020, AdaptHealth received distributions of the CARES Act PRF of 17.2 million, and subsequent to April 2020, AdaptHealth completed several acquisitions in which the acquired companies received a total of 22.2 million of PRF payments prior to the applicable dates of acquisition. In connection with the accounting for these acquisitions, AdaptHealth recorded assumed liabilities of 7.7 million relating to the PRF payments received by the acquired companies. The PRF payments are targeted to offset lost revenue and expenditures incurred in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. The PRF payments are subject to certain restrictions and are subject to recoupment if not used for designated purposes. As a condition to receiving distributions, providers were required to agree to certain terms and conditions, including, among other things, that the funds would be used for lost revenues and unreimbursed COVID-19 related expenses as defined by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"). All recipients of PRF payments were required to comply with the reporting requirements described in the terms and conditions and as determined by HHS. As of December 31, 2021, AdaptHealth recognized all of the PRF payments it had received, and the liabilities assumed for PRF payments received from acquired companies, as grant income, as it was determined that AdaptHealth has complied with the terms and conditions associated with the grant. As such, there is no liability recorded in AdaptHealth's consolidated balance sheet relating to the PRF payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 HHS has indicated that the CARES Act PRF are subject to ongoing reporting and changes to the terms and conditions, and there have been several updates to such reporting requirements and terms and conditions since they were issued by HHS. Such updates have related to changes to the guidance regarding utilization of the funds granted from the PRF and updates to the reporting requirements of such funds, among other updates. To the extent that there is any future updated guidance from HHS or modifications to the terms and conditions, it may affect AdaptHealth's ability to comply and AdaptHealth could be required to reverse the recognition of the grant income recorded and return a portion of the funds received, which could be material to AdaptHealth. AdaptHealth is continuing to monitor the terms and conditions issued by HHS. Furthermore, HHS has indicated that it will be closely monitoring and, along with the Office of Inspector General (United States) (OIG), auditing providers to ensure that recipients comply with the terms and conditions of relief programs 
 38 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 and to prevent fraud and abuse. All providers will be subject to civil and criminal penalties for any deliberate omissions, misrepresentations or falsifications of any information given to HHS. 
 
 Also, as permitted under the CARES Act, AdaptHealth elected to defer certain portions of employer-paid FICA taxes otherwise payable from March 27, 2020 to January 1, 2021. In total, AdaptHealth deferred 8.6 million under this provision, and paid 4.3 million on January 4, 2022 and 4.3 million on December 14, 2022. There are no further amounts due under this provision as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the National Emergency Declaration and the various state and local government imposed stay-at-home restrictions did not have a material impact on AdaptHealth's consolidated operating results initially, AdaptHealth experienced declines in net revenue in 2021 and 2020 in certain services associated with elective medical procedures (such as commencement of new CPAP services and medical equipment and orthopedic supply related to facility discharges). Offsetting these declines in net revenue, AdaptHealth experienced an increase in net revenue in 2021 and 2020 related to increased demand for certain respiratory products (such as oxygen), increased sales in its resupply businesses (primarily as a result of the increased ability to contact patients at home as a result of state and local government imposed stay-at-home orders) and the one-time sale of certain respiratory equipment (primarily ventilators, bi-level PAP devices and oxygen concentrators) to hospitals and local health agencies. Additionally, the suspension of Medicare sequestration (which had resulted in an approximate 2 increase in Medicare payments to all providers through March 31, 2022 and a 1 increase from April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022), and regulatory guidance from CMS expanding telemedicine and reducing documentation requirements during the public health emergency period, resulted in increased net revenues for certain products and services. However, Medicare sequestration has resumed on July 1, 2022 and will result in a reduction of 2 applied to all Medicare Fee-for-Service claims, which will negatively affect AdaptHealth's net revenue. On January 30, 2023, President Biden announced the intent to end the public health emergency on May 11, 2023. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, general inflationary cost increases, supply chain disruptions and governmental stimulus or fiscal policies. The cost to manufacture and distribute the equipment and products that AdaptHealth provides to patients is influenced by the cost of materials, labor, and transportation, including fuel costs. AdaptHealth has recently experienced inflationary pressure and higher costs as a result of the increasing cost of materials, labor and transportation. The increase in the cost of equipment and products is due in part to a shortage in the availability of certain products, the higher cost of shipping, and general inflationary cost increases. Additionally, it is not certain that AdaptHealth will be able to pass increased costs onto customers to offset inflationary pressures. Continuing increases in inflation could impact the overall demand for AdaptHealth's products and services, its costs for labor, equipment and products, and the margins it is able to realize on its products, all of which could have an adverse impact on AdaptHealth's business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, future volatility of general price inflation and the impact of inflation on costs and availability of materials, costs for shipping and warehousing and other operational overhead could adversely affect AdaptHealth's financial results. Although there have been recent increases in inflation, AdaptHealth cannot predict whether these trends will continue. AdaptHealth's primary mitigation efforts relating to these inflationary pressures include utilizing AdaptHealth's purchasing power in negotiations with vendors and the increased use of technology to drive operating efficiencies and control costs, such as AdaptHealth's digital platform for prescriptions, orders and delivery. 
 Key Components of Operating Results 
 Net Revenue . Net revenue is recorded for services that AdaptHealth provides to patients for home healthcare equipment, medical supplies to the home and related services. AdaptHealth' s primary service lines are (i) sleep therapy equipment, supplies and related services (including CPAP and bi PAP services) to individuals suffering from OSA, (ii) medical devices and supplies to patients for the treatment of diabetes (including continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps), (iii) home medical equipment to patients discharged from acute care and other facilities, (iv) oxygen and related chronic therapy services in the home, and (v) other HME devices and supplies on behalf of chronically ill patients with wound care, urological, incontinence, ostomy and nutritional supply needs. Revenues are recorded either (x) at a point in time for the sale of supplies and disposables, or (y) over the service period for equipment rental (including, but not limited to, CPAP machines, hospital beds, wheelchairs and other equipment), at amounts estimated to be received from patients or under reimbursement arrangements with Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payors, including private insurers. Certain trends or uncertainties that may have a material impact on revenue growth and operating results include the Company's ability to obtain new patient starts and to generate referrals from patient referral sources and the ability to meet the increased demand considering supply chain issues and inflationary pressures. 
 39 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Cost of Net Revenue. Cost of net revenue primarily includes the cost of non-capitalized medical equipment and supplies, distribution expenses, labor costs, facilities rental costs, revenue cycle management costs and depreciation for capitalized patient equipment. Distribution expenses represent the cost incurred to coordinate and deliver products and services to the patients. Included in distribution expenses are leasing, maintenance, licensing and fuel costs for the vehicle fleet; salaries, benefits and other costs related to drivers and dispatch personnel; and amounts paid to couriers. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses consist of corporate support costs including information technology, human resources, finance, contracting, legal, compliance, equity-based compensation, transaction expenses and other administrative costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization, Excluding Patient Equipment Depreciation. Depreciation expense includes depreciation charges for capital assets other than patient equipment (which is included as part of the cost of net revenue). Amortization expense includes amortization of identifiable intangible assets. 
 
 Factors Affecting AdaptHealth s Operating Results 
 AdaptHealth s operating results and financial performance are influenced by certain unique events during the periods discussed herein, including the following: 
 Acquisitions 
 AdaptHealth accounts for its acquisitions in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations , and the operations of the acquired entities are included in the historical results of AdaptHealth for the periods following the closing of the acquisition. Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions , included in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding AdaptHealth s acquisitions. 
 Debt 
 In August 2021, AdaptHealth issued 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125 senior unsecured notes (the 5.125 Senior Notes ). The 5.125 Senior Notes will mature on March 1, 2030. Interest on the 5.125 Senior Notes is payable on March 1st and September 1st of each year, beginning on March 1, 2022. In January 2021, AdaptHealth issued 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 senior unsecured notes (the 4.625 Senior Notes ). The 4.625 Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2029. Interest on the 4.625 Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on August 1, 2021. In July 2020, AdaptHealth issued 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125 senior unsecured notes (the 6.125 Senior Notes ). The 6.125 Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2028. Interest on the 6.125 Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on February 1, 2021. Refer to the section below, titled Liquidity and Capital Resources , for additional discussion related to AdaptHealth s senior unsecured notes. 
 In January 2021, AdaptHealth refinanced its debt borrowings and entered into a new credit agreement with its existing bank group, which was subsequently amended in April 2021 (the 2021 Credit Agreement ). Refer to the section below, titled Liquidity and Capital Resources , for additional discussion related to the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 In July 2020, AdaptHealth refinanced its then current debt borrowings and entered into a new credit agreement with a new bank group (the 2020 Credit Agreement ). The 2020 Credit Agreement consisted of a 250 million secured term loan (the 2020 Term Loan and 200 million in commitments for revolving credit loans. The amount borrowed under the 2020 Term Loan bore interest quarterly at variable rates based upon the sum of (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate (subject to a floor) equal to the LIBOR (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period, plus (b) an applicable margin ranging from 2.50 to 3.75 per annum based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement). Outstanding amounts borrowed under the 2020 Credit Agreement were repaid in full in connection with the January 2021 refinancing transaction discussed above. 
 In March 2019, AdaptHealth entered into a Note and Unit Purchase Agreement with an investor. Pursuant to the agreement, AdaptHealth issued a promissory note with a principal amount of 100 million (the "Promissory Note"). In November 2019, the Promissory Note was replaced with a new amended and restated promissory note with a principal amount of 100 million, and the investor converted certain of its members interests to a 43.5 million promissory note. The new 100 million promissory note, together with the 43.5 million promissory note, are collectively referred to herein 
 40 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 as the "New Promissory Note". In June 2021, AdaptHealth repaid 71.8 million of the outstanding principal balance under the New Promissory Note. In August 2021, AdaptHealth repaid the remaining outstanding principal balance of 71.7 million under the New Promissory Note. The outstanding principal balance under the New Promissory Note bore interest at 12 . 
 Seasonality 
 AdaptHealth s business experiences some seasonality. Its patients are generally responsible for a greater percentage of the cost of their treatment or therapy during the early months of the year due to co-insurance, co-payments and deductibles, and therefore may defer treatment and services of certain therapies until meeting their annual deductibles. In addition, changes to employer insurance coverage often go into effect at the beginning of each calendar year which may impact eligibility requirements and delay or defer treatment. Also, net revenue generated by the Company s diabetes product line is typically higher in the fourth quarter compared to the earlier part of the year due to the timing of when patients meet their annual deductibles and their associated reordering patterns. These factors may lead to lower net revenue and cash flow in the early part of the year versus the latter half of the year. Additionally, the increased incidence of respiratory infections during the winter season may result in initiation of additional respiratory services such as oxygen therapy for certain patient populations. AdaptHealth s quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future depending on these and other factors. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 
 AdaptHealth focuses on net revenue, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow as it reviews its performance. Total net revenue is comprised of net sales revenue and net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements, less implicit price concessions. Net sales revenue consists of revenue recognized at a point in time for the sale of supplies and disposables. Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements consists of revenue 
 41 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 recognized over the service period for equipment (including, but not limited to, CPAP machines, oxygen concentrators, ventilators, hospital beds, wheelchairs and other equipment). 
 Three Months Ended Net Revenue March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except revenue percentage, " ") Total (Unaudited) Net sales revenue - Point in time Sleep 192,335 27.2 194,693 26.8 198,206 26.2 208,787 26.8 794,021 26.7 Diabetes 151,359 21.4 162,259 22.3 169,075 22.3 188,295 24.1 670,988 22.6 Supplies to the home 39,865 5.6 43,881 6.0 47,793 6.3 47,787 6.1 179,326 6.0 Respiratory 8,145 1.2 7,891 1.1 9,734 1.3 8,572 1.1 34,342 1.2 HME 30,052 4.3 30,313 4.2 29,463 3.9 28,714 3.7 118,542 4.0 Other 54,199 7.7 53,617 7.3 58,252 7.7 52,393 6.7 218,461 7.4 Total Net sales revenue 475,955 67.4 492,654 67.7 512,523 67.7 534,548 68.5 2,015,680 67.9 Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements Sleep 57,938 8.2 65,661 9.0 72,423 9.6 76,683 9.8 272,705 9.2 Diabetes 3,946 0.6 4,034 0.6 4,211 0.6 3,912 0.5 16,103 0.5 Respiratory 132,580 18.8 128,865 17.7 130,618 17.3 128,634 16.5 520,697 17.5 HME 25,725 3.6 25,547 3.5 25,482 3.4 25,502 3.3 102,256 3.4 Other 10,059 1.4 10,853 1.5 11,238 1.4 11,004 1.4 43,154 1.5 Total Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements 230,248 32.6 234,960 32.3 243,972 32.3 245,735 31.5 954,915 32.1 Total net revenue Sleep 250,273 35.4 260,354 35.8 270,629 35.8 285,470 36.6 1,066,726 35.9 Diabetes 155,305 22.0 166,293 22.9 173,286 22.9 192,207 24.6 687,091 23.1 Supplies to the home 39,865 5.6 43,881 6.0 47,793 6.3 47,787 6.1 179,326 6.0 Respiratory 140,725 20.0 136,756 18.8 140,352 18.6 137,206 17.6 555,039 18.7 HME 55,777 7.9 55,860 7.7 54,945 7.3 54,216 7.0 220,798 7.4 Other 64,258 9.1 64,470 8.8 69,490 9.1 63,397 8.1 261,615 8.9 Total Net revenue 706,203 100 727,614 100 756,495 100 780,283 100 2,970,595 100 
 42 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Three Months Ended Net Revenue March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except revenue percentage, " ") Total (Unaudited) Net sales revenue - Point in time Sleep 128,682 26.7 163,331 26.5 173,359 26.5 188,758 26.9 654,130 26.6 Diabetes 95,017 19.7 123,314 20.0 134,228 20.5 175,523 25.0 528,082 21.5 Supplies to the home 41,363 8.6 42,675 6.9 42,441 6.5 41,351 5.9 167,830 6.8 Respiratory 5,621 1.2 13,154 2.1 6,228 1.0 6,013 0.9 31,016 1.3 HME 23,401 4.9 29,268 4.7 29,919 4.6 31,217 4.4 113,805 4.6 Other 23,181 4.7 28,855 4.7 45,996 7.1 46,511 6.6 144,543 6.0 Total Net sales revenue 317,265 65.8 400,597 64.9 432,171 66.2 489,373 69.7 1,639,406 66.8 Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements Sleep 48,109 10.0 66,335 10.8 62,755 9.6 60,053 8.6 237,252 9.7 Diabetes 2,853 0.6 3,216 0.5 3,722 0.6 3,332 0.5 13,123 0.5 Respiratory 83,454 17.3 111,528 18.1 117,918 18.0 114,370 16.3 427,270 17.4 HME 20,380 4.2 24,431 4.0 26,043 4.0 25,082 3.6 95,936 3.9 Other 10,058 2.1 10,910 1.7 10,684 1.6 9,896 1.3 41,548 1.7 Total Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements 164,854 34.2 216,420 35.1 221,122 33.8 212,733 30.3 815,129 33.2 Total Net revenue Sleep 176,791 36.7 229,666 37.3 236,114 36.1 248,811 35.5 891,382 36.3 Diabetes 97,870 20.3 126,530 20.5 137,950 21.1 178,855 25.5 541,205 22.0 Supplies to the home 41,363 8.6 42,675 6.9 42,441 6.5 41,351 5.9 167,830 6.8 Respiratory 89,075 18.5 124,682 20.2 124,146 19.0 120,383 17.2 458,286 18.7 HME 43,781 9.1 53,699 8.7 55,962 8.6 56,299 8.0 209,741 8.5 Other 33,239 6.8 39,765 6.4 56,680 8.7 56,407 7.9 186,091 7.7 Total Net revenue 482,119 100 617,017 100 653,293 100 702,106 100 2,454,535 100 
 43 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Three Months Ended Net Revenue March 31, 2020 June 30, 2020 September 30, 2020 December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except revenue percentage, " ") Total (Unaudited) Net sales revenue - Point in time Sleep 68,894 36.0 84,421 36.4 74,655 26.2 84,890 24.4 312,860 29.6 Diabetes 5,307 2.8 6,372 2.7 52,887 18.6 94,924 27.2 159,490 15.1 Supplies to the home 28,032 14.6 27,868 12.0 44,579 15.7 45,145 13.0 145,624 13.8 Respiratory 2,768 1.4 18,114 7.8 5,152 1.8 2,571 0.7 28,605 2.7 HME 11,579 6.0 12,727 5.5 14,998 5.3 18,725 5.4 58,029 5.5 Other 12,393 6.6 11,463 4.9 14,869 5.2 15,964 4.6 54,689 5.2 Total Net sales revenue 128,973 67.4 160,965 69.3 207,140 72.8 262,219 75.3 759,297 71.9 Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements Sleep 22,669 11.8 22,644 9.8 24,971 8.8 28,077 8.1 98,361 9.3 Diabetes 946 0.3 1,521 0.4 2,467 0.2 Respiratory 25,007 13.1 30,856 13.3 32,269 11.3 35,728 10.3 123,860 11.7 HME 12,177 6.4 13,262 5.7 14,256 5.0 16,152 4.6 55,847 5.3 Other 2,613 1.3 4,389 1.9 4,823 1.8 4,732 1.3 16,557 1.6 Total Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements 62,466 32.6 71,151 30.7 77,265 27.2 86,210 24.7 297,092 28.1 Total Net revenue Sleep 91,563 47.8 107,065 46.2 99,626 35.0 112,967 32.5 411,221 38.9 Diabetes 5,307 2.8 6,372 2.7 53,833 18.9 96,445 27.6 161,957 15.3 Supplies to the home 28,032 14.6 27,868 12.0 44,579 15.7 45,145 13.0 145,624 13.8 Respiratory 27,775 14.5 48,970 21.1 37,421 13.1 38,299 11.0 152,465 14.4 HME 23,756 12.4 25,989 11.2 29,254 10.3 34,877 10.0 113,876 10.8 Other 15,006 7.9 15,852 6.8 19,692 7.0 20,696 5.9 71,246 6.8 Total Net revenue 191,439 100 232,116 100 284,405 100 348,429 100 1,056,389 100 
 44 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022 and Year Ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table summarizes AdaptHealth s consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollars Revenue Percentage Dollars Revenue Percentage Increase/(Decrease) Dollars Percentage (Unaudited) Net revenue 2,970,595 100.0 2,454,535 100.0 516,060 21.0 Grant income 10,595 0.4 (10,595) (100.0) Costs and expenses: Cost of net revenue 2,553,169 85.9 2,008,925 81.8 544,244 27.1 General and administrative expenses 162,125 5.5 167,505 6.8 (5,380) (3.2) Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation 64,890 2.2 63,095 2.6 1,795 2.8 Total costs and expenses 2,780,184 93.6 2,239,525 91.2 540,659 24.1 Operating income 190,411 6.4 225,605 8.8 (35,194) (15.6) Interest expense, net 109,414 3.7 95,195 3.9 14,219 14.9 Change in fair value of warrant liability (17,158) (0.6) (53,181) (2.2) 36,023 (67.7) Change in fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability (29,389) (1.2) 29,389 (100.0) Loss on extinguishment of debt 20,189 0.8 (20,189) (100.0) Other loss, net 253 1,832 0.1 (1,579) (86.2) Income before income taxes 97,902 3.3 190,959 7.4 (93,057) (48.7) Income tax expense 24,769 0.8 32,806 1.3 (8,037) (24.5) Net income 73,133 2.5 158,153 6.1 (85,020) (53.8) Income attributable to noncontrolling interests 3,817 0.1 1,978 0.1 1,839 93.0 Net income attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. 69,316 2.4 156,175 6.0 (86,859) (55.6) 
 Net Revenue. The comparability of AdaptHealth's net revenue between periods was impacted by certain factors as described below. The table below presents the items that impacted the change in AdaptHealth's net revenue between periods. 
 Variance 2022 vs. 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) (Unaudited) Revenue change driver: Increase from acquisitions 439,817 17.9 Increase from non-acquired growth 86,359 3.5 Decrease in business to business revenue (10,116) (0.4) Total change in net revenue 516,060 21.0 
 45 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,970.6 million and 2,454.5 million, respectively, an increase of 516.1 million or 21.0 . The increase in net revenue was primarily driven by acquisitions, which increased net revenue by 439.8 million, and an increase of 86.4 million related to non-acquired growth. Additionally, net revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were negatively impacted by a recall of certain ventilator, BiPAP, and CPAP devices supplied to AdaptHealth by Philips Respironics ("Philips)". On June 14, 2021, AdaptHealth received notice from Philips that these devices would be included in a Philips voluntary recall due to potential health risks to patients. It was not possible to purchase these products from Philips, which led to shortages in the supply chain, and other suppliers were unable to meet the strong patient demand for these products, which materially affected AdaptHealth s ability to service patient demand for these devices during the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, there was improved ability to purchase these products from alternative suppliers but continued shortages in the supply chain materially impacted AdaptHealth's ability to service patient demand for these devices. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net sales revenue (recognized at a point in time) comprised 68 of total net revenue, compared to 67 of total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements comprised 32 of total net revenue, compared to 33 of total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Grant income. Grant income for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the recognition of amounts received under the CARES Act provider relief funds. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Results and Operations Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic ." 
 Cost of Net Revenue. 
 The following table summarizes cost of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollars Revenue Percentage Dollars Revenue Percentage Increase/(Decrease) Dollars Percentage (Unaudited) Costs of net revenue: Cost of products and supplies 1,199,481 40.4 955,813 38.9 243,668 25.5 Salaries, labor and benefits 770,669 25.9 595,668 24.3 175,001 29.4 Patient equipment depreciation 286,288 9.6 194,958 7.9 91,330 46.8 Rent and occupancy 64,375 2.2 48,586 2.0 15,789 32.5 Other operating expenses 225,719 7.6 206,599 8.4 19,120 9.3 Equity-based compensation 6,637 0.2 7,301 0.3 (664) (9.1) Total cost of net revenue 2,553,169 85.9 2,008,925 81.8 544,244 27.1 
 Cost of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,553.2 million and 2,008.9 million, respectively, an increase of 544.2 million or 27.1 . Costs of products and supplies increased by 243.7 million primarily as a result of acquisition growth, increased product costs, increased sales revenue, and general inflationary cost increases. Salaries, labor and benefits increased by 175.0 million, primarily related to acquisition growth, increased headcount, higher wages and commissions, and workforce wage pressure driven by inflation. Patient equipment depreciation was 9.6 of net revenue in 2022 compared to 7.9 in 2021, primarily as a result of a change in product mix. The increase in rent and occupancy and other operating expenses is primarily related to acquisition growth and general inflationary cost increases. The increase in other operating expenses includes increased shipping costs, including fuel costs which have increased by 2.6 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 162.1 million and 167.5 million, respectively, a decrease of 5.4 million or 3.2 . This decrease is primarily due to lower transaction costs as there was less acquisition activity in 2022 compared to 2021, and lower equity-based compensation expense, offset by higher professional fees including legal, accounting, information-technology, and consulting expenses associated with systems implementation activities and post-implementation support services. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 5.5 in 2022, compared to 6.8 in 2021. General and administrative expenses in 2022 included 6.0 million of transaction costs, 15.8 million of equity-based compensation 
 46 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 expense, and other non-recurring expenses of 19.7 million (including 11.7 million of consulting expenses associated with systems implementation activities and post-implementation support services and 7.4 million of legal fees associated with litigation). General and administrative expenses in 2021 included 47.9 million of transaction costs, 18.0 million of equity-based compensation expense, and other non-recurring expenses of 2.4 million. Excluding the impact of these charges, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 4.1 and 4.0 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation. Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 64.9 million and 63.1 million, respectively, an increase of 1.8 million. The increase was primarily related to higher depreciation expense associated with fixed assets excluding patient equipment, offset by lower amortization of intangible assets, primarily relating to a contractual rental agreement intangible asset recognized in connection with the AeroCare acquisition that became fully amortized at the end of 2021. 
 Interest Expense, net. Interest expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 109.4 million and 95.2 million, respectively. Interest expense related to long-term debt was higher in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of higher average long-term debt borrowings outstanding during that period and higher interest rates. Interest expense relating to AdaptHealth's credit agreement and senior unsecured notes increased by 8.0 million and 19.8 million, respectively, in 2022 compared to 2021. These increases were offset by 9.5 million of interest expense on AdaptHealth's note payable in 2021 which did not exist in 2022. Such borrowings were primarily used to fund acquisitions. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability . AdaptHealth has outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, as discussed in Note 11, Stockholders' Equity Warrants , to the accompanying December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements. These warrants are liability-classified, and the change in fair value of the warrant liability represents a non-cash gain in 2022 and 2021 for the change in the estimated fair value of such liability during the respective periods. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Common Shares Liability . In connection with the Business Combination, certain former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings were entitled to contingent consideration common shares, as discussed in Note 11, Stockholders' Equity Contingent Consideration Common Shares , to the accompanying December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements. These shares were liability-classified during 2021 and the change in fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability represents a non-cash gain for the change in the estimated fair value of such liability during the period. At December 31, 2021,the liability relating to the unearned contingent consideration common shares as of that date was reclassified to stockholders' equity. Since the fair value of these shares was reclassified to stockholders equity on December 31, 2021, these shares were no longer liability classified as of such date and therefore the changes in the estimated fair value of such shares were not recognized in the AdaptHealth s consolidated statements of operations during 2022. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 16.2 million of debt prepayment penalties and 2.0 million for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs in connection with the early repayment of AdaptHealth s note payable, and 2.0 million for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs in connection with AdaptHealth refinancing its credit facility in 2021. 
 Other loss, net. Other loss, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 3.2 million of expenses associated with legal settlements, 2.2 million of increases in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions, and 0.2 million of other charges, offset by income of 2.9 million related to changes in AdaptHealth s estimated TRA liability and 2.4 million in gains from asset sales. Other loss, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 3.9 million of expenses associated with legal settlements, offset by a 1.9 million gain in connection with the consolidation of an equity method investment and 0.2 million of other income. 
 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24.8 million compared to income tax expense of 32.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in income tax expense was due to lower pre-tax income offset by deferred only expense resulting from a decrease in estimated state effective tax rates. 
 47 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2021 and Year Ended December 31, 2020. 
 The following table summarizes AdaptHealth s consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: (in thousands, except percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollars Revenue Percentage Dollars Revenue Percentage Increase/(Decrease) Dollars Percentage (Unaudited) Net revenue 2,454,535 100.0 1,056,389 100.0 1,398,146 132.4 Grant income 10,595 0.4 14,277 1.4 (3,682) NM Costs and expenses: Cost of net revenue 2,008,925 81.8 898,601 85.1 1,110,324 123.6 General and administrative expenses 167,505 6.8 89,346 8.5 78,159 87.5 Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation 63,095 2.6 11,373 1.1 51,722 454.8 Total costs and expenses 2,239,525 91.2 999,320 94.6 1,240,205 124.1 Operating income 225,605 9.2 71,346 6.8 154,259 216.2 Interest expense, net 95,195 3.9 41,430 3.9 53,765 129.8 Change in fair value of warrant liability (53,181) (2.2) 135,368 12.8 (188,549) NM Change in fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability (29,389) (1.2) 98,717 9.3 (128,106) NM Loss on extinguishment of debt 20,189 0.8 5,316 0.5 14,873 NM Other loss (income), net 1,832 0.1 (3,444) (0.3) 5,276 NM Income (loss) before income taxes 190,959 7.8 (206,041) (19.5) 397,000 (192.7) Income tax expense (benefit) 32,806 1.3 (11,955) (1.1) 44,761 NM Net income 158,153 6.4 (194,086) (18.4) 352,239 (181.5) Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1,978 0.1 (32,454) (3.1) 34,432 NM Net income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. 156,175 6.4 (161,632) (15.3) 317,807 (196.6) 
 Net Revenue. Net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 2,454.5 million and 1,056.4 million, respectively, an increase of 1,398.1 million or 132.4 . Net revenue for 2021 and 2020 included 10.5 million and 36.5 million, respectively, from referral partners and healthcare facilities in support of their urgent needs as the coronavirus pandemic led to an increased demand for respiratory equipment including ventilators and oxygen concentrators. Excluding this revenue, net revenue was 2,444.0 million and 1,019.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, an increase of 1,424.1 million. The increase in net revenue was driven primarily by acquisitions completed after January 1, 2020, which increased net revenue by 1,443.0 million, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare. This increase in net revenue was partially offset by planned declines in revenue from the Company s Patient Care Solutions (PCS) supplies business (which was acquired in January 2020) in connection with the Company s turnaround efforts of that business executed subsequent to the acquisition. These turnaround efforts at PCS reduced net revenues for the 2021 period compared to the 2020 period as a result of the Company s exit from poor 
 48 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 performing payor contracts and products, which resulted in improved profitability for PCS. Net revenue generated by PCS for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 110.5 million and 130.2 million, respectively. Additionally, net revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by a recall of certain ventilator, BiPAP, and CPAP devices supplied to AdaptHealth by Philips Respironics (Philips). On June 14, 2021, AdaptHealth received notice from Philips that these devices would be included in a Philips voluntary recall due to potential health risks to patients. Management estimates that the Philips recall reduced expected net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 by approximately 40 million to 45 million, with such impact primarily affecting net revenue in the fourth quarter. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net sales revenue (recognized at a point in time) comprised 67 of total net revenue, compared to 72 of total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements comprised 33 of total net revenue, compared to 28 of total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. These changes are primarily due to a change in product mix, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare. 
 Grant income. Grant income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 related to the recognition of amounts received under the CARES Act provider relief funds. 
 Cost of Net Revenue. 
 The following table summarizes cost of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Dollars Revenue Percentage Dollars Revenue Percentage Increase/(Decrease) Dollars Percentage (Unaudited) Costs of net revenue: Cost of products and supplies 955,813 38.9 441,931 41.8 513,882 116.3 Salaries, labor and benefits 595,668 24.3 257,898 24.4 337,770 131.0 Patient equipment depreciation 194,958 7.9 71,072 6.7 123,886 174.3 Rent and occupancy 48,586 2.0 22,344 2.1 26,242 117.4 Other operating expenses 206,599 8.4 97,511 9.3 109,088 111.9 Equity-based compensation 7,301 0.3 7,845 0.8 (544) (6.9) Total cost of net revenue 2,008,925 81.8 898,601 85.1 1,110,324 123.6 
 Cost of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 2,008.9 million and 898.6 million, respectively, an increase of 1,110.3 million or123.6 , which is primarily related to acquisition growth. Costs of products and supplies increased by 513.9 million primarily as a result of acquisition growth, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare, and increased net sales revenue. Salaries, labor and benefits increased by 337.8 million, primarily related to acquisition growth and increased headcount, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare. The increase in rent and occupancy and other operating expenses is related to acquisition growth. 
 Cost of net revenue was 81.8 of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 85.1 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The cost of products and supplies was 38.9 of net revenue in 2021 compared to 41.8 in 2020, primarily driven by increased scale and reduced vendor pricing. Salaries, labor and benefits was 24.3 of net revenue in 2021 compared to 24.4 in 2020. Patient equipment depreciation was 7.9 of net revenue in 2021 compared to 6.7 in 2020, primarily as a result of a change in product mix as net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements as a percentage of total net revenue was higher in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare. 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 167.5 million and 89.3 million, respectively, an increase of 78.2 million or 87.5 . This increase is primarily due to (1) increased transaction costs related to acquisition growth, primarily from the acquisition of AeroCare, (2) higher professional fees including legal, accounting and consulting, including costs for Sarbanes Oxley compliance, (3) 
 49 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 higher labor costs associated with increased headcount, (4) higher equity-based compensation expense as a result of overall increased equity-based compensation grant activity and the accelerated vesting of certain awards, including 2.4 million in connection with the acceleration of vesting of certain equity awards in connection with the separation of the Company s former Co-CEO, and (5) higher information technology-related expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 6.8 in 2021, compared to 8.5 in 2020. General and administrative expenses in 2021 included 47.9 million of transaction costs, 18.0 million of equity-based compensation expense, and other non-recurring expenses of 2.4 million. General and administrative expenses in 2020 included 25.4 million of transaction costs, 10.8 million of equity-based compensation expense, and other non-recurring expenses of 1.1 million. Excluding the impact of these charges, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue was 4.0 and 4.9 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation. Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 63.1 million and 11.4 million, respectively, an increase of 51.7 million. The increase was primarily related to amortization expense of 46.5 million related to identifiable intangible assets recognized during 2021, primarily as a result of the acquisition of AeroCare, as compared to 6.0 million recognized during 2020. 
 Interest Expense, net. Interest expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 95.2 million and 41.4 million, respectively. Interest expense related to long-term debt was higher in 2021 compared to 2020 as a result of higher long-term debt borrowings outstanding during that period. Such borrowings were primarily used to fund acquisitions. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability . AdaptHealth has outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. These warrants are liability-classified, and the change in fair value of the warrant liability represents a non-cash gain in 2021 and a non-cash charge in 2020 for the change in the estimated fair value of such liability during the respective periods. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Common Shares Liability . In connection with the Business Combination, certain former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings were entitled to contingent consideration common shares. These shares were liability-classified through December 31, 2021, and the change in fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability represents a non-cash gain in 2021 and a non-cash charge in 2020 for the change in the estimated fair value of such liability during the respective periods. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 16.2 million of debt prepayment penalties and 2.0 million for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs in connection with the early repayment of AdaptHealth s note payable, and 2.0 million for the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs in connection with AdaptHealth refinancing its credit facility in 2021. Loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs in connection with AdaptHealth refinancing its credit facility in July 2020. 
 Other (Income) Loss, net . Other loss, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 3.9 million of expenses associated with legal settlements and 1.9 million of other charges, offset by 0.9 million of net reductions in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions, 0.7 million of equity income related to equity method investments, a gain of 0.5 million for the receipt of earnout proceeds in connection with an investment that was sold in 2020, and a 1.9 million gain in connection with the consolidation of an equity method investment. Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2020 consisted of 4.2 million in net reductions in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions, a gain of 0.6 million related to the sale of an investment, 0.1 million of equity income related to equity method investments, offset by a 1.5 million expense related to a transition services agreement executed in connection with an acquisition completed in 2020. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit). Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 32.8 million compared to an income tax benefit of 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in income tax expense was primarily related to increased pre-tax income and AdaptHealth Holding s change in U.S. federal income tax classification as a result of a tax restructuring completed in 2021. 
 50 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 AdaptHealth uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are financial measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, to analyze its financial results and believes that they are useful to investors, as a supplement to U.S. GAAP measures. In addition, AdaptHealth s ability to incur additional indebtedness and make investments under its existing credit agreement is governed, in part, by its ability to satisfy tests based on a variation of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 AdaptHealth defines EBITDA as net income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp., plus net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, interest expense, net, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization. 
 AdaptHealth defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above), plus loss on extinguishment of debt, equity-based compensation expense, transaction costs, change in fair value of the warrant liability, change in fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability, and certain other non-recurring items of expense or income. 
 AdaptHealth believes Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating AdaptHealth s financial performance. AdaptHealth uses this metric as the profitability measure in its incentive compensation plans that have a profitability component and to evaluate acquisition opportunities, where it is most often used for purposes of contingent consideration arrangements. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and the items excluded from EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, these key business metrics have limitations as an analytical tool. They should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of AdaptHealth s liquidity. 
 The following unaudited table presents the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp., to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 (Unaudited) Net income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. 69,316 156,175 (161,632) Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 3,817 1,978 (32,454) Interest expense excluding change in fair value of interest rate swaps 109,414 95,195 41,430 Income tax expense (benefit) 24,769 32,806 (11,955) Depreciation and amortization, including patient equipment depreciation 351,178 258,053 82,445 EBITDA 558,494 544,207 (82,166) Loss on extinguishment of debt (a) 20,189 5,316 Equity-based compensation expense (b) 22,397 25,323 18,670 Transaction costs (c) 6,003 49,081 26,573 Change in fair value of warrant liability (d) (17,158) (53,181) 135,368 Change in fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability (e) (29,389) 98,717 Other non-recurring expense (income) (f) 24,034 9,688 3,141 Adjusted EBITDA 593,770 565,918 205,619 
 (a) Represents the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and other expenses related to refinancing of debt and prepayment penalties for early debt payoff. 
 51 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 (b) Represents equity-based compensation expense for awards granted to employees and non-employee directors. The higher expense in 2021 is primarily due to expense resulting from accelerated vesting of certain awards, including accelerated vesting of certain awards in connection with the separation of the Company s former Co-CEO. 
 (c) Represents transaction costs and expenses related to integration efforts related to acquisitions. 
 (d) Represents a non-cash gain or charge for the change in the estimated fair value of the warrant liability. Refer to Note 11, Stockholders Equity Warrants , included in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for additional discussion of such non-cash gain or charge. 
 (e) Represents a non-cash gain or charge for the change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability. Refer to Note 11, Stockholders Equity Contingent Consideration Common Shares , included in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for additional discussion of such non-cash gain or charge. 
 (f) The 2022 period consists of 11.7 million of consulting expenses associated with systems implementation activities and post-implementation support services, 10.5 million of expenses associated with litigation, a 0.8 million loss related to the write-off of an investment, and 3.9 million of net other non-recurring expenses, offset by income of 2.9 million related to changes in AdaptHealth s estimated TRA liability. The 2021 period includes 2.1 million of expenses related to legal and other costs associated with the separation of the Company s former Co-CEO, 3.9 million of expenses associated with litigation, claims and settlements, 1.9 million of expenses associated with lease terminations, and 4.6 million of net other non-recurring expenses, offset by a 1.9 million gain in connection with the consolidation of an equity method investment, and 0.9 million of net reductions in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions. The 2020 period includes a 1.5 million expense related to a transition services agreement executed in connection with an acquisition completed in 2020 and 5.8 million of net other non-recurring expenses, offset by 4.2 million of net reductions in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 AdaptHealth uses free cash flow, which is a financial measure that is not in accordance with U.S. GAAP, in its operational and financial decision-making and believes free cash flow is useful to investors because similar measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, ratings agencies and other interested parties to evaluate AdaptHealth's competitors and to measure the ability of companies to service their debt. AdaptHealth's presentation of free cash flow should not be construed as a measure of liquidity or discretionary cash available to AdaptHealth to fund its cash needs, including investing in the growth of its business and meeting its obligations. 
 AdaptHealth defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash paid for purchases of equipment and other fixed assets. For further discussion on free cash flow, including a reconciliation from cash flows provided by operating activities, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources - Free Cash Flow below. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 AdaptHealth s principal sources of liquidity are its operating cash flows, borrowings under its credit agreements and other debt arrangements, and proceeds from equity issuances. AdaptHealth has used these funds to meet its capital requirements, which primarily consist of capital expenditures including patient equipment, product and supply costs, salaries, labor, benefits and other employee-related costs, third-party customer service, billing and collections and logistics costs, acquisitions and debt service, and to fund share repurchases. AdaptHealth s future capital expenditure requirements will depend on many factors, including its patient volume and revenue growth rates. 
 AdaptHealth s capital expenditures are made in advance of patients beginning service. Certain operating costs are incurred at the beginning of the equipment service period and during initial patient set up. 
 AdaptHealth believes that its expected operating cash flows, together with its existing cash, cash equivalents, and amounts available under its existing credit agreement, will continue to be sufficient to fund its operations and growth strategies for at least the next twelve months. 
 52 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 AdaptHealth may seek additional equity or debt financing in connection with the growth of its business, primarily for acquisitions. In addition, economic conditions may cause disruption in the capital markets, which could make financing more difficult and/or expensive. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, AdaptHealth may not be able to raise it on acceptable terms or at all. If additional capital is unavailable when desired, AdaptHealth s business, results of operations, and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. 
 As of December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth had approximately 46.3 million of cash and cash equivalents. In April 2020, AdaptHealth received distributions of the CARES Act PRF of 17.2 million, and subsequent to April 2020, AdaptHealth completed several acquisitions in which the acquired companies received a total of 22.2 million of PRF payments prior to the applicable dates of acquisition. In connection with the accounting for these acquisitions, AdaptHealth recorded assumed liabilities of 7.7 million relating to the PRF payments received by the acquired companies. The PRF payments are targeted to offset lost revenue and expenditures incurred in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. The PRF payments are subject to certain restrictions and are subject to recoupment if not used for designated purposes. As a condition to receiving distributions, providers were required to agree to certain terms and conditions, including, among other things, that the funds would be used for lost revenues and unreimbursed COVID-19 related expenses as defined by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"). All recipients of PRF payments were required to comply with the reporting requirements described in the terms and conditions and as determined by HHS. As of December 31, 2021, AdaptHealth recognized all of the PRF payments it had received, and the liabilities assumed for PRF payments received from acquired companies, as grant income, as it was determined that AdaptHealth has complied with the terms and conditions associated with the grant. As such, there is no liability recorded in AdaptHealth's consolidated balance sheet relating to the PRF payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 HHS has indicated that the CARES Act PRF are subject to ongoing reporting and changes to the terms and conditions, and there have been several updates to such reporting requirements and terms and conditions since they were issued by HHS. Such updates have related to changes to the guidance regarding utilization of the funds granted from the PRF and updates to the reporting requirements of such funds, among other updates. To the extent that there is any future updated guidance from HHS or modifications to the terms and conditions, it may affect AdaptHealth s ability to comply and AdaptHealth could be required to reverse the recognition of the grant income recorded and return a portion of the funds received, which could be material to AdaptHealth. AdaptHealth is continuing to monitor the terms and conditions issued by HHS. Furthermore, HHS has indicated that it will be closely monitoring and, along with the Office of Inspector General (United States) (OIG), auditing providers to ensure that recipients comply with the terms and conditions of relief programs and to prevent fraud and abuse. All providers will be subject to civil and criminal penalties for any deliberate omissions, misrepresentations or falsifications of any information given to HHS. 
 Also, as permitted under the CARES Act, AdaptHealth elected to defer certain portions of employer-paid FICA taxes otherwise payable from March 27, 2020 to January 1, 2021. In total, AdaptHealth deferred 8.6 million under this provision, and paid 4.3 million on January 4, 2022 and 4.3 million on December 14, 2022. There are no further amounts due under this provision as of December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, AdaptHealth had 765.0 million outstanding under its existing credit facility. In January 2021, AdaptHealth refinanced its debt borrowings and entered into a new credit agreement, which was subsequently amended in April 2021 (the 2021 Credit Agreement ). The 2021 Credit Agreement consists of a 800 million term loan (the 2021 Term Loan and 450 million in commitments for revolving credit loans with a 55 million letter of credit sublimit (the 2021 Revolver ), both with maturities in January 2026. The borrowing under the 2021 Term Loan requires quarterly principal repayments of 5.0 million beginning June 30, 2021 through March 31, 2023, increasing to 10.0 million beginning June 30, 2023 through December 31, 2025, and the unpaid principal balance is due at maturity in January 2026. Borrowings under the 2021 Revolver may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures and acquisitions permitted under the 2021 Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Revolver. As of the date of this filing, there was 25.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Revolver. Amounts borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest quarterly at variable rates based upon the sum of (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate (subject to a zero percent floor) equal to the LIBOR (as defined) for the applicable interest period multiplied by the statutory reserve rate, plus (b) an applicable margin (as defined) ranging from 1.50 to 3.25 per annum based on the Consolidated Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined). The 2021 Revolver carries a commitment fee during the term of the 2021 Credit Agreement ranging from 0.25 to 0.50 per annum of the actual daily undrawn portion of the 2021 Revolver based on the Consolidated Senior Secured Leverage Ratio. 
 53 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, AdaptHealth is subject to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose operating and financial restrictions on AdaptHealth. Financial covenants include a Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio and a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, both as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, including, among other things, failure to make payments when due thereunder, failure to observe or perform certain covenants, cross-defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency-related events, and non-compliance with healthcare laws. Any borrowing under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be repaid, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs, and any amounts repaid under the 2021 Revolver may be reborrowed. Mandatory prepayments are required under the 2021 Revolver when borrowings and letter of credit usage exceed the total commitments for revolving credit loans. Mandatory prepayments are also required in connection with the disposition of assets to the extent not reinvested, unpermitted debt transactions, and excess cash flow, as defined, if certain leverage tests are not met. AdaptHealth was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 In August 2021, AdaptHealth LLC issued 600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125 senior unsecured notes (the 5.125 Senior Notes ). The 5.125 Senior Notes will mature on March 1, 2030. Interest on the 5.125 Senior Notes is payable on March 1st and September 1st of each year, beginning on March 1, 2022. The 5.125 Senior Notes will be redeemable at AdaptHealth s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after March 1, 2025, and the redemption price for the 5.125 Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) March 1, 2025 is 102.563 , (ii) March 1, 2026 is 101.281 , (iii) March 1, 2027 and thereafter is 100.000 , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. AdaptHealth may also redeem some or all of the 5.125 Senior Notes before March 1, 2025 at a redemption price of 100 of the principal amount of the 5.125 Senior Notes, plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, AdaptHealth may redeem up to 40 of the original aggregate principal amount of the 5.125 Senior Notes before March 1, 2025 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 105.125 of the principal amount of the 5.125 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, AdaptHealth may be required to make an offer to purchase the 5.125 Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. 
 In January 2021, AdaptHealth LLC issued 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 senior unsecured notes (the 4.625 Senior Notes ). The 4.625 Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2029. Interest on the 4.625 Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on August 1, 2021. The 4.625 Senior Notes will be redeemable at AdaptHealth s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after February 1, 2024, and the redemption price for the 4.625 Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) February 1, 2024 is 102.313 , (ii) February 1, 2025 is 101.156 , and (iii) February 1, 2026 and thereafter is 100.000 , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. AdaptHealth may also redeem some or all of the 4.625 Senior Notes before February 1, 2024 at a redemption price of 100 of the principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Notes, plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, AdaptHealth may redeem up to 40 of the original aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Notes before February 1, 2024 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 104.625 of the principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, AdaptHealth may be required to make an offer to purchase the 4.625 Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. 
 In July 2020, AdaptHealth LLC issued 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125 senior unsecured notes (the 6.125 Senior Notes ). The 6.125 Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2028. Interest on the 6.125 Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on February 1, 2021. The 6.125 Senior Notes will be redeemable at AdaptHealth s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after August 1, 2023, and the redemption price for the 6.125 Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) August 1, 2023 is 103.063 , (ii) August 1, 2024 is 102.042 , (iii) August 1, 2025 is 101.021 and (iv) August 1, 2026 and thereafter is 100.000 , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. AdaptHealth may also redeem some or all of the 6.125 Senior Notes before August 1, 2023 at a redemption price of 100 of the principal amount of the 6.125 Senior Notes, plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, AdaptHealth may redeem up to 40 of the original aggregate principal amount of the 6.125 Senior Notes before August 1, 2023 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 106.125 of the principal amount of the 6.125 Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, AdaptHealth may be required to make an offer to purchase the 6.125 Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, AdaptHealth had working capital of 129.1 million and 170.2 million, respectively. A significant portion of AdaptHealth s assets consists of accounts receivable from third-party payors that are responsible for payment for the products and services that AdaptHealth provides. 
 54 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Cash Flow. The following table presents selected data from AdaptHealth s consolidated statements of cash flows for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 (Unaudited) Net cash provided by operating activities 373,867 275,679 195,634 Net cash used in investing activities (411,171) (1,824,753) (815,703) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (66,051) 1,598,739 643,153 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (103,355) 49,665 23,084 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 149,627 99,962 76,878 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 46,272 149,627 99,962 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 373.9 million and 275.7 million, respectively, an increase of 98.2 million. The increase was the result of (1) a 85.0 million reduction in net income, (2) a net increase of 139.4 million in non-cash charges, primarily from depreciation and amortization, the change in the estimated fair value of the warrant liability and contingent consideration common shares liability, equity-based compensation expense, and loss on extinguishment of debt, (3) an increase of 1.5 million in payments for contingent consideration related to acquisitions, and (4) a net 45.3 million increase resulting from the change in operating assets and liabilities, primarily from the change in accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 275.7 million and 195.6 million, respectively, an increase of 80.1 million. The increase was the result of (1) a 352.2 million improvement in net income, (2) a net decrease of 85.4 million in non-cash charges, primarily from the change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability and warrant liability, amortization, equity-based compensation expense, write-off of deferred financing costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, non-cash reduction in the carrying amount of operating lease right-of-use assets and changes in fair value of contingent consideration, (3) a 43.5 million change in deferred income taxes, (4) a net 139.2 million decrease resulting from the change in operating assets and liabilities, primarily from the change in accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable and accrued expenses (excluding the impact of cash received in the 2020 period in connection with the CARES Act discussed below), and (5) a decrease of 28.0 million in operating lease obligations, which was offset by the receipt of 45.8 million of recoupable advanced payments from CMS and the receipt of 17.2 million of provider relief fund payments in connection with the CARES Act in 2020. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 411.2 million, 1,824.8 million and 815.7 million, respectively. The use of funds in 2022 consisted of 19.0 million for business acquisitions, 391.4 million for equipment and other fixed asset purchases and 0.7 million for other investments. The use of funds in 2021 consisted of 1,620.3 million for business acquisitions, primarily for the AeroCare acquisition, 203.3 million for equipment and other fixed asset purchases and 1.1 million for other investments. The use of funds in 2020 consisted of 769.3 million for business acquisitions, primarily for the Solara, ActivStyle, Advanced and Pinnacle acquisitions, 39.8 million for equipment and other fixed asset purchases, 8.7 million for other investments, offset by 2.0 million of cash proceeds from the sale of an investment. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for 2022 was 66.1 million and consisted of repayments of 36.2 million on long-term debt and finance lease obligations, payments of 14.5 million for contingent consideration and deferred purchase price related to acquisitions, payments of 14.0 million for common stock repurchases under a share repurchase program, a payment of 2.0 million for a distribution to noncontrolling interests, and payments of 3.5 million for tax withholdings associated with equity-based compensation activity and stock option exercises, offset by proceeds of 1.6 million in connection with the employee stock purchase plan and proceeds of 2.5 million relating to stock option exercises. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for 2021 was 1,598.7 million and consisted of proceeds of 1,165.0 million from borrowings on long-term debt and lines of credit, proceeds of 1,100.0 million from the issuance of senior unsecured notes, proceeds of 278.9 million from the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with a public underwritten offering, proceeds of 12.3 million from the exercise of stock options, and proceeds of 1.0 million in connection with the employee stock purchase plan, offset by total repayments of 869.4 million on long-term debt and 
 55 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 finance lease obligations, payments of 13.8 million for equity issuance costs, payments of 29.2 million for debt issuance costs, payments of 25.2 million for contingent consideration and deferred purchase price related to acquisitions, payments of 16.1 million for debt prepayment penalties, payments of 1.1 million for distributions to noncontrolling interests, and payments of 3.6 million relating to tax withholdings associated with equity-based compensation activity and stock option exercises. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for 2020 was 643.2 million and consisted of proceeds of 591.3 million from borrowings on long-term debt and lines of credit, proceeds of 350.0 million from the issuance of senior unsecured notes, proceeds of 225.0 million from the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock and Preferred Stock in connection with private placement transactions, proceeds of 142.6 million from the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with a public underwritten offering, proceeds of 24.5 million from the exercise of warrants, and proceeds of 0.1 million in connection with the employee stock purchase plan, offset by total repayments of 586.5 million on long-term debt and capital lease obligations, payments of 11.7 million for equity issuance costs, payments of 13.0 million for debt issuance costs, payments of 44.3 million in connection with the exchange of shares of Class B Common Stock for cash, payment of 29.9 million in connection with the Put/Call Agreement, distributions to noncontrolling interests of 0.8 million, payments of 4.0 million for contingent consideration and deferred purchase price related to acquisitions, and payments of 0.1 million relating to tax withholdings associated with equity-based compensation activity. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP measure, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 (Unaudited) Net cash provided by operating activities 373,867 275,679 195,634 Purchases of equipment and other fixed assets (391,423) (203,308) (39,755) Free cash flow (17,556) 72,371 155,879 
 Free cash flow was negative 17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to positive 72.4 million and 155.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The reduction in free cash flow was primarily due to higher net cash provided by operating activities due to an increase in the source of cash for improved results from operations, offset by an increase in, and timing of, purchases of patient medical equipment for operating requirements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Critical Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements requires its management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company s management bases its estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. In addition, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
 Critical accounting policies and critical estimates are those that the Company s management considers the most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations because they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s critical accounting policies and critical estimates in relation to its consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable, and valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets. 
 56 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company generates revenues for services and related products that the Company provides to patients for home medical equipment, related supplies, and other items. The Company s revenues are recognized in the period in which services and related products are provided to customers and are recorded either at a point in time for the sale of supplies and disposables, or over the fixed monthly service period for equipment. 
 Revenues are recognized when control of the promised good or service is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to receive from patients or under reimbursement arrangements with Medicare, Medicaid and third-party payors, in exchange for those goods and services. 
 The Company determines the transaction price based on contractually agreed-upon amounts or rates, adjusted for estimates of variable consideration, such as implicit price concessions. The Company utilizes the expected value method to determine the amount of variable consideration that should be included to arrive at the transaction price, using contractual agreements and historical reimbursement experience within each payor type. The Company applies constraint to the transaction price, such that net revenue is recorded only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in the future. If actual amounts of consideration ultimately received differ from the Company s estimates, the Company adjusts these estimates, which would affect net revenue in the period such adjustments become known. 
 Sales revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenues for the sale of sleep therapy equipment supplies (including CPAP resupply products), durable medical equipment and related supplies (including wheelchairs, hospital beds and infusion pumps), diabetic medical devices and supplies (including continuous glucose monitors (CGM) and insulin pumps), and other HME products and supplies are recognized when control of the promised good or service is transferred to customers, which is generally upon shipment for direct to consumer medical devices and supplies and upon delivery to the home for durable medical equipment. 
 The Company provides certain equipment to patients which is reimbursed periodically in fixed monthly payments for as long as the patient is using the equipment and medical necessity continues (in certain cases, the fixed monthly payments are capped at a certain amount). The equipment provided to the patient is based upon medical necessity as documented by prescriptions and other documentation received from the patient s physician. The patient generally does not negotiate or select the manufacturer or model of the equipment prescribed by their physician and delivered by the Company. Once initial delivery of this equipment is made to the patient for initial setup, a monthly billing process is established based on the initial setup service date. The Company recognizes the fixed monthly revenue ratably over the service period as earned, less estimated adjustments, and defers revenue for the portion of the monthly bill that is unearned. No separate revenue is earned from the initial setup process. Included in fixed monthly revenue are unbilled amounts for which the revenue recognition criteria had been met as of period-end but were not yet billed to the payor. The estimate of net unbilled fixed monthly revenue recognized is based on historical trends and estimates of future collectability. 
 The Company s billing system contains payor-specific price tables that reflect the fee schedule amounts in effect or contractually agreed upon by various government and commercial insurance payors for each item of equipment or supply provided to a customer. Revenues are recorded based on the applicable fee schedule. The Company has established a contractual allowance to account for adjustments that result from differences between the payment amount received and the expected realizable amount. If the payment amount received differs from the net realizable amount, an adjustment is recorded to revenues in the period that these payment differences are determined. The Company reports revenues in its consolidated financial statements net of such adjustments. 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Due to the continuing changes in the healthcare industry and third-party reimbursement environment, certain estimates are required to record accounts receivable at their net realizable values. Inherent in these estimates is the risk that they will have to be revised or updated as additional information becomes available. The complexity of third-party billing arrangements and laws and regulations governing Medicare and Medicaid may result in adjustments to amounts originally recorded. 
 The Company performs a periodic analysis to review the valuation of accounts receivable and collectability of outstanding balances. Management s evaluation takes into consideration such factors as historical cash collections 
 57 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 experience, business and economic conditions, trends in healthcare coverage, other collection indicators and information about specific receivables. The Company s evaluation also considers the age and composition of the outstanding amounts in determining their estimated net realizable value. 
 Receivables are considered past due when not collected by established due dates. Specific patient balances are written off after collection efforts have been followed and the account has been determined to be uncollectible. Revisions in reserve estimates are recorded as an adjustment to net revenue in the period of revision. 
 Included in accounts receivable are earned but unbilled accounts receivables. Billing delays, ranging from several days to several weeks, can occur due to the Company s policy of compiling required payor specific documentation prior to billing for its services rendered. 
 Valuation of Goodwill 
 The Company has a significant amount of goodwill on its balance sheet that resulted from the business acquisitions the Company has made. Goodwill is not amortized and is assessed for impairment annually and upon the occurrence of a triggering event or change in circumstances indicating a possible impairment. Such changes in circumstance can include, among others, changes in the legal environment, reimbursement environment, operating performance, and/or future prospects. The Company performs its annual impairment assessment of goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year. The impairment assessment can be performed on either a quantitative or qualitative basis. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis. If determined necessary, the Company applies the quantitative impairment test to identify and measure the amount of impairment, if any. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors, such as estimates of a reporting unit's fair value and judgment about impairment triggering events. As a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company s long-lived assets, such as equipment and other fixed assets and definite-lived identifiable intangible assets, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 
 Definite-lived identifiable intangible assets consist of tradenames, payor contracts, contractual rental agreements and developed technology. These assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be consumed. These assets are assessed for impairment consistent with the Company s long-lived assets. The following table summarizes the useful lives of the identifiable intangible assets acquired: 
 Tradenames 5 to 10 years Payor contracts 10 years Contractual rental agreements 2 years Developed technology 5 years 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements that may be relevant to the Company s operations but have not yet been adopted are out lined in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (cc) Recentl y Issued Accounting Pronouncements, to its consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to loss contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its business that cover a wide range of matters. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 450, Accounting 
 58 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 for Contingencies , the Company records accruals for such loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. The Company reviews its accruals at least quarterly and adjusts accordingly to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. At this time, the Company has no material accruals related to lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings. While there can be no assurance, based on the Company s evaluation of information currently available, the Company s management believes any liability that may ultimately result from resolution of such loss contingencies will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial conditions or results of operations. However, the Company s assessment may be affected by limited information. Accordingly, the Company s assessment may change in the future based upon availability of new information and further developments in the proceedings of such matters. The results of legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and material adverse outcomes are possible. 
 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of PPS HME Holdings LLC ("PPS"), in May 2018, the Company assumed a Corporate Integrity Agreement ("CIA") at one of PPS subsidiaries, Braden Partners L.P. d/b/a Pacific Pulmonary Services (BP). The CIA was entered into with the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("OIG"). The CIA had a five-year term which expired as of April 2022. In connection with the acquisition and integration of PPS by AdaptHealth, the OIG confirmed that the requirements of the CIA imposed upon BP would only apply to the operations of BP and therefore no operations of any other AdaptHealth affiliate are subject to the requirements of the CIA following the acquisition. On December 16, 2021, the OIG notified PPS that its report for the period ended March 31, 2021 had been accepted and PPS had satisfied its obligations under the CIA as of such date. On May 24, 2022, the Company submitted its final report under the CIA for the period ended March 31, 2022. On January 12, 2023, the OIG notified PPS that its report for the period ended March 31, 2022 had been accepted and PPS had satisfied its obligations under the CIA as of such date. As a result, the OIG also advised PPS that it had complied with its obligations under the CIA and therefore the term of the CIA had concluded. 
 On July 25, 2017, AdaptHealth Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company AdaptHealth Holdings ), was served with a subpoena by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania EDPA pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3486 to produce certain audit records and internal communications regarding ventilator billing. The investigation focused on billing practices regarding one payor that contracted for bundled payments for certain ventilators. AdaptHealth Holdings has cooperated with investigators and, through agreement with the EDPA, has submitted all information requested in the Company's possession. An independent third party was retained by AdaptHealth Holdings that identified overpayments and underpayments for ventilator billings related to the payor, and a remittance was sent to reconcile that account. On October 3, 2019, the Company received a follow-up civil investigative demand from the EDPA regarding a document previously produced to the EDPA and patients included in the review by the independent third party. The Company has responded to the EDPA and supplemented its production as requested with any relevant documents in the Company s possession. During subsequent communications, the EDPA indicated to the Company that the investigation remained ongoing. The EDPA also requested additional information regarding certain patient services and claims refunds processed by the Company in 2017. The Company produced this information in coordination with the EDPA. The EDPA has also raised questions regarding other aspects of ventilator billing. While the Company cannot provide any assurance as to whether the EDPA will seek additional information or pursue this matter further, it does not believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 In March 2019, prior to its acquisition by the Company, AeroCare was served with a civil investigative demand (CID) issued by the United States Attorney for the Western District of Kentucky ("WDKY"). The CID seeks to investigate allegations that AeroCare improperly billed, or caused others to improperly bill, for oxygen tank contents that were not delivered to beneficiaries. The WDKY has requested documents related to such oxygen tank content billing as well as other categories of information. AeroCare has cooperated with the WDKY and has produced documents and provided explanations of its billing practices. In September 2020, the WDKY indicated the investigation includes alleged violations of the federal False Claims Act and as well as alleged violations of state Medicaid false claims acts in ten states. AeroCare has cooperated fully with the investigation and has indicated to the WDKY that concerns raised do not accurately identify Medicare coverage criteria and that state Medicaid coverage requirements generally do not provide for separate reimbursement for portable gaseous oxygen contents in the circumstances at issue. While the Company cannot provide any assurance as to whether the WDKY will seek additional information or pursue this matter further, it does not believe that the investigation will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 On July 29, 2021, Robert Charles Faille Jr., a purported shareholder of the Company, filed a purported class action complaint against the Company and certain of its current and former officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (the Complaint ). The Complaint purports to be asserted on behalf of a class of persons 
 59 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 who purchased the Company s stock between November 11, 2019 and July 16, 2021. The Complaint generally alleges that the Company and certain of its current and former officers violated federal securities laws by making allegedly false and misleading statements and/or failing to disclose material information regarding the Company s organic growth trajectory. The Complaint seeks unspecified damages. On October 14, 2021, the Delaware County Employees Retirement System and the Bucks County Employees Retirement System were named Lead Plaintiffs. Pursuant to the scheduling order, Lead Plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint on November 22, 2021 (the Consolidated Complaint ), which asserts substantially the same claim, but adds a number of current and former directors of the Company as additional defendants and a new theory of recovery based on the Company s alleged failure to disclose information concerning the Company s former Co-CEO s alleged tax fraud arising from certain past private activity (the Consolidated Class Action ). On January 20, 2022, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint. Lead Plaintiffs opposition to defendants motion was filed on March 21, 2022, and defendants reply was filed on April 15, 2022. On June 9, 2022, the court issued an opinion and order denying the defendants motion to dismiss the Consolidated Complaint. 
 
 On July 15, 2022, the court entered a scheduling order providing for, inter alia, a schedule for completing class certification discovery, as well as setting a briefing schedule for motions for class certification. Pursuant to the scheduling order, Lead Plaintiffs filed their motion for class certification on July 28, 2022. On December 12, 2022, the court entered an amended scheduling order with respect to class certification discovery and remaining briefing on Lead Plaintiffs motion for class certification. Pursuant to the amended scheduling order, the defendants opposition to Lead Plaintiffs motion for class certification is due to be filed on March 30, 2023; and Lead Plaintiffs reply is due to be filed on May 22, 2023. 
 The Company intends to vigorously defend against the allegations contained in the Consolidated Complaint, but there can be no assurance that the defense will be successful. 
 On December 6, 2021, a putative shareholder of the Company, Carol Hessler, filed a shareholder derivative complaint against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (the Derivative Complaint ). The Derivative Complaint generally alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties owed to the Company by allegedly causing or allowing misrepresentations and/or omissions regarding the Company s organic growth and the Company s former Co-CEO s alleged criminal activity, failing to maintain an adequate system of oversight, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting and due diligence into the Company s management team, and engaging in insider trading. The Derivative Complaint also alleges claims for waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment. Finally, the Derivative Complaint alleges that certain of the individual defendants violated Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act by allegedly negligently issuing, causing to be issued, and participating in the issuance of materially misleading statements to stockholders in the Company s Proxy Statements on Schedule DEF 14A in connection with a Special Meeting of Stockholders, held on March 3, 2021, and the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, held on July 27, 2021. The Derivative Complaint seeks, among other things, an award of money damages. 
 On March 4, 2022, the parties stipulated to stay the Hessler action pending final resolution of the Consolidated Class Action. On March 7, 2022, the court so-ordered the parties stipulation. 
 The Company intends to vigorously defend against the allegations contained in the Derivative Complaint, but there can be no assurance that the defense will be successful. 
 On May 2, 2022, the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York issued a civil investigative demand to a subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3733 ("FCA") surrounding whether the subsidiary submitted false claims in violation of the FCA related to its billing of, and reimbursements from, federal health care programs for ventilators provided to patients from January 1, 2015 to the present. The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation. Given the investigation is in the early stages, it is not possible to determine whether it will have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk relates to fluctuations in interest rates from borrowings under the 2021 Credit Facility. Our interest accrued on our debt borrowings is based on a variable rate which is tied to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin and therefore is exposed to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, there was 765.0 million outstanding under the 2021 Term Loan, 17.4 million outstanding under letters of credit, and additional availability under the 2021 Revolver, net of letters of credit outstanding, was 432.6 million. 
 60 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 Number 
 Consolidated Financial Statements AdaptHealth Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the years e nded December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 
 
 62 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 AdaptHealth Corp: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AdaptHealth Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Implicit Price Concession 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenues for services and related products that the Company provides to patients and receives payments from Medicare, Medicaid, third-party, and patient payors. The Company s net revenue was 2,970.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenues are recorded using payor-specific transaction prices based on amounts in effect or contractually agreed by Medicare, Medicaid, third-party and patient payors, and are adjusted for estimated implicit price concessions, to reflect the net revenues which the Company expects to receive. The Company utilizes historical reimbursement experience to determine the estimated implicit price concessions. 
 63 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 We identified the evaluation of the implicit price concession estimate as a critical audit matter. Complex and subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the relevance and reliability of the historical reimbursement experience. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls over the Company s implicit price concession estimate. To evaluate the relevance and reliability of historical reimbursement experience in the Company's implicit price concession estimate, we: 
 
 compared the implicit price concession estimate recorded in the prior year to actual results to evaluate the Company s ability to estimate 
 
 assessed current year trends in reimbursement rates, to identify any circumstances or conditions that were relevant to the determination of the current year implicit price concession estimate 
 
 tested the relevance and reliability of the underlying data that served as a basis for the implicit price concession estimate which included the historical reimbursement experience by selecting certain historical payments and agreeing to underlying support 
 
 evaluated the Company s historical reimbursement experience on net revenues recorded during the current year. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 
 64 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 AdaptHealth Corp.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited AdaptHealth Corp. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses related to an insufficient complement of resources to complete risk assessment which resulted in a lack of implementation and ineffectiveness of both process level controls in substantially all processes and the general information technology controls that support the financial statements and reporting has been identified and included in management s assessment. The material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 65 

Ta bl e of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Equipment and other fixed assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets, net Other assets Deferred tax assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease obligations Current portion of finance lease obligations Contract liabilities Other liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Operating lease obligations, less current portion Finance lease obligations, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Warrant liability Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 Stockholders' Equity: Common Stock, par value of per share, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectfully, 
 Preferred Stock, par value of per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost shares as of December 31, 2022) 
 ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders' equity attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net revenue Grant income Costs and expenses: Cost of net revenue General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation Total costs and expenses Operating income Interest expense, net Change in fair value of warrant liability (note 11) ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability (note 11) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Other loss (income), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic net income (loss) per share (note 12) 
 ) Diluted net income (loss) per share (note 12) 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Interest rate swap agreements, inclusive of reclassification adjustment, net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands) 

 Common Stock Class B Common Stock Preferred Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31 2019 ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock for acquisitions Exchange of Class B Common Stock for Class A Common Stock ) ) ) Exchange of Class B Common Stock for cash ) ) ) Forfeiture of Class B Common Stock ) Exercise of warrants Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants Equity-based compensation Exchange of Class A Common Stock for Series B-1 Preferred Stock ) ) Sale of Class A Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, net of offering costs of 
 Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of offering costs of 
 Conversion of Series B-2 Preferred Stock to Series B-1 Preferred Stock ) Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to Class A Common Stock ) Conversion of Series B-1 Preferred Stock to Class A Common Stock ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock in connection with Contingent Consideration Common Shares Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Class A Common Stock issued in connection with employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) ) Equity activity resulting from Tax Receivable Agreement Equity activity resulting from other increases in AdaptHealth Corp.'s ownership in AdaptHealth Holdings ) ) Equity impact resulting from the Put/Call Agreement ) ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swaps, inclusive of reclassification adjustment ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock for acquisitions Issuance of Series C-1 Preferred Stock for acquisitions Issuance of stock options for acquisitions Exchange of Class B Common Stock for Class A Common Stock ) ) ) ) Exercise of warrants Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants Exercise of options Cashless exercise of stock options 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Common Stock Class B Common Stock Preferred Stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Equity-based compensation Issuance of Class A Common Stock, net of offering costs of 
 Conversion of Series B-1 Preferred Stock to Class A Common Stock ) Conversion of Series C-1 Preferred Stock to Class A Common Stock ) ) Issuance of Common Stock in connection with Contingent Consideration Common Shares Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Common Stock issued in connection with employee stock purchase plan Net income Equity activity resulting from the Tax Receivable Agreement Change in fair value of interest rate swaps, inclusive of reclassification adjustment Payments for tax withholdings from equity-based compensation and stock option exercises ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of stock options Tax withholdings from restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises ) ) Shares purchased under share repurchase program ) ) ) Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants Common Stock issued in connection with employee stock purchase plan Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Deferred tax impact relating to contingent consideration common shares ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swaps, inclusive of reclassification adjustment, net of tax Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization, including patient equipment depreciation Equity-based compensation Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability ) Reduction in the carrying amount of operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swaps, net of reclassification adjustment ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Write-off of deferred financing costs Loss on extinguishment of debt from prepayment penalty Other ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid and other assets ) ) Operating lease obligations ) ) Operating liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of equipment and other fixed assets ) ) ) Payments for cost method investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings on long-term debt and lines of credit Repayments on long-term debt and lines of credit ) ) ) Repayments of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Payments for shares purchased under share repurchase program ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Proceeds received in connection with employee stock purchase plan Payments for tax withholdings from equity-based compensation and stock option exercises ) ) ) Payments of contingent consideration and deferred purchase price from acquisitions ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of senior unsecured notes Proceeds from the issuance of Class A Common Stock Payments for equity issuance costs ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Payments for debt prepayment penalties ) Proceeds from the sale of Class A Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock Proceeds from the exercise of warrants Exchange of Class B Common Stock for cash ) Payment for exercise of call option relating to the Put/Call Agreement ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Equipment acquired under finance lease obligations Unpaid equipment and other fixed asset purchases at end of period Assets subject to operating lease obligations Operating lease obligations ) ) Write-off of assets subject to operating lease obligations ) Write-off of operating lease obligations Equity consideration issued in connection with acquisitions Contingent purchase price in connection with acquisitions Deferred purchase price in connection with acquisitions 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(1) 

(2) 

billion in non-convertible debt in the prior three-year period as of that date, and as a result is no longer exempt from the reporting requirements discussed above. 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Government Patient pay Net revenue 
 The composition of net revenue by core service lines for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales revenue: Sleep Diabetes Supplies to the home Respiratory HME Other Total net sales revenue Net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements: Sleep Diabetes Respiratory HME Other Total net revenue from fixed monthly equipment reimbursements Total net revenue: Sleep Diabetes Supplies to the home Respiratory HME Other Total net revenue 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(e) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s unbilled accounts receivable was million and million, respectively. 
 (f) 
 
 million, and subsequent to April 2020, the Company completed several acquisitions in which the acquired companies received a total of million of PRF payments prior to the applicable dates of acquisition. In connection with the accounting for these acquisitions, the Company recorded assumed liabilities of million relating to the PRF payments received by the acquired companies. The PRF payments were targeted to offset lost revenue and expenditures incurred in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. The PRF payments are subject to certain restrictions and are subject to recoupment if not used for designated purposes. As a condition to receiving distributions, providers were required to agree to certain terms and conditions, including, among other things, that the funds would be used for lost revenues and unreimbursed COVID-19 related expenses as defined by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). All recipients of PRF payments were required to comply with the reporting requirements described in the terms and conditions and as determined by HHS. The Company recognizes grant payments as income when there is reasonable assurance that it has complied with the conditions associated with the grant. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized grant income of million and million, respectively, related to the PRF payments determined to comply with conditions associated with the grant. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million, which were made available by CMS under the CARES Act. In addition, in connection with an acquisition completed in July 2020, the Company assumed a liability of million relating to CMS recoupable advance payments received by the acquired company prior to the date of acquisition. The recoupment of the advance payments by CMS began in April 2021 and were applied to services provided and revenue recognized during the period in which the recoupment occurred, which impacted the Company s cash receipts for services provided during the period in which the amounts were recouped. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was recouped by or repaid to CMS. As of December 31, 2022, the CMS advance payments have been recouped by or repaid to CMS in full and there is no liability to CMS for these amounts as of such date. 
 
 Deferral of Employment Tax Payments . As permitted under the CARES Act, the Company elected to defer certain portions of employer-paid FICA taxes otherwise payable from March 27, 2020 to January 1, 2021. In total, the Company deferred million under this provision, and paid million on January 4, 2022 and million on December 14, 2022. There are no further amounts due under this provision as of December 31, 2022. 
 The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments and numerous evolving factors that it may not be able to accurately predict, and could be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. 
 (g) 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (h) 
 
 Senior unsecured notes 
 The borrowings under the Company s secured term loan, which was entered into in January 2021, bears interest at the variable rates described in Note 10, Debt , which management believes approximates fair value. The fair value of the Company s senior unsecured notes is based upon current market prices. 
 (i) 
 
 Money market accounts Total 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(k) 
 months years 
 Vehicles years Other years 
 
 (l) 
 
 to years 
 Payor contracts years Contractual rental agreements years Developed technology years 
 The Company did t incur any impairment charges on long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In addition to consideration of impairment upon the events or changes in circumstances described above, management regularly evaluates the remaining lives of its long-lived assets. 
 (m) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(n) 
 
 (o) 
 
 (p) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 82 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (q) 
 
 (r) 
 million, million and million, respectively, and are included in Cost of net revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 (s) 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Salaries, labor and benefits Patient equipment depreciation Rent and occupancy Other operating expenses Equity-based compensation Total 
 (u) 
 Included in G A during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are salaries, labor and benefits expenses (including equity-based compensation and severance) of million, million and million, respectively. 
 (v) 
 
 (w) 
 of the Company s net accounts receivable are from patients under co-pay or private plan arrangements. 
 (x) 
 , and of its net revenue from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(y) 
 
 (z) 
 
 (aa) 
 (bb) 
 
 (cc) 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(3) 
 of the equity interests of providers of HME and acquired certain assets of the home medical equipment businesses of providers of HME. 
 Deferred payments Total 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Equipment and other fixed assets Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Deferred tax assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Contract liabilities ) Net assets acquired 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid net cash of million relating to working capital adjustments associated with businesses that were acquired during 2021, which was recorded as an increase to goodwill. 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 On February 1, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of AeroCare Holdings, Inc. (AeroCare). AeroCare is a leading national technology-enabled respiratory and home medical equipment distribution platform in the United States and offers a comprehensive suite of direct-to-patient equipment and services including CPAP and BiPAP machines, oxygen concentrators, home ventilators, and other home medical equipment products. The total consideration paid consisted of (i) cash payments of billion, (ii) the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, (iii) the issuance of shares of the Company s Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and (iv) the issuance of fully vested options to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock in the future, which had a weighted-average exercise price of per share and a weighted-average remaining exercise period of approximately years from the date of closing. Refer to Note 11, Stockholders Equity , for additional discussion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued in connection with the acquisition of AeroCare. 
 On April 30, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Spiro Health Services, LLC (Spiro). Spiro is a provider of home medical equipment and supplies. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million, the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and a potential contingent consideration payment of up to million, which was determined to be the fair value at the acquisition date and such amount was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. 
 On June 1, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Healthy Living Medical Supply, LLC (Healthy Living). Healthy Living is a provider of continuous glucose monitors and insulin pumps. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million and the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Agilis Med Holdings, LLC (Agilis). Agilis is an e-commerce retailer of sleep apnea and respiratory equipment in the United States. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million, the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and a potential contingent consideration payment of up to million, which was determined to be the fair value at the acquisition date and such amount was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. In October 2020, the Company acquired a minority interest in Agilis, which was being accounted for under the equity method of accounting prior to the July 2021 transaction. The carrying value of such investment was 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million at the July 2021 transaction date. The fair value of the equity method investment was million at the July 2021 transaction date. In connection with the accounting for the July 2021 transaction, the Company recorded goodwill of million and eliminated the carrying value of the equity method investment of million and recorded a gain on equity method of investment of million, which is included in Other loss (income), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 On July 1, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of WeCare Medical, LLC (WeCare). WeCare is a distributor of durable medical equipment and supplies in the United States. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million and the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 On December 30, 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Community Surgical Supply of Toms River, LLC (Community Surgical Supply). Community Surgical Supply is a supply company that provides oxygen, respiratory therapy services, infusion therapy services, and home medical equipment to its customers throughout the northeastern United States. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million and a potential contingent consideration payment of up to million. The Company determined that the potential contingent payment had an acquisition date fair value of million, which was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. 
 In addition, during 2021, the Company acquired of the equity interests of certain providers of home medical equipment and distributors of diabetes management products and supplies, and acquired certain assets of the durable medical equipment businesses of certain providers of home medical equipment. The total consideration paid for these acquisitions consisted of cash payments of million, the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and deferred payment liabilities of million. 
 Equity Contingent consideration Deferred payments Total 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Equipment and other fixed assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Identifiable intangible assets Other assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Operating lease obligations ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Finance lease obligations ) ) ) ) Net assets acquired 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received net cash of million relating to working capital adjustments associated with businesses that were acquired during 2020, which was recorded as a decrease to goodwill. 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 On January 2, 2020, the Company purchased of the equity interests of the Patient Care Solutions business (PCS), which was a subsidiary of McKesson Corporation. PCS is a home medical equipment supplies business. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million. 
 On March 2, 2020, the Company purchased certain assets of the durable medical equipment business of Advanced Home Care, Inc. (Advanced). The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million. The acquisition also included a potential contingent payment of up to million. The Company determined that the potential contingent payment had an acquisition date fair value of million which was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. 
 On July 1, 2020, the Company acquired of the equity interests in Solara Medical Supplies, LLC (Solara). Solara is an independent distributor of continuous glucose monitors (CGM) in the United States and offers a comprehensive suite of direct-to-patient diabetes management supplies to patients throughout the country, including CGMs, insulin pumps and other diabetic supplies. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million and the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. The acquisition also included a potential contingent payment based on certain conditions after closing, which was determined to have an acquisition date fair value of million, which was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 of the equity interests of ActivStyle, Inc. (ActivStyle). ActivStyle is a leading direct-to-consumer supply company that provides incontinence and urology products to patients throughout the United States. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million. 
 On October 1, 2020, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Pinnacle Medical Solutions, Inc. (Pinnacle). Pinnacle is a distributor of insulin pumps, insulin pump supplies, continuous glucose monitoring systems and diabetes test strips in the United States. The total consideration paid consisted of a cash payment of million and the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. The acquisition also included a potential contingent payment of up to million, which was determined to have an acquisition date fair value of million, which was recorded as a contingent consideration liability in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting. 
 In addition, during 2020, the Company acquired of the equity interests of certain other providers of home medical equipment and distributors of diabetes management products and supplies, and acquired certain assets of the durable medical equipment businesses of certain providers of home medical equipment. The total consideration paid for these acquisitions consisted of cash payments of million, the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, and deferred payment liabilities of less than million. Certain of the acquisitions also included potential contingent consideration payments of up to million in the aggregate, which was determined to have an acquisition date fair value of million, which was recorded as contingent consideration liabilities in connection with the Company s acquisition accounting for such acquisitions. 
 Equity Contingent consideration Deferred payments Total 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Equipment and other fixed assets Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Contract liabilities ) ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Finance lease obligations ) ) Net assets acquired 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Operating income 
 
 (4) 
 Delivery vehicles Other Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded depreciation expense of million, million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company removed from service million, million and million of fully depreciated patient medical equipment, respectively. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Goodwill from acquisitions Net cash receipts relating to prior acquisitions ) Net reductions relating to measurement period adjustments ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill from acquisitions Net cash payments relating to prior acquisitions Net increase relating to measurement period adjustments Balance at December 31, 2022 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 record a goodwill impairment charge during the three months ended March 31, 2022. No such triggering events were identified during the remainder of 2022. The Company did record a goodwill impairment charge during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. If the Company were to experience a decline in its market capitalization for a sustained period of time, the Company may be required to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment at an interim or annual period and could be required to recognize a non-cash goodwill impairment charge at that time, which could be material. 
 As discussed in Note 3, Acquisitions , during 2022, the Company paid net cash of million relating to working capital adjustments associated with businesses that were acquired during 2021 which were recorded as an increase to goodwill during the period . The net increase of million during 2022 in the table above relates to measurement period adjustments attributed to businesses that were acquired by the Company during 2021, primarily related to the Community acquisition. Based on available information obtained by the Company during 2022, the Company recorded certain adjustments to the acquisition accounting for Community, resulting in a decrease to accounts receivable of million, a decrease to equipment and other fixed assets of million, an increase to other current liabilities of million, and a decrease to accounts payable and accrued expenses of million, with a corresponding increase to goodwill of million. 
 As discussed in Note 3, Acquisitions , during 2021, the Company received net cash of million relating to working capital adjustments associated with businesses that were acquired during 2020 which were recorded as a decrease to goodwill during the period. The net reductions of million during 2021 in the table above relates to measurement period adjustments attributed to businesses that were acquired by the Company during 2020, primarily related to the Solara acquisition. Based on available information obtained by the Company during 2021, the Company recorded certain adjustments to the acquisition accounting for Solara, resulting in an increase to accounts receivable of million and an increase to accounts payable and accrued expenses of million, with a corresponding decrease to goodwill of million. 
 Identifiable intangible assets that are separable and have determinable useful lives are valued separately and amortized over the period which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be consumed. 
 
 Payor contracts, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Contractual rental agreements, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Developed technology, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Identifiable intangible assets, net 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Payor contracts, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Contractual rental agreements, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Developed technology, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Identifiable intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets, which is included in Depreciation and amortization, excluding patient equipment depreciation, in the accompanying statements of operations, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The Company recorded impairment charges related to identifiable intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (6) 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Interest rate swap agreements-long term Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Acquisition-related contingent consideration-short term Warrant liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Assets Money market accounts Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Acquisition-related contingent consideration-short term Acquisition-related contingent consideration-long term Interest rate swap agreements-short term Interest rate swap agreements-long term Warrant liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company uses interest rate swap agreements to manage interest rate risk by converting a portion of its variable rate borrowings to a fixed rate and recognizes these derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The valuation of these derivative instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The fair value of the Company s 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million were included in Other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2021, contingent consideration liabilities of million and million were included in Other liabilities and Other long-term liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 ) Year Ended December 31 2021 Beginning Balance Additions Payments Change in Fair Value Other activity Ending Balance Contingent consideration - Level 3 liabilities ) ) 
 Warrant Liability 
 The warrant liability represents the estimated fair value of the Company s outstanding private warrants. The fair value of the private warrants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Refer to Note 11, Stockholders Equity , for additional discussion of the warrant liability. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Identifiable intangible assets, net (Level 3) 
 The fair value allocation related to the Company s acquisitions are determined using a discounted cash flow approach, or a replacement cost approach, which are based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). These valuation methods required management to make various assumptions, including, but not limited to, future profitability, cash flows, replacement costs, and discount rates. The Company s estimates are based upon historical trends, management s knowledge and experience and overall economic factors, including projections of future earnings potential. 
 Developing discounted future cash flows in applying the income approach requires the Company to evaluate its intermediate to longer-term strategies, including, but not limited to, estimates of revenue growth, operating margins, capital requirements, inflation and working capital management. The development of appropriate rates to discount the estimated future cash flows requires the selection of risk premiums, which can materially impact the present value of future cash flows. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets using discounted cash flow techniques that included an estimate of future cash flows, consistent with overall cash flow projections used to determine the purchase price paid to acquire the business, discounted at a rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the cash flows. The Company estimated the fair value of certain acquired identifiable intangible assets based on the cost approach using estimated costs consistent with historical experience. The Company believes the estimates and assumptions used in the valuation methods are reasonable. 
 
 (7) 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding interest rate derivatives with third parties in which the Company pays a fixed interest rate and receives a rate equal to the one-month LIBOR. The notional amount associated with interest rate swap agreements that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and have maturity dates in February 2023 and March 2024. In April 2022, the Company entered into additional forward-dated interest rate swap agreements with third parties in which the Company will pay a fixed interest rate and receive a rate equal to the one month-LIBOR. The purpose of these forward-dated interest rate swap agreements is to ensure that the Company operates within its derivatives policy by maintaining a total notional amount of million under the Company s outstanding interest rate swap agreements through the maturity date of the Company s current credit agreement. A portion of the forward-dated interest rate swap agreements became effective on February 16, 2023 and a portion will become effective in March 2024. The forward-dated interest rate swap agreements will mature in January 2026. The Company has designated its swaps as effective cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders equity and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 Other assets Other liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total ) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the effect of cash flow hedge accounting, the Company recognized a gain, net of tax, of million in Other comprehensive income (loss) . In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, million was reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as a reduction to Interest expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of the effect of cash flow hedge accounting, the Company recognized a gain of million in Other comprehensive income (loss). In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, million was reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as a reduction to Interest expense, net, in the accompanying 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million in Other comprehensive income (loss). In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, million was reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as a reduction to Interest expense, net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 (8) 
 Capitalized fees Amortization ) ) Write-off due to debt refinancing ) Balance at end of period 
 Amortization expense relating to deferred financing costs was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in Interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The write-off of deferred financing costs is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 million is estimated to be amortized to interest expense, net as follows (in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 (9) 
 Employee-related accruals Accrued interest Other Total 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (10) 
 Senior unsecured notes Unamortized deferred financing fees ) ) Current portion ) ) Long-term portion 
 Interest expense related to long-term debt agreements, including amortization of deferred financing costs and payments made or received under the Company s interest rate swap agreements, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 On January 20, 2021, the Company refinanced its then existing debt borrowings and entered into a new credit agreement with its existing bank group, which was amended in April 2021 (the 2021 Credit Agreement). The 2021 Credit Agreement included borrowings of million under a secured term loan (the 2021 Term Loan), and million in commitments for revolving credit loans (the 2021 Revolver). The 2021 Revolver has a million letter of credit sublimit. The 2021 Term Loan and the 2021 Revolver both have maturities in January 2026. Borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan were used in part to partially finance the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of AeroCare, to repay amounts outstanding under the Company s then existing credit agreement of million plus accrued interest, to repay amounts outstanding under revolving credit loans under the 2021 Credit Agreement which were borrowed prior to the April 2021 amendment, and to pay related fees and expenses. Amounts borrowed under the 2021 Credit Agreement bear interest quarterly at variable rates based upon the sum of (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate (subject to a zero percent floor) equal to the LIBOR (as defined) for the applicable interest period multiplied by the statutory reserve rate, plus (b) an applicable margin (as defined) ranging from to per annum based on the Consolidated Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined). The 2021 Revolver carries a commitment fee during the term of the 2021 Credit Agreement ranging from to per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the 2021 Revolver based on the Consolidated Senior Secured Leverage Ratio. On August 16, 2021, the Company amended the 2021 Credit Agreement to expressly permit the issuance of the Senior Notes (see discussion below) and the prepayment of the outstanding principal amount under a then existing promissory note with the proceeds of the Senior Notes. In connection with the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company paid financing costs of million. Further, in connection with executing the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million consisting of the write off of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the Company s then existing credit agreement and other lender fees, which is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Under the 2021 Credit Agreement, the Company is subject to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose operating and financial restrictions on the Company. Financial covenants include a Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio and a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, both as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement. The 2021 Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, including, among other things, failure to make payments when due thereunder, failure to observe or perform certain covenants, cross-defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency-related events, and non-compliance with healthcare laws. Any borrowing under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be repaid, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty, other than customary breakage costs, and any amounts repaid under the 2021 Revolver may be reborrowed. Mandatory prepayments are required under the 2021 Revolver when borrowings and letter of credit usage exceed the total commitments for revolving credit loans. Mandatory prepayments are also required in connection with the disposition of assets to the extent not reinvested, unpermitted debt transactions, and excess cash flow, as defined, if certain leverage tests are not met. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million term loan (the 2020 Term Loan) and million in commitments for revolving credit loans (the 2020 Revolver). The borrowings under the 2020 Term Loan bore interest quarterly at variable rates based upon the sum of (a) the Adjusted LIBOR Rate (subject to a floor) equal to the LIBOR (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement) for the applicable interest period, plus (b) an applicable margin ranging from to per annum based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2020 Credit Agreement). The 2020 Revolver carried a commitment fee during the term of the 2020 Credit Agreement ranging from to per annum of the average daily undrawn portion of the 2020 Revolver based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio. In connection with the 2020 Credit Agreement, the Company paid financing costs of million. As discussed above, in January 2021, the Company refinanced its debt borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement. A portion of the net proceeds from such refinancing was used to repay existing amounts outstanding under the 2020 Credit Agreement of million plus accrued interest. Further, in connection with executing the 2020 Credit Agreement, the Company wrote off unamortized deferred financing costs of million, which is included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Secured Term Loan 
 The borrowings under the 2021 Term Loan require quarterly principal repayments of million during June 30, 2021 through March 31, 2023, increasing to million beginning June 30, 2023 through December 31, 2025, and the unpaid principal balance is due at maturity in January 2026. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, outstanding under the 2021 Term Loan. The interest rate under the 2021 Term Loan was at December 31, 2022. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowings under the 2021 Revolver, and there was outstanding under the 2021 Revolver at December 31, 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed million under the 2021 Revolver. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company borrowed million under the 2021 Revolver, which was repaid in full during 2021. Borrowings under the 2021 Revolver may be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including for capital expenditures and acquisitions permitted under the 2021 Credit Agreement. At December 31, 2022, after consideration of stand-by letters of credit outstanding of million, the remaining maximum borrowings available pursuant to the 2021 Revolver was million. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On August 19, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes will mature on March 1, 2030. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable on March 1st and September 1st of each year, beginning on March 1, 2022. The Senior Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after March 1, 2025, and the redemption price for the Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) March 1, 2025 is , (ii) March 1, 2026 is , (iii) March 1, 2027 and thereafter is , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may also redeem some or all of the Senior Notes before March 1, 2025 at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes before March 1, 2025 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, the Company may be required to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. Borrowings under the Senior Notes were used to repay existing amounts outstanding under the 2021 Revolver, to prepay the outstanding principal amount under a then existing promissory note (see discussion below), and to pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company paid financing costs of million. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2029. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on August 1, 2021. The Senior Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after February 1, 2024, and the redemption price for the Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) February 1, 2024 is , (ii) February 1, 2025 is , (iii) February 1, 2026 and thereafter is , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may also redeem some or all of the Senior Notes before February 1, 2024 at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes before February 1, 2024 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, the Company may be required to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. Borrowings under the Senior Notes were used to partially finance the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of AeroCare, and to pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes, the Company paid financing costs of million. 
 On July 29, 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes). The Senior Notes will mature on August 1, 2028. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable on February 1st and August 1st of each year, beginning on February 1, 2021. The Senior Notes will be redeemable at the Company s option, in whole or in part, at any time on or after August 1, 2023, and the redemption price for the Senior Notes if redeemed during the 12 months beginning (i) August 1, 2023 is , (ii) August 1, 2024 is , (iii) August 1, 2025 is and (iv) August 1, 2026 and thereafter is , in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest. The Company may also redeem some or all of the Senior Notes before August 1, 2023 at a redemption price of of the principal amount of the Senior Notes , plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the Company may redeem up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes before August 1, 2023 with the proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Furthermore, the Company may be required to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes upon the sale of certain assets or upon specific kinds of changes of control. Borrowings under the Senior Notes were used to partially finance the cash portion of the purchase price for an acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the Senior Notes, the Company paid financing costs of million. 
 Note Payable 
 In March 2019, the Company entered into a Note and Unit Purchase Agreement with an investor. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued a promissory note with a principal amount of million (the Promissory Note). In November 2019, the Promissory Note was replaced with a new amended and restated promissory note with a principal amount of million, and the investor converted certain of its members interests to a million promissory note. The new million promissory note, together with the million promissory note, are collectively referred to herein as the New Promissory Note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding principal balance of million under the New Promissory Note. In connection with such repayment, the Company paid debt prepayment penalties of million, reflecting the previously disclosed prepayment penalty plus an incremental amount negotiated as part of the repayment transactions. In addition, the Company wrote off million of unamortized deferred financing costs. The prepayment penalties and the write-off of the unamortized deferred financing costs are included in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The outstanding principal balance under the New Promissory Note bore interest at a rate of . 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 share of Class B Common Stock, a Consideration Unit) held by the investor at the time. Pursuant to the Put/Call Agreement, which was amended in October 2020, during the period from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 (the Option Period), the investor could require the Company to purchase up to shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Consideration Units held by the investor (such shares of Class A Common Stock and Consideration Units, collectively, Interests) at a price per share of Class A Common Stock or per Consideration Unit equal to the greater of (x) and (y) of the 30-day volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the date the exercise notice is delivered. During the Option Period, the Company could also require the investor to sell up to of the Interests held by the investor to the Company at a price per share of Class A Common Stock or per Consideration Unit of . In addition, under the Put/Call Agreement, the investor waived certain consent rights under the New Promissory Note. In connection with the accounting for the Put/Call Agreement, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a decrease to Additional paid-in capital of million, representing the settlement amount of the related call option, and classified such amount as mezzanine equity. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a decrease to Additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit of million, representing the estimated net fair value of the related call and put option. In December 2020, the Company exercised its call option and purchased shares of Class A Common Stock from the investor for million, which was recorded as a decrease to Additional paid-in capital during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total debt maturity 
 
 (11) 
 of the combined company with the remaining owned by the former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings in the form of common units representing limited liability company interests in AdaptHealth Holdings from and after the closing of the Business Combination (New AdaptHealth Units). The former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings held New AdaptHealth Units and a corresponding number of non-economic Class B Common stock, which enabled the holder to vote per share, and were exchangeable on a -to-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock. Subsequent to the Business Combination, all of the common unit interests of AdaptHealth Holdings and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock were exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock, of which the final of the exchanges occurred on January 1, 2021. As a result, the prior holders of the common unit interests of AdaptHealth Holdings no longer own a direct noncontrolling 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit). 
 The Company filed its Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation) on July 28, 2021. Among other things, the Certificate of Incorporation (x) increased the authorized number of shares of Common Stock from shares of Common Stock to shares of Common Stock and (y) (i) deleted provisions no longer applicable following the exchange of all outstanding New AdaptHealth Units and shares of Class B Common Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) renamed the Company s Class A Common Stock to Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share. The shares of Preferred Stock (see below) shall be issued with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 
 Common Stock 
 In January 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share pursuant to an underwritten public offering (the 2021 Stock Offering) for gross proceeds of million. In connection with 2021 Stock Offering, the Company received proceeds of million which is net of the underwriting discount. A portion of the proceeds from the 2021 Stock Offering were used to partially finance the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of AeroCare, and to pay related fees and expenses. In connection with the 2021 Stock Offering, the Company paid offering costs, inclusive of the underwriting discount, of million. 
 In July 2020, the Company received gross proceeds of million in connection with the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to a private placement transaction. In addition, in July 2020, the Company received gross proceeds of million in connection with the sale of shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock pursuant to a private placement transaction. The proceeds from these transactions were used to partially fund an acquisition. In connection with these transactions, the Company paid offering costs of million. In September 2020, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. In addition, in September 2020, the shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock (see below for a discussion of the Company s outstanding Series B-1 Preferred Stock). 
 In July 2020, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share pursuant to an underwritten public offering and received gross proceeds of million. In connection with this transaction, the Company paid offering costs, inclusive of the underwriting discount, of million. 
 Preferred Stock 
 In June 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with an investor pursuant to which the investor exchanged shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock for shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, par value per share. The Series B-1 Preferred Stock liquidation preference is limited to its par value of per share. The Series B-1 Preferred Stock will participate equally and ratably on an as-converted basis with the holders of Common Stock in all cash dividends paid on the Common Stock. The Series B-1 Preferred Stock is non-voting. The holder may convert each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock (subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments) at its election, except to the extent that following such conversion, the number of shares of Common Stock held by such holder and its affiliates exceed of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock were converted into and shares of Common Stock, respectively. There were such conversions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As discussed in Note 3, Acquisitions , the Company issued shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of AeroCare. The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock liquidation preference was limited to its par value of per share. The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock participated equally and ratably on 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 shares of Common Stock (subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments). The Company elected to effect a mandatory conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and the conversion of shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock to shares of Common Stock occurred on March 18, 2021. 
 Treasury Stock 
 The Company's board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to million of the Company's Common Stock through December 31, 2023 (the Share Repurchase Program). The timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased will depend upon market conditions and other factors. Shares of the Company's Common Stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Purchases of the Company's Common Stock may be started or stopped at any time without prior notice depending on market conditions and other factors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased shares of the Company's Common Stock for million under the Share Repurchase Program, which is reflected in Treasury Stock in the accompanying consolidated statements of stockholders' equity (deficit). 
 Warrants 
 At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company had warrants outstanding. Each warrant is exercisable into share of Common Stock at a price of per share. The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for the issuance of common stock at a price below its exercise price. During the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants were exercised in cashless transactions resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants were exercised in a cashless transaction resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, warrants were exercised in cashless transactions resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock, which included the redemption of Public Warrants (see below). In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, warrants were exercised for cash proceeds of million, resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had warrants outstanding, which have an expiration date of November 20, 2024. 
 The Company classifies its warrants as a liability in its consolidated balance sheets because of certain terms included in the corresponding warrant agreement. The estimated fair value of the warrants is recorded as a liability, with such fair value reclassified to stockholders equity upon the exercise of such warrants. Prior to exercise, the change in the estimated fair value of such warrants each period is recognized as a non-cash charge or gain in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Change in estimated fair value of the warrant liability Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants ) Estimated fair value of warrant liability at December 31, 2020 Change in estimated fair value of the warrant liability ) Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants ) Estimated fair value of warrant liability at December 31, 2021 Change in estimated fair value of the warrant liability ) Reclassification of warrant liability to equity for exercised warrants ) Estimated fair value of warrant liability at December 31, 2022 
 Redemption of Public Warrants 
 On August 4, 2020, the Company announced its intention to redeem all of its outstanding public warrants (the Public Warrants) to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, that were issued under the Warrant Agreement, dated February 15, 2018 (the Warrant Agreement), by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent), as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering (the IPO), for a redemption price of per Public Warrant (the Redemption Price), that remained outstanding on September 2, 2020 (the Redemption Date). Warrants to purchase common stock that were issued under the Warrant Agreement in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO and still held by the initial holders thereof or their permitted transferees were not subject to this redemption. 
 Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, the Company was entitled to redeem all of the outstanding Public Warrants if the last sales price of the Company s Class A Common Stock was at least per share on each of trading days within any thirty -day trading period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which a notice of redemption is given. At the direction of the Company, the Warrant Agent delivered a notice of redemption to each of the registered holders of the outstanding Public Warrants. 
 In addition, in accordance with the Warrant Agreement, the Company elected to require that, upon delivery of the notice of redemption, all Public Warrants were to be exercised only on a cashless basis. Accordingly, holders were no longer able to exercise Public Warrants and receive common stock in exchange for payment in cash of the per warrant exercise price. Instead, a holder exercising a Public Warrant was deemed to pay the per warrant exercise price by the surrender of of a share of common stock (such fraction determined as described below) that such holder would have been entitled to receive upon a cash exercise of a Public Warrant. Accordingly, by virtue of the cashless exercise of the Public Warrants, exercising warrant holders received of a share of common Stock for each Public Warrant surrendered for exercise. Any Public Warrants that remained unexercised on the Redemption Date were voided and no longer exercisable, and the holders will have no rights with respect to those Public Warrants, except to receive the Redemption Price. 
 The number of shares of Class A Common Stock that each exercising warrant holder received by virtue of the cashless exercise (instead of paying the per Public Warrant cash exercise price) was calculated in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement and was equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares underlying the Public Warrants held by such warrant holder, multiplied by the difference between , the average last sale price of the Company s Class A Common Stock for the ten trading days ending on July 29, 2020, the third trading day prior to the date of the redemption notice (the Fair Market Value) and , by (y) the Fair Market Value. If any holder of Public Warrants would, after taking into account all of such holder s Public Warrants exercised at one time, be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of common stock, the number of shares the holder was entitled to 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Public Warrants were redeemed resulting in the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of these transactions, there are no Public Warrants outstanding. 
 Contingent Consideration Common Shares 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings who received Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock in connection with the Business Combination were entitled to receive earn-out consideration to be paid in the form of Common Stock, if the average price of the Company s Common Stock for the month of December prior to each measurement date equaled or exceeded certain hurdles set forth in the Merger Agreement (Contingent Consideration Common Shares). The former owners of AdaptHealth Holdings were entitled to receive shares of Common Stock on each of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 based on an average stock price hurdle of , and , respectively, during the applicable measurement period. The average stock price hurdle was achieved for the applicable measurement periods as of the December 31, 2021 and 2020 measurement dates, which triggered the issuance of shares of Common Stock on such dates. The average stock price hurdle was not achieved for the applicable measurement period as of the December 31, 2022 measurement date; as such shares of Common Stock were issued on such date. 
 The Contingent Consideration Common Shares would have been issued immediately in the event of a change of control as defined in the Merger Agreement. The estimated fair value of the Contingent Consideration Common Shares was recorded as a liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, with such fair value reclassified to stockholders equity upon the issuance of any shares that were earned. Prior to issuance, the change in the estimated fair value of such shares each period was recognized as a non-cash charge or gain in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability using a Monte-Carlo simulation analysis. A Monte-Carlo simulation is a tool used to project asset prices based on a widely accepted drift calculation, the volatility of the asset, incremental time-steps and a random component known as a Weiner process that introduces the dynamic behavior in the asset price. In this framework, asset prices follow a log-normal distribution as they fluctuate through time, which the simulation process captures. A specific model can be developed around the projected stock price to capture the effects of any market performance conditions on value. Price path specific conditions can be captured in this type of open form model. The Monte-Carlo process expresses potential future scenarios that when simulated thousands of times can be viewed statistically to ascertain fair value. The contingent consideration common shares contain market conditions to determine whether the shares are earned based on the Company s Common Stock price during specified measurement periods. Given the path-dependent nature of the requirement in which the shares are earned, a Monte-Carlo simulation was used to estimate the fair value of the liability. The Company s Common Stock price was simulated to each measurement period based on the methodology described above. In each iteration, the simulated stock price was compared to the conditions under which the shares are earned. In iterations where the stock price corresponded to shares being earned, the future value of the earned shares was discounted back to present value. The fair value of the liability was estimated based on the average of all iterations of the simulation. 
 
 As discussed above, on each of December 31, 2021 and 2020, shares of Common Stock were issued in connection with the portion of the Contingent Consideration Common Shares which were earned as of such dates. As a result, the estimated fair value related to such shares was reclassified to stockholders equity in the periods in which they were earned, with such shares reflected as issued and outstanding Common Stock. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the estimated fair value related to the remaining Contingent Consideration Common Shares was reclassified to stockholders equity at December 31, 2021. Since the fair value of these shares was reclassified to stockholders equity on December 31, 2021, these shares were no longer liability classified as of such date and therefore the changes in the estimated fair value of such shares were not recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations subsequent to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset of million in connection with the accounting for the Contingent Consideration Common Shares. As discussed above, the estimated fair value related to the unearned Contingent Consideration Common Shares was reclassified to stockholders equity as of December 31, 2021 and was settled without share issuance as of December 31, 2022 . Correspondingly, the Company reversed the million deferred tax asset for the Contingent Consideration Common Shares through a reduction to Additional-paid-in capital during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Change in estimated fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability Reclassification of contingent consideration common shares liability to equity ) Estimated fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability at December 31, 2020 Change in estimated fair value of the contingent consideration common shares liability ) Reclassification of contingent consideration common shares liability to equity ) Estimated fair value of contingent consideration common shares liability at December 31, 2021 
 Equity-based Compensation 
 In connection with the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan), the Company provides equity-based compensation to attract and retain employees while also aligning employees interest with the interests of its stockholders. The 2019 Plan permits the grant of various equity-based awards to selected employees and non-employee directors. At December 31, 2022, the 2019 Plan permits the grant of up to shares of Common Stock, subject to certain adjustments and limitations. At December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s Common Stock were available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 In January 2021, the Company granted options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock to certain senior executives of the Company. The options vest ratably over a period from the date of grant based on a service condition and have a contractual exercise period of from the date of grant. The total grant-date fair value of the options granted, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, was million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the options from this grant were forfeited as a result of the resignation of the Company s former Co-CEO (see discussion below). 
 In November 2019, the Company granted options to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company to certain senior management employees that have an exercise price of per share and a contractual exercise period of from the date of grant. The grant-date fair value of the awards, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, was million. In April 2020, the Company granted options to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company to an employee that had an exercise price of per share. The grant-date fair value of the awards, using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, was million. The vesting conditions relating to the total options included a defined performance condition with a measurement period during the year ended December 31, 2020 which was satisfied, and also a service condition. In June 2021, in connection with the resignation of the Company s former Co-CEO (see discussion below), the Company accelerated the vesting of options. In connection with the accelerated vesting, the Company recognized million of equity-based compensation expense, which is included in General and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Of the total options granted, , and options vested on December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. In addition, options were forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily relating to the resignation of the Company s former Co-CEO. 
 On April 13, 2021, the Company placed its then Co-Chief Executive Officer, Luke McGee, on unpaid leave while a matter relating to his past private activity was pending. On April 20, 2021, the Company s board of directors unanimously approved the formation of a Special Committee of Board members to conduct a full investigation of Mr. McGee s alleged personal conduct. In addition, the Company s board of directors also approved the retention of an independent law firm to assist the Special Committee in facilitating the investigation. Mr. McGee had no role in, and was entirely recused from, the investigation. On June 11, 2021, the independent law firm reported to the Special Committee that the investigation was substantially complete and that they could state with a high degree of confidence that the Company 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Risk-free interest rate Expected term years years Dividend yield N/A N/A 
 Granted Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Activity - none Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Years 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Granted Outstanding, December 31, 2020 Granted Issued in connection with the AeroCare acquisition Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Exercised ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Years 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were exercised resulting in million of cash proceeds received by the Company and the issuance of shares of the Company's Common Stock. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were exercised in cashless transactions resulting in the issuance of shares of the Company's Common Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, stock options were exercised resulting in million of cash proceeds received by the Company. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, stock options were exercised in cashless transactions resulting in the issuance of shares of Common Stock. There were stock option exercises during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Vested Exercisable, December 31, 2020 Issued in connection with the AeroCare acquisition Vested Exercised ) Exercisable, December 31, 2021 Vested Exercised ) Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Years 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Granted Vested ) Unexercisable, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unexercisable, December 31, 2021 Vested ) Unexercisable, December 31, 2022 Years 
 Restricted Stock 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted the following shares of restricted stock: 
 shares to various employees which vest ratably over the three or periods following the vesting commencement date (which is generally the grant date), subject to the employees continuous employment through the applicable vesting date, and, if applicable, subject to certain performance conditions. The grant-date fair value of these awards was million. 
 shares to its non-employee directors, which vest following the grant date. The grant-date fair value of these awards was million. 
 shares of performance-vested restricted stock units (Performance RSUs) to senior executive management of the Company which will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date subject to the achievement of specified goals relative to the Company s relative total shareholder return (Relative TSR) performance versus the Company s defined peer group (the Peer Group), and is also subject to the employees continuous employment through the vesting date. The grant-date fair value of these awards, using a Monte-Carlo simulation analysis, was million. The payout of shares on the vesting date are as follows based on the Company s Relative TSR versus the Peer Group (for performance between the stated goals noted below, straight-line interpolation will be applied): 
 Less than 25th Percentile payout 
 Greater than or equal to 25th Percentile of Performance RSUs 
 Equal to 50th Percentile of Performance RSUs 
 Greater than or equal to 75th Percentile of Performance RSUs 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted the following shares of restricted stock: 
 shares to various employees which vest ratably over the three or periods following the vesting commencement date (which is generally the grant date), subject to the employees continuous 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million. 
 shares to various employees and non-employee directors which vest ratably over the period following the grant dates. The grant-date fair value of these awards was million. 
 fully vested shares of Common Stock to various employees which had a grant-date fair value of million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the resignation of the Company s former Co-CEO, the Company accelerated the vesting of shares of restricted stock that were granted in November 2019, and the remaining unvested shares from the November 2019 grant were forfeited. In connection with the accelerated vesting of the shares, the Company recorded million of equity-based compensation expense, which is included in General and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company granted the following shares of restricted stock: 
 shares to various employees which primarily vest ratably over the three or periods following the vesting commencement date (which is generally the grant date), subject to the employees continuous employment through the applicable vesting date, and if applicable, subject to certain performance conditions. The grant-date fair value of these awards was million. Of the total shares granted, shares were granted to an employee in connection with an acquisition, of which shares were eligible to vest based on certain performance conditions, and the remaining shares were scheduled to vest annually on December 31, 2020 through 2023, all of which were subject to the employee's continuous employment through the applicable vesting date. During 2020, the employee terminated from the Company, and at the termination date shares vested pursuant to the terms of the original grant agreement and the Company accelerated the vesting of an additional shares, and the remaining shares were forfeited. The Company recorded equity-compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2020 in connection with the vested shares, including the shares in which vesting was accelerated. 
 shares to various non-employee directors which vest ratably over the period following the grant date. The grant-date fair value of these awards was million. 
 fully vested shares of Common Stock to various employees which had a grant-date fair value of million. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested balance, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested balance, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested balance, December 31, 2022 
 Incentive Units 
 AdaptHealth Holdings granted Incentive Units in June 2019 (the 2019 Incentive Units) to certain members of management. The 2019 Incentive Units were intended to constitute profits interests and were granted for purposes of enabling such individuals to participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company and were issued in exchange for services to be performed. The grant date fair value of the 2019 Incentive Units, as calculated under an Option Pricing Method, was million. With respect to the 2019 Incentive Units, of the awards were scheduled to vest in equal annual installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date as defined in the agreements (May 20, 2019). The first of this portion of the 2019 Incentive Units vested in May 2020, and in January 2021, the vesting of the remaining unvested units associated with this portion of the 2019 Incentive Units was accelerated. The Company recorded million of equity-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with such acceleration. The remaining of the awards had initial vesting terms based upon a performance condition. In connection with the Business Combination, the vesting condition for this portion of the 2019 Incentive Units was changed to vest quarterly during the period subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination, and as such all of the units associated with this portion of the 2019 Incentive Units were fully vested in November 2020. 
 Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
 The Company recorded equity-based compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which million and million is included in General and administrative expenses and Cost of net revenue, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized a million reduction to income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation. The Company recorded equity-based compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, of which million and million is included in General and administrative expenses and Cost of net revenue, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized a million reduction to income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation. The Company recorded equity-based compensation expense of million 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million and million is included in General and administrative expenses and Cost of net revenue, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized a million reduction to income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 as a result of excess tax benefits associated with equity-based compensation. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to equity-based compensation awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 (12) 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 ) Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities (1) 
 Net income (loss) for basic EPS ) Change in fair value of warrant liability (2) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) for diluted EPS ) Denominator (1) (2) 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Add: Warrants (2) 
 Add: Stock options Add: Unvested restricted stock Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic net income (loss) per share ) Diluted net income (loss) per share ) 
 (1) The Company's preferred stock are considered participating securities. Computation of EPS under the two-class method excludes from the numerator any dividends paid or owed on participating securities and any undistributed earnings considered to be attributable to participating securities. The related participating securities are similarly excluded from the denominator. There was no amount allocated to the participating securities during the year ended December 31, 2020 due to the net loss reported in that period. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the impact to earnings from the change in fair value of the Company s warrant liability is excluded from the numerator, and the corresponding security is included in the denominator, for purposes of computing diluted net income per share. This adjustment is included as the effect of the numerator and denominator adjustments for this derivative instrument is dilutive as a result of the non-cash gains recorded for the change in fair value of this instrument during those periods. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the numerator and denominator for the diluted net loss per share computation is the same as used in the basic net loss per share computation and therefore excludes the effect of potential dilutive securities as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Due to the Company reporting a net loss attributable to AdaptHealth Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2020, all potentially dilutive securities related to outstanding warrants, contingent consideration common shares, unvested restricted stock, and outstanding stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for that period as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Warrants Stock Options Unvested restricted stock Contingent Consideration Common Shares Total 
 
 (13) 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Finance lease ROU assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Finance lease ROU assets Equipment and other fixed assets, net Total ROU assets Operating lease liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease obligations Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Operating lease obligations, less current portion Total operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities: Current finance lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease obligations Noncurrent finance lease liabilities Finance lease obligations, less current portion Noncurrent finance lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total finance lease liabilities 
 The following table presents information about lease costs and expenses and sublease income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). The amounts below are included in cost of net revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating lease costs Finance lease costs: Amortization of ROU assets Other lease costs and income: Variable leases costs (1) 
 Sublease income Short-term lease costs 
 (1) Amounts represent variable costs incurred that were not included in the initial measurement of the lease liability such as common area maintenance and utilities costs associated with leased real estate. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 years years Finance leases years year Weighted average discount rate, weighted based on remaining balance of lease payments: Operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future undiscounted leases payments Less: amount representing interest ) ) Present value of future lease payments (lease liability) 
 Financing cash payments for finance leases Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 (14) 
 exceptions: the AeroCare Holdings, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust (the AeroCare Plan) and the RH Plan. The 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million million, and million respectively, related to the AdaptHealth Plan. The Company recorded an immaterial amount of matching contribution expense for the RH Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (15) 
 in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020, and aggregate losses that exceed the greater of the calculated aggregate stop loss threshold or the minimum aggregate stop loss threshold. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased workers compensation stop loss insurance which has occurrence-based limits that vary by state based on statutory rules. The Company is subject to an aggregate annual limit. Self-insurance reserves include estimates of both known claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The Company uses historical paid claims information to estimate its claims liability. The liability for self-insurance reserves was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This liability is included within Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 (16) 
 of PPS subsidiaries, Braden Partners L.P. d/b/a Pacific Pulmonary Services (BP). The CIA was entered into with the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (OIG). The CIA had a term which expired in April 2022. In connection with the acquisition and integration of PPS by AdaptHealth, the OIG confirmed that the requirements of the CIA imposed upon BP would only apply to the operations of BP and therefore no operations of any other AdaptHealth affiliate are subject to the requirements of the CIA following the acquisition. On December 16, 2021, the OIG notified PPS that its report for the period ended March 31, 2021 had been accepted and PPS had satisfied its obligations under the CIA as of such date. On May 24, 2022, the Company submitted its final report under the CIA for the period ended March 31, 2022. On January 12, 2023, the OIG notified PPS that its report for the period ended March 31, 2022 had been accepted and PPS had satisfied its obligations under the CIA as of such date. As a result, the OIG also advised PPS that it had complied with its obligations under the CIA and therefore the term of the CIA had concluded. 
 On July 25, 2017, AdaptHealth Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (AdaptHealth Holdings), was served with a subpoena by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 119 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(17) 
 . The expense related to this vendor was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company accounts for this investment under the cost method of accounting based on its level of equity ownership. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an immaterial outstanding accounts payable balance to this vendor. 
 A director of the Company serves on the board of directors of a third-party payor that does business with the Company in the normal course of providing services to patients. Net revenue from this third-party payor was less than of the Company s consolidated net revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an immaterial outstanding accounts receivable balance from this third-party payor. 
 A director of the Company is an employee of a beneficial owner of more than of the Company s Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. This beneficial owner is also a minority shareholder of a vendor that provides equipment and supplies to the Company in the normal course of business. Purchases from this vendor were approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Purchases from this vendor for the year ended December 31, 2020 were immaterial. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in outstanding accounts payable to this vendor. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had an immaterial outstanding accounts payable balance to this vendor. 
 A regional manager of the Company is a shareholder of a business which provides contract labor to the Company. Payments to this service provider were million, million, and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in outstanding accounts 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(18)) State Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) ) Total Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Equity-based compensation ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Deferred tax only adjustment ) Deferred tax impact of state effective tax rate changes Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Goodwill and intangible assets Investment in partnership Inventory Accruals Net operating losses and credits Transaction costs Contract liabilities Equity-based compensation Excess business interest expense Lease liability Contingent consideration Capital losses Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Contingent consideration ) Unrealized gains ) Equipment and other fixed assets ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Noncurrent net deferred income tax assets 
 
 Deferred income taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement book basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities and projected future taxable income in making this assessment. Management evaluates the need for valuation allowances on the deferred income tax assets according to the provisions of FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes . In making this determination, management assesses all available evidence, both positive and negative, available at the time balance sheet date. This includes, but is not limited to, recent earnings, internally prepared income projections, and historical financial performance. A history of cumulative losses is a significant piece of negative evidence used in the assessment. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets of million, and million, respectively. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million and million, respectively and state NOLs of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest expense carryforwards of million, which may be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had interest expense carryforwards. Federal NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 do not expire and state rules vary. Of the Company s total federal NOLs, million were acquired as part of the acquisition of Pinnacle and begin expiring in 2031, million were acquired as part of the acquisition of AeroCare and may be carried forward indefinitely, and million are historical AdaptHealth NOLs which may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company believes (i) approximately million of acquired Pinnacle NOLs will expire before utilization and (ii) million of the Company s historical NOLs are fully limited as a result of ownership changes within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 382 (Section 382) prior to December 31, 2021 and has accordingly maintained a valuation allowance against these NOL deferred tax assets. The Company is evaluating whether a Section 382 ownership change has occurred during 2022. There was no impact, however, to current or deferred tax expense resulting from this potential ownership change. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had capital loss carryforwards of million that are subject to expiration if unused as of December 31, 2025. The Company does not anticipate utilizing these carryforwards prior to expiration and has maintained a valuation allowance accordingly. 
 The Company will recognize a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management s assessment is that the position is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term tax position refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. 
 Additions for tax positions acquired Balance, December 31, 2020 Additions for tax positions acquired Balance, December 31, 2021 Additions for tax positions acquired Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 The unrecognized tax benefit of million at December 31, 2022 relates to tax positions taken in pre-closing tax periods of companies acquired in 2021 and 2020, for which the Company received tax indemnifications against any losses. As such, the Company recognized a corresponding asset on its consolidated balance sheet and no amount of the Company s uncertain tax positions, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s accrued liability for interest and penalties is million and million, respectively. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state jurisdictions. The Company generally is no longer subject to U.S. or state examinations by tax authorities for taxable years prior to 2018, based on the U.S. statute of limitations. However, net operating losses utilized from prior years in subsequent years tax returns are subject to examination until three years after the filing of subsequent years tax returns. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 New AdaptHealth Units resulting in approximately million of amortizable IRC Section 754 tax basis step-up in the tax-deductible goodwill of AdaptHealth Holdings. Subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination and through December 31, 2021, there were an additional exchanges of New AdaptHealth Units that increased the amortizable IRC Section 754 tax basis step-up of tax-deductible goodwill by approximately million, of which million and million was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Of these exchanges, and occurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company and AdaptHealth Holdings entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement (TRA) with certain sellers and AdaptHealth Holdings members. The TRA will generally provide for the payment by the Company to the corresponding sellers and AdaptHealth Holdings members of of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination as a result of: (i) certain tax attributes of the corresponding sellers existing prior to the Business Combination; (ii) certain increases in tax basis resulting from exchanges of New AdaptHealth Units and shares of Class B Common Stock; (iii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of payments it makes under the TRA; and (iv) certain increases in tax basis resulting from payments the Company makes under the TRA. Under the TRA, the benefits deemed realized by the Company as a result of the increase in tax basis attributable to the AdaptHealth Holdings members generally will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the Company to the amount of such taxes that the Company would have been required to pay had there been no so increase in tax basis. 
 Estimating the amount of payments that may be made under the TRA depends on a variety of factors. The actual increase in tax basis and deductions, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon several factors, including: 
 The timing of such exchanges for instance, the increase in any tax deductions will vary depending on the fair value of the depreciable or amortizable assets of AdaptHealth Holdings at the time of each exchange; 
 The price of the Company s Common Stock at the time of the exchange the increase in any tax deductions, and the tax basis increase in other assets of AdaptHealth Holdings is directly proportional to the price of the Company s Common Stock at the time of the exchange; 
 The amount and timing of the Company s income the Company is required to pay of the deemed benefits as and when deemed realized. If AdaptHealth Holdings does not have taxable income, the Company is generally not required (absent a change in control or circumstances requiring an early termination payment) to make payments under the TRA for that taxable year because no benefit will have been realized. However, any tax benefits that do not result in realized benefits in a given tax year likely will generate tax attributes that may be utilized to generate benefits in previous or future tax years. The utilization of such tax attributes will result in payments under the TRA; and 
 Future tax rates of jurisdictions in which the Company has tax liability. 
 The TRA also provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, AdaptHealth Holdings (or its successor s) obligations under the TRA would be based on certain assumptions defined in the TRA. As a result of these assumptions, AdaptHealth could be required to make payments under the TRA that are greater or less than the specified percentage of the actual benefits realized by the Company that are subject to the TRA. In addition, if AdaptHealth Holdings elects to terminate the TRA early, it would be required to make an early termination payment, which upfront payment may be made significantly in advance of the anticipated future tax benefits. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 ADAPTHEALTH CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 million and million, respectively, through a reduction in additional-paid-in capital, resulting from additional exchanges of New AdaptHealth Units and shares of Class B Common Stock. Correspondingly, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company increased its deferred tax asset by million and million, respectively, through an increase in Additional-paid-in-capital resulting from these exchanges. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s liability relating to the TRA was million, of which million and million is included in Other liabilities and Other long-term liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2021, the Company's liability relating to the TRA was million, which is included in Other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized income of million related to changes in the estimated TRA liability primarily as a result of a decrease in estimated effective tax rates in future years, which is included in Other loss (income), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 (19) 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, during the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as further described below in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 As previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting relating to an insufficient complement of resources resulting in an ineffective risk assessment. Our ineffective risk assessment resulted in material weaknesses from both lack of implementation and ineffectiveness of process level controls in substantially all processes that support our financial statements and reporting. The ineffective risk assessment also resulted in ineffective general information technology controls due to an incomplete understanding of the risks associated with information technology systems relevant to our financial reporting processes. 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment, we have concluded that the Company continues to have material weaknesses related to an insufficient complement of resources to complete risk assessment which resulted in a lack of implementation and ineffectiveness of both process level controls in substantially all processes and the general information technology controls that support our financial statements and reporting. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

The material weaknesses did not result in any identified misstatements to the financial statements and there were no changes to previously released financial results. Based on these material weaknesses, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has expressed an adverse report on the operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. KPMG LLP's report appears on page 65 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financing Reporting 
 With respect to the material weaknesses identified in 2021, management has taken steps during 2022 to remediate such material weaknesses, including (1) establishing an executive steering committee to monitor the remediation of the material weaknesses identified, (2) expanding the number of executive management and third-party consultants throughout 2022 with expertise in process mapping and internal controls; (3) completing an entity wide risk assessment including process mapping for each of the Company s business cycles to identify relevant process risk points, service and sub-service organizations, information technology systems and information used in the operation of controls, (4) identifying manual and automated controls responsive to the process risk points for a majority of these processes, and (5) implementing an enterprise resource planning system in the first quarter of 2022 which facilitates improved review of the Company s business processes and review and approval of journal entries. While management has completed the risk assessment to identify controls, the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the enhanced controls have been fully implemented and determined to be operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except with respect to the changes in connection with the implementation of the initiatives to remediate the material weaknesses noted above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 Financial Statements. The following is a list of the Consolidated Financial Statements of AdaptHealth Corp. and its subsidiaries included in Item 8 of Part II of this report. 
 Page 
 Number 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Auditor Firm ID: 185) 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Incom e) Loss For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) For the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 
 
 (b) Exhibits. The exhibits filed as a part of this report as required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Index to Exhibits starting on page 131 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018). 
 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018). 
 4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018). 
 4.4 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020). 
 4.5 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2020, by and among the Company, OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC, Deerfield Partners, L.P., Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. and the other persons listed on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020). 
 4.6 Amendment to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2020, by and among the Company, AdaptHealth Holdings LLC and the other persons listed on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 7, 2020). 
 4.7 Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2020, by and among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of January 4, 2021, by and among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 8, 2021). 
 4.9 Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2021). 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated January 20, 2021, by and between AdaptHealth LLC, the lenders party thereto and Regions Bank, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021). 
 10.2 First Incremental Facility Amendment dated as of April 23, 2021 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors named therein, Regions Bank as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021). 
 10.3 Second Amendment dated as of August 16, 2021 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2021, among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors named therein, Regions Bank as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 20, 2021). 
 10.4 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated November 8, 2019, by and among AdaptHealth Holdings, the Company and the Non-Blocker AdaptHealth Members and the Blocker Sellers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2019, by and between AdaptHealth Holdings and Joshua Parnes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 10.7 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2020, by and between the Company and Jason Clemens (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 22, 2020). 
 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, by and between Stephen Griggs and AdaptHealth Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021). 
 10.9 Employment Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, by and between the Company and Shaw Rietkerk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021). 
 10.10 Employment and Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2013, by and between Aerocare Holdings, Inc. and Daniel C. Bunting (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 
 10.11 Employment and Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2014, by and between Aerocare Holdings, Inc. and Albert Prast (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 
 10.12 Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021). 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Agreement under the AdaptHealth Corp. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 10.14 Form of Option Grant Notice and Agreement under the AdaptHealth Corp. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2019). 
 10.15 AdaptHealth Corp. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on January 22, 2020). 
 10.16 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2018, among the Company, Deerfield/RAB Ventures, LLC, Richard Barasch, Christopher Wolfe, Steven Hochberg, Dr. Mohit Kaushal, Dr. Gregory Sorensen and Dr. Susan Weaver (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018). 
 10.17 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated February 15, 2018, between the Registrant and Deerfield/RAB Ventures, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018). 
 10.18 Investment Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2020, by and among the Company, OEP AHCO Investment Holdings, LLC and, solely for purposes of Section 3.10, One Equity Partners VII, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020). 
 10.19 Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and between AdaptHealth Corp. and Deerfield Private Design Fund IV, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020). 
 10.20 Investment Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and between AdaptHealth Corp. and Deerfield Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020). 
 10.21 Consent Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, among AdaptHealth LLC, the guarantors named therein, Regions Bank as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on the signature page hereof). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 _____________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 28, 2023. 
 AdaptHealth Corp. By: /s/ Stephen P. Griggs Stephen P. Griggs Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stephen P. Griggs and Christopher Joyce, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on February 28, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 
 Signature Title By: /s/ Stephen P. Griggs Chief Executive Officer and Director Stephen P. Griggs Principal Executive Officer 
 By: /s/ Jason Clemens Chief Financial Officer Jason Clemens Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 By: /s/ Richard Barasch Chairman of the Board Richard Barasch By: /s/ Joshua Parnes President and Director Joshua Parnes By: /s/ Terence Connors Director Terence Connors By: /s/ Dr. Susan Weaver Director Dr. Susan Weaver By: /s/ Dale Wolf Director Dale Wolf By: /s/ Bradley Coppens Director Bradley Coppens By: /s/ David S. Williams III Director David S. Williams III By: /s/ Theodore S. Lundberg Director Theodore S. Lundberg By: /s/ Gregory A. Belinfanti Director Gregory A. Belinfanti 
 135 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ahco-2022x12x31xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 The Company s principal subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 are listed below. All other subsidiaries of the Company, if considered in the aggregate as a single affiliate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. ABC Medical, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Absolute Respiratory Care, LLC RHODE ISLAND Access Medical, LLC MICHIGAN Accucare Medical Equipment, LLC OKLAHOMA ActivStyle Holding Company DELAWARE ActivStyle, LLC MINNESOTA AdaptHealth - Missouri LLC MISSOURI AdaptHealth Holdings LLC DELAWARE AdaptHealth Intermediate HoldCo LLC DELAWARE AdaptHealth LLC DELAWARE AdaptHealth Minnesota LLC MINNESOTA AdaptHealth New England LLC DELAWARE AdaptHealth Patient Care Solutions LLC PENNSYLVANIA Admeco, Inc. FLORIDA Advocate Medical Services, LLC FLORIDA AeroCare Employee Benefits, Inc. FLORIDA Aerocare Express Medical, LLC DELAWARE Aerocare Holdings LLC DELAWARE Aerocare Home Medical Equipment, Inc. TEXAS Aerocare Home Medical Equipment, Inc. (MO) MISSOURI Aerocare Home Medical, Inc. TEXAS Aerocare Pharmacy, Inc. TEXAS Aerocare, Inc. NEVADA Agile Medical LLC PENNSYLVANIA Agilis Med Holdings LLC DELAWARE AirCare Home Medical, Inc. KENTUCKY AirCare Home Respiratory, LLC CALIFORNIA Airway Oxygen, Inc. MICHIGAN All American Home Aid, LLC MASSACHUSETTS All American Medical Services, Inc. FLORIDA All American Oxygen, Inc. KENTUCKY Allcare, Inc. COLORADO Alternative Care Providers LLC MASSACHUSETTS American Ancillaries, Inc. NEVADA American Home Medical, Inc. FLORIDA 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. American Preferred Home Medical, L.L.C. TEXAS America's Health Care at Home, LLC DELAWARE Americoast Maryland LLC DELAWARE Ameri-Quipt of North Carolina, Inc. NORTH CAROLINA Atlantic Medical Supply, Inc. FLORIDA Atlantic Medical, Inc. VIRGINIA Austin Respiratory Equipment, Inc. FLORIDA Beacon Respiratory Services of Georgia, Inc. DELAWARE Beacon Respiratory Services, Inc. DELAWARE Bennett Medical Services LLC NEVADA BestMED Respiratory, Inc. IOWA BHS, Inc. KENTUCKY Bird & Bear Medical, Inc. ARKANSAS BJ's Wheelchair Service, Inc. TEXAS Bluegrass Oxygen, Inc. KENTUCKY B-Pharm, Inc. MISSOURI Braden Partners, L.P. CALIFORNIA Brannons Rentals and Sales, Inc. CALIFORNIA Bradley DME LLC TENNESSEE Breathe Grace Medical Supply, LLC MARYLAND Buffalo Wheelchair, Inc. NEW YORK BuypapUSA.com, Inc. OREGON Cair Respiratory Services LLC MARYLAND Cape Medical Supply, LLC MASSACHUSETTS Care Plus Oxygen, Inc. PENNSYLVANIA Carmichaels Home Medical Equipment, Inc. GEORGIA Champlain Valley Brace and Limb, L.L.C. NEW YORK Charlotte Respiratory Solutions, Inc. NORTH CAROLINA Choice Medical Health Care, LLC ILLINOIS Choice Respiratory & Medical Equipment, Inc. VIRGINIA Clay Home Medical, Inc. VIRGINIA Clearview Medical Incorporated TEXAS Community Medical Supply, Inc. IOWA Community Surgical of Toms River LLC DELAWARE Cornerstone Medical Services -- Midwest, LLC OHIO Cornerstone Medical Services of Columbus, LLC OHIO CPAPSUPPLY.COM, Inc. TEXAS CressCare Medical, Inc. PENNSYLVANIA Desert Ridge Rehabilitation & Health Center, LLC ARIZONA Desloge Home Oxygen and Medical Equipment, Inc. FLORIDA 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. Diabetes Management & Supplies LLC LOUISIANA Diabetes Medical Supply Center of the Midlands NEBRASKA Dream Care of Virginia, LLC VIRGINIA DSCM Holdco Inc NEBRASKA Edge Medical Supply, LLC TEXAS Ellis Home Oxygen & Medical Equipment, Inc. VIRGINIA Express Medical Supply, LTD TEXAS Family Home Medical Supply LLC PENNSYLVANIA Family Medical Supply LLC NORTH CAROLINA First Choice In-HomeCare, Inc. VIRGINIA First Choice Medical Equipment, Inc. ILLINOIS Fletchers Medical Supplies Inc FLORIDA Florida Home Care, Inc. FLORIDA Florida Home Medical Supply, LLC FLORIDA Freedom Respiratory, Inc. VIRGINIA Georgia Home Medical - Columbus, Inc. GEORGIA Georgia Home Medical, Inc. GEORGIA GME Medical Supply, Inc. VIRGINIA Gould s Discount Medical, LLC KENTUCKY Grace Healthcare DME, Inc. MISSISSIPPI Grace Healthcare Incorporated LOUISIANA Grace Healthcare Internet Sales, Inc. MISSISSIPPI Grace Healthcare Medical, Inc. MISSISSIPPI Grace Healthcare, Inc. MISSISSIPPI Grace Medical Equipment, Inc. ALABAMA Grace Medical, Inc. FLORIDA Guardian Medical Inc. FLORIDA Halprin, Incorporated NEW YORK Health Complex Medical, LLC CONNECTICUT Health Products Plus, Inc. GEORGIA Healthline Medical Equipment, LLC TEXAS Healthy Living Medical Supply, LLC MICHIGAN Heartland Medical Equipment, Inc. MISSOURI Home Care Medical, Inc. WISCONSIN Home Medical Express, Inc. ILLINOIS Home Medical Products and Services LLC WISCONSIN Home Mediservice, LLC MARYLAND Home Nursing Care, Inc. VIRGINIA Home Respiratory Solution's, Inc. FLORIDA Hometown Respiratory Consultants, Inc. TENNESSEE 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. Hub's Home Oxygen & Medical Supplies, Inc. PENNSYLVANIA Huey s Home Medical, LLC DELAWARE Hurst Medical Equipment, Inc. WEST VIRGINIA IV Care, LLC MISSOURI J.M.R. Medical, LLC DELAWARE Keene Medical Products LLC NEW HAMPSHIRE Kentucky Medical Supply, Inc. KENTUCKY Lamar, LLC FLORIDA LCM Medical, Inc. FLORIDA LCP Solara Blocker Corp DELAWARE Legacy Home Medical, LLC UTAH Legacy Medical, LLC OHIO Lehigh Valley Respiratory Care - Lancaster, Inc. PENNSYLVANIA LifeHME, Inc. SOUTH CAROLINA Loftis Home Medical, LLC NORTH CAROLINA Lookout Medical Services, Inc. TENNESSEE Louisville O2, Inc. KENTUCKY Lovell Medical Supply, Inc. NORTH CAROLINA M. Davis Management, Inc. FLORIDA M.A.R.Y. Medical, LLC CALIFORNIA Madison County Medical Equipment, Inc. IOWA Major Medical Supply of Brighton, LLC COLORADO Major Medical Supply of Colorado Springs, LLC COLORADO Major Medical Supply of Denver, LLC COLORADO Major Medical Supply of Fort Collins, LLC COLORADO Major Medical Supply of Greeley, LLC COLORADO Major Medical Supply, LLC COLORADO Manor Respiratory Care, Inc. TENNESSEE Matrix Medical, LLC FLORIDA McFarland Group, Inc. TENNESSEE Med Star Surgical & Breathing Equipment Inc. NEW YORK Med Way Medical, Inc. UTAH MedBridge Home Medical LLC DELAWARE Med-Equip, Inc. PENNSYLVANIA MedHome Specialty Services, LLC MISSISSIPPI Medical Logic Ft. Walton, Inc. ALABAMA Medical Logic, Inc. ALABAMA Medical Necessities and Services, LLC TENNESSEE Medidex, LLC MISSOURI Medlogic Anniston, Inc. ALABAMA 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. Medlogic Birmingham, Inc. ALABAMA Medstar Holdings LLC DELAWARE Medway Medical Equipment, LLC TEXAS Mississippi HMA DME, LLC MISSISSIPPI MME II, LLC TEXAS Montgomery Medical Supply, Inc. ALABAMA New England Home Medical Equipment LLC MASSACHUSETTS Northshore Respiratory and Rehab Specialties, Inc. LOUISIANA NRE Holding LLC DELAWARE Ocean Breeze Infusion Care LLC NEW YORK Ocean Home Health Supply LLC NEW JERSEY Ogles Oxygen, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Olympia Respiratory Services LLC WASHINGTON Ours Corporation ILLINOIS Oxygen & Sleep Associates, Inc. TENNESSEE Oxygen One, Inc. WISCONSIN Oxygen Supply Shop, LLC NEW JERSEY Pal-Med, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Palmetto Oxygen, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Parrish Home Medical, Inc. SOUTH CAROLINA Patients First Medical Equipment of Spartanburg, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Paul Home Oxygen Services, Inc. COLORADO Peach Home Health Care, Inc. GEORGIA Pharmacy, Inc. DELAWARE Pharmacy, Inc. Kentucky KENTUCKY Pinnacle Medical Solutions LLC MISSISSIPPI Pinnacle Medical Solutions, Inc. DELAWARE PPS HME Holdings LLC DELAWARE PPS HME LLC DELAWARE Prattville Medical Equipment, Inc. ALABAMA Premier Home Care, Inc. KENTUCKY Promise Medical, Inc. TEXAS Provider Plus, Inc MISSOURI Pumps It Inc TEXAS PVHS Home Medical Supply, LLC COLORADO Quality Home Medical, Inc. SOUTH CAROLINA Quality Medical Services, Inc. IOWA Quality Respi-Care, Inc. GEORGIA Reliable Medical Equipment, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA Reliable Medical of Conway, LLC SOUTH CAROLINA 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. Rely Medical Supply, LLC COLORADO Resp-I-Care, Inc. TENNESSEE Respiratory Home Care of Bristol, LLC TENNESSEE Respiratory Services of Western New York Inc NEW YORK Respracare, Inc. NORTH CAROLINA Roberts Home Medical, LLC MARYLAND Rocky Mountain Medical Equipment, Inc. COLORADO Rocky Mountain Medical Equipment, LLC COLORADO Royal Homestar LLC DELAWARE Royal Medical Supply Inc. PENNSYLVANIA Senior Care Service, LLC COLORADO Skinny, LLC FLORIDA Skoro Enterprises LLC TEXAS Sleep Therapy LLC MINNESOTA Solara Holdings, LLC DELAWARE Solara Intermediate, LLC DELAWARE Solara Medical Supplies, LLC CALIFORNIA Sound Oxygen Service LLC WASHINGTON Southern Home Respiratory & Equipment, Inc. VIRGINIA Southern Nevada Oxygen, Inc. NEVADA Specialized Medical Devices, Inc. ALABAMA Spiro Health Services, LLC DELAWARE Sunbelt Medical Supply & Oxygen, Inc. FLORIDA TC Medical Supply, LLC FLORIDA The 3700 Company, L.L.C. COLORADO The Oxygen Company, Inc. VIRGINIA THH Acquisition LLC I DELAWARE TMS VT, LLC VERMONT Total Homecare Corporation VIRGINIA Total Respiratory, LLC DELAWARE Triad Respiratory Solutions, Inc. NORTH CAROLINA Tricorex, Inc. MISSOURI TriCounty Medical Equipment and Supply, LLC PENNSYLVANIA Trinity Healthcare of Winston-Salem, Inc. GEORGIA Twin Rivers Respiratory Care, Inc. ARKANSAS Verio Healthcare, Inc. CALIFORNIA Verus Healthcare LLC DELAWARE Verus Healthcare, Inc. DELAWARE Vitacare, L.L.C. OKLAHOMA WeCare Medical Somerset, LLC KENTUCKY 

Subsidiaries (Alphabetically) State of Inc. WeCare Medical, LLC KENTUCKY Wolf Industries, Inc. MISSISSIPPI 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ahco-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-258601, No. 333-256824, and No. 333-236012) on Form S-8 and registration statements (No. 333-257493 and No. 333-251452) on Form S-3 of AdaptHealth Corp. of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AdaptHealth Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ahco-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Stephen P. Griggs, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AdaptHealth Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 28, 2023 s Stephen P. Griggs Stephen P. Griggs Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ahco-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Jason Clemens, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AdaptHealth Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 28, 2023 s Jason Clemens Jason Clemens Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ahco-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS REQUIRED BY 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of AdaptHealth Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify that to the best of our knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 28, 2023 s Stephen P. Griggs 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director Stephen P. Griggs (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 s Jason Clemens 
 Chief Financial Officer Jason Clemens (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ahco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ahco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ahco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ahco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ahco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

