<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1534525_0001683168-23-001674.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6964588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>436790</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1931554</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1557098</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1327691</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1563400</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001674.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322163040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001674
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534525
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				452952962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37937
		FILM NUMBER:		23753309

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		945 CONCORD ST.
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-778-7720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		945 CONCORD ST.
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	General Sales & Leasing, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL AIRCRAFT INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001674.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 xenetic_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices and
zip code) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act: Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files): No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. [1] 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [1] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2):
Yes 

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completely second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on that date of 0.80, was approximately . For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors,
and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that
such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 

As of March 10, 2023,
the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Information required in response to Part III of
Form 10-K (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) is hereby incorporated by reference to portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement,
information statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The registrant intends
to file a definitive proxy statement, information statement or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

___________________________ 

[1] Per guidance from the
Securities and Exchange Commission, this blank checkbox is included on this cover page, but no disclosure with respect thereto shall
be made until the adoption and effectiveness of related stock exchange listing standards. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 55 

Item 2 
 
 Properties 
 56 

Item 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 

Item 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 

PART II 
 57 

Item 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 

Item 6 
 
 [Reserved] 
 57 

Item 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 

Item 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 67 

Item 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 

Item 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 

Item 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 69 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 

PART III 
 70 

Item 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 

Item 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 

Item 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 

Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 

Item 14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 70 

PART IV 
 71 

Item 15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 

Item 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 71 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. All statements contained
in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial
position, our business strategy and plans, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning: the lingering effects of the coronavirus,
or COVID-19, global pandemic and the responses thereto, including the pandemic s impact on general economic and market conditions,
as well as on our business, results of operations and financial condition; anticipated effects of geopolitical events, including the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine and associated sanctions imposed by the United States U.S. and other countries in response;
our plans to develop our proposed drug candidates; our expectations regarding the nature, timing and extent of clinical trials and proposed
clinical trials; our expectations regarding the timing for proposed submissions of regulatory filings, including but not limited to, any
Investigational New Drug IND filing or any New Drug Application NDA the nature, timing and extent of
collaboration arrangements; the expected results pursuant to collaboration arrangements, including the receipts of future payments that
may arise pursuant to collaboration arrangements; the outcome of our plans to obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates; the outcome
of our plans for the commercialization of our drug candidates; our plans to address certain markets, engage third party manufacturers,
and evaluate additional drug candidates for subsequent commercial development along with the likelihood and extent of competition to our
drug candidates; our plans to advance innovative immune-oncology technologies addressing hard to treat oncology indications; expectations
regarding our Deoxyribonuclease DNase platform, such as regarding the DNase platform being in development for the treatment
of solid tumors and being aimed at improving outcomes of existing treatments, including immunotherapies, by targeting Neutrophil Extracellular
Traps NETs and our expectations to prioritize our efforts and resources on this newly licensed technology; the development
of the XCART Chimeric Antigen Receptor CAR T cell XCART technology and plans to develop
cell-based therapeutics by targeting the unique B cell receptor on the surface of an individual patient s malignant tumor cells
for the treatment of B-cell lymphomas; and our expectations regarding our PolyXen platform, including concerning our plans
to leverage the platform by partnering with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and its application to protein or peptide therapeutics
and its application to improve the half-life and other pharmaceutical properties of next-generation biologic drugs. 

In some cases, these
statements may be identified by terminology such as may, will, would, could, should, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, seek, 
 approximately, intend, predict, potential, projects, or continue, 
or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements contained herein are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, the levels of activity, performance or achievements. These
statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our or our industry's results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. 

Some factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially include without limitation: 

unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the transaction with CLS Therapeutics LTD CLS and the licensing of the DNase platform; 

uncertainty of the expected financial performance of the Company following completion of the transaction with CLS and the licensing of the DNase platform; 

failure to realize the anticipated potential of the DNase, XCART or PolyXen technologies; 

our ability to implement our business strategy; 

our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

our need to raise additional working capital in the future for the purpose of further developing our pipeline and to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to finance our business; 

our ability to successfully execute, manage and integrate key acquisitions and mergers; 

product development and commercialization risks, including our ability to successfully develop the DNase technology; 

ii 

the impact of adverse safety outcomes and clinical trial results for our therapies; 

our ability to secure and maintain a manufacturer for our technologies; 

the impact of new therapies and new uses of existing therapies on the competitive environment; 

our ability to successfully commercialize our current and future drug candidates; 

our ability to achieve milestone and other payments associated with our current and future co-development collaborations and strategic arrangements; 

our reliance on consultants, advisors, vendors and business partners to conduct work on our behalf; 

the impact of new technologies on our drug candidates and our competition; 

changes in laws or regulations of governmental agencies; 

interruptions or cancellation of existing contracts; 

impact of competitive products and pricing; 

product demand and market acceptance and risks; 

the presence of competitors with greater financial resources; 

continued availability of supplies or materials used in manufacturing at the current prices; 

the ability of management to execute plans and motivate personnel in the execution of those plans; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 

adverse publicity related to our products or the Company itself; 

adverse claims relating to our intellectual property; 

the adoption of new, or changes in, accounting principles; 

the costs inherent with complying with statutes and regulations applicable to public reporting companies, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

other new lines of business that the Company may enter in the future; 

general economic and
 business conditions, as well as inflationary trends and financial market instability or disruptions to the banking system due to bank failures; 

the impact of natural disasters or public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 global pandemic, and geopolitical events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and related sanctions and other economic disruptions or concerns, on our financial condition and results of operations; and 

other factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

These factors are not
necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on our future results,
including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors . The forward-looking statements in this
Annual Report are made only as of the date of this Annual Report, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

As used in this Annual
Report, unless otherwise indicated, all references herein to Xenetic, the Company, we or us 
refer to Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Our brand and product
names, including but not limited to, XCART , OncoHist , PolyXen , ErepoXen 
and ImuXen contained in this Annual Report are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of Xenetic Biosciences,
Inc. and/or its subsidiaries in the United States of America USA or U.S. and certain other countries. All
other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. 

iii 

Summary Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks. In
addition to the summary below, you should carefully review the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We may be subject to additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. These risks should
be read in conjunction with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the principal risks relating to our business
include: 

We have never been profitable and may never achieve or sustain profitability. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue from our operations to pay expenses or we are unable to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We will require substantial additional funding to achieve our goals. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts, other operations or commercialization efforts. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our common stock. Failure to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules could affect the market price of our Common Stock and liquidity and reduce our ability to raise capital. 

Our business is substantially dependent on the success of the DNase oncology platform. 

We operate in an extremely competitive environment and there can be no assurances that competing technologies would not harm our business development. 

We are an early-stage company in the business of developing pharmaceutical products including drug candidates and technologies. Given the uncertainty of such development, our business operations may never fully materialize and create value for investors. 

If conflicts arise between us and our collaborators or strategic partners, these parties may act in their self-interest, which may limit our ability to implement our strategies. 

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical studies, and if these third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 

Our collaborators or strategic partners may decide to adopt alternative technologies or may be unable to develop commercially viable products with our technology, which would negatively impact our revenues and our strategy to develop these products. 

We may seek to establish additional collaborations and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization plans. 

If we enter into one or more collaborations, we may be required to relinquish important rights to and control over the development of our drug candidates or otherwise be subject to unfavorable terms. 

iv 

We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies, which could delay or prevent clinical studies of our pharmaceutical products. 

We may encounter substantial delays in commencement, enrollment or completion of our clinical trials, or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities, which could prevent us from commercializing our current and future drug candidates on a timely basis, if at all. 

If we complete the necessary preclinical and clinical studies, we cannot predict when or if we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a drug candidate, or the approval may be for a more narrow indication than we expect. 

If we obtain regulatory approval for a drug candidate, our drug candidate will remain subject to regulatory scrutiny. 

The commercial success of any current or future pharmaceutical products will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. 

The commercial potential of a pharmaceutical candidate in development is difficult to predict. If the market size for a new drug candidate or technology is significantly smaller than we anticipate, it could significantly and negatively impact our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our drug candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 

We may use our financial and human resources to pursue a particular research program or drug candidate and fail to capitalize on programs or drug candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional pharmaceutical products. 

The market opportunities for our drug candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small. 

We have no manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution capabilities, and we may have to invest a significant amount of resources to develop these capabilities. 

Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 

If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we may be unable to operate effectively. 

Issued patents covering our drug candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

If we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business and profitability may be adversely affected. 

v 

If we fail to comply with our obligations in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third-parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 

Our inability to protect our confidential information and trade secrets would harm our business and competitive position. 

Our future success depends on our ability to retain principal members of our executive team, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We will need to expand our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

We are a party to collaboration agreements and other significant agreements which contain complex commercial terms that could result in disputes, litigation or indemnification liability that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The market price of our securities may be highly volatile, and you may not be able to sell our securities. 

Our preferred stock has rights, preferences and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of our common stockholders, which could result in the interests of the holders of our preferred stock differing from those of our common stockholders. 

vi 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on
advancing innovative immune-oncology technologies addressing hard to treat cancers. Our proprietary DNase platform is designed to improve
outcomes of existing treatments, including immunotherapies, by targeting NETs, which have been implicated in cancer progression and resistance
to cancer treatments. We licensed the DNase oncology platform in April 2022 and we have directed our efforts and resources on the development
of this newly acquired technology. 

The DNase platform is designed to target NETs, which are weblike structures
composed of extracellular chromatin coated with histones and other proteins. NETs are expelled by activated neutrophils, in response to
microbial or pro-inflammatory challenges. However, excessive production or reduced clearance of NETs can lead to aggravated inflammatory
and autoimmune pathologies, as well as creation of pro-tumorigenic niches in the case of cancer growth and metastasis. 

We plan to advance toward a first-in-human, multicenter, dose escalation
and dose-expansion study of IV rhDNase I in subjects with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors. Our systemic DNase program is initially
targeting multi-billion-dollar indications including pancreatic carcinoma. Pancreatic cancer has a low rate of early diagnosis, a high
mortality rate and a poor five-year survival prognosis. Symptoms are usually non-specific and as a result, pancreatic cancer is often
not diagnosed until it reaches an advanced stage. Once the disease has metastasized, or spread to other organs, it becomes especially
hard to treat. Each year, about 185,000 individuals globally are diagnosed with this condition; and in 2021, the Surveillance, Epidemiology
and End Results program, or SEER, of the National Cancer Institute estimated that in the United States there would be approximately 60,000
individuals diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. The overall five-year survival rate among pancreatic cancer patients is 7-8 , which constitutes
the highest mortality rate among solid tumor malignancies; among those diagnosed with metastatic disease, the overall five-year survival
rate is only 3 . Recent developments that have improved the survival in many cancer types have not been effective for pancreatic cancer
patients, highlighting the need for the development of new therapeutic options. 

Furthermore, second-line patients that were diagnosed already with
metastatic disease have very few therapeutic options. The only approved regimen for second-line patients is Onivyde in combination
with 5FU and LV. For these Stage IV at diagnosis patients reaching second-line therapy, median overall survival is only 4.7 months (Macarulla
et al, Pancreas 2020). 

A substantial amount of scientific literature has implicated NETs in
the context of cancer pathogenesis and resistance to cancer therapies (including chemo, radio, and immunotherapies such as checkpoint
inhibitors and cell therapies). In published reports, elevated levels of NETs have been a biomarker associated with poor prognosis in
patients with a variety of cancers. In addition, resistance to existing therapeutic agents can involve the release of immunosuppressive
signaling factors from NETs, or physical barriers created by NETs, which can impede the infiltration, activity, and survival of cytotoxic
T cells in the tumor microenvironment. Published pre-clinical models have demonstrated the effectiveness of systemically administered
DNase, alone or in combination with other agents, for the elimination of NETs and prevention of tumor growth and metastasis. We are currently
focused on advancing our systemic DNase program into the clinic as an adjunctive therapy for pancreatic carcinoma and locally advanced
or metastatic solid tumors. 

Adoptive transfer of CAR T cells has emerged as one of the most promising
advances in cancer immunotherapy. To successfully treat solid tumors, CAR T cells must be able to infiltrate, persist, and maintain anti-tumor
function in a hostile tumor microenvironment that is itself adept at immunosuppression and conducive to tumor cell survival. Recent approaches
to CAR T design include armored CAR-T cells, so named because they can express additional factors to resist immunosuppression
or degrade physical components of the tumor s extracellular matrix, including NETs. We intend to conduct pre-clinical research with
the goal of demonstrating that armoring CAR T cells to secrete DNase can support depth and durability of response against solid tumor
indications. Engineered CAR T cells, designed to recognize cancer-associated antigens, are capable of sustained and selective killing
of tumor cells, with substantial reduction of tumor burden. CAR T therapies have exhibited remarkable clinical success against hematological
malignancies but thus far have failed to demonstrate success in the context of solid tumors. Published evidence suggests that in addition
to immunosuppressive factors, mechanical barriers formed by NETs can impede T-cell penetration and occlude T-cell contact with tumor cells. 

1 

Our collaboration with Belgian Volition SARL Limited Volition is an early exploratory program to evaluate the potential combination of Volition s Nu.Q technology and Xenetic s DNase-Armored
CAR T platform to develop proprietary adoptive cell therapies potentially targeting multiple types of solid cancers for which current
CAR T cell therapies have shown limited or no effect. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, Volition will fund a research program
and the two parties will share proceeds from commercialization or licensing of any products arising from the collaboration. Epigenetically
modified nucleosomes are present on tumor cell surfaces and within the tumor microenvironment of multiple types of solid cancers, and
thus these nucleosomes may represent generalizable tumor antigens that are not limited to a single cancer type. Volition s Nu.Q 
technology can specifically recognize and target epigenetically modified nucleosomes, while our DNase-Armored CAR T platform is designed
to enhance the function of CAR T cells within solid tumor microenvironments. 

XCART is our personalized
CAR T platform technology engineered to target patient-specific tumor neoantigens, with a demonstrated proof of mechanism in B-cell Lymphomas.
The XCART technology platform was designed to utilize an established screening technique to identify polypeptide domains that selectively
bind to the unique B-cell receptor BCR on the surface of an individual lymphoma patient s malignant B-cell clones.
This BCR-selective targeting domain is engineered into the antigen-binding domain of a CAR, creating the possibility of a CAR T treatment
that should only recognize a given patient s malignant B-cell clones. We believe our personalized CAR T therapies have the potential
to offer cancer patients substantial benefits over the existing standard of care and currently approved CAR T therapies. We have suspended
development of the XCART platform as we prioritized the DNase platform and intend to focus our resources on development of the DNase programs. 

Additionally, we have partnered with biotechnology
and pharmaceutical companies to develop our proprietary drug delivery platform, PolyXen, and receive royalty payments under an exclusive
license arrangement in the field of blood coagulation disorders. PolyXen is an enabling platform technology for protein and peptide drug
delivery. It uses the biological polymer polysialic acid PSA to prolong the drug's half-life and potentially improve the
stability of therapeutic peptides and proteins. Both the site of attachment and the length of the PSA chain can influence the properties
of the therapeutic by changing the apparent hydrodynamic radius of the molecule, which in turn, can enhance a number of the biological
characteristics of the therapeutic. It can also be used for small molecule drugs. 

We incorporate our patented and proprietary technologies
into drug candidates currently under development with biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry collaborators to create what we believe
will be the next-generation biologic drugs with improved pharmacological properties over existing therapeutics. Our drug candidates have
resulted from our research activities or that of our collaborators and are in the development stage. As a result, we continue to commit
a significant amount of our resources to our research and development activities and anticipate continuing to do so for the near future.
To date, none of our drug candidates have received regulatory marketing authorization or approval in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration FDA nor in any other countries or territories by any applicable agencies. 

Although we hold a broad patent portfolio, the
focus of our internal efforts in 2022 was on the licensing and advancement of our DNase platform and on the development of our XCART platform
technology. 

We were incorporated under the laws of the State
of Nevada in August 2011. We, directly or indirectly, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Hesperix S.A. Hesperix and
Xenetic Biosciences (U.K.) Limited Xenetic U.K. ), and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Xenetic UK, Lipoxen Technologies
Limited Lipoxen ), Xenetic Bioscience, Incorporated and SymbioTec, GmbH SymbioTec ), own various U.S. federal
trademark registrations and applications, along with unregistered trademarks and service marks, including but not limited to XCART, OncoHist,
PolyXen, ErepoXen and ImuXen. 

Our Strategy 

In April 2022 we licensed the DNase platform.
The DNase platform is designed to improve outcomes of existing treatments, including immunotherapies, by targeting NETs (see Overview 
and Our Technology and Drug Candidates for a description of the technology). Our primary efforts are now aimed at advancing
the systemic DNase program into the clinic as an adjunctive therapy for pancreatic cancer and other locally advanced or metastatic solid
tumors. Our goal is to provide solutions in the treatment of solid tumors by improving response and overcoming resistance to checkpoint
inhibitors, chemotherapy, and other standard of care treatments. We also intend to pursue industry collaborations and potential licenses
to develop DNase for other uses and indications. 

2 

We intend to pursue orphan drug designations and
accelerated approval pathways for relevant oncology indications as appropriate in both the U.S. and Europe. If our orphan oncology drug
candidates are granted orphan drug designation, then we may benefit from certain key advantages of orphan status including certain market
exclusivities. 

We intend to advance development of our DNase
platform primarily through the use of contract manufacturing and contract research organizations CROs in order to efficiently
manage our resources. Continuous pipeline growth and advancement of out-licensed drug candidates is dependent, in part, on our ability
to raise sufficient capital and to advance our existing co-development collaborations and strategic arrangements as well as enter into
new such arrangements. 

Business Developments 

Exclusive Sublicense Agreement 

On April 26, 2022, we entered into an Exclusive
Sublicense Agreement (the Sublicense Agreement with CLS pursuant to which we received an exclusive license, under certain
patent rights and know-how owned or controlled by CLS, to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products and methods incorporating
DNase enzyme for use in treatment of cancer (the Sublicensed Products ). Under the terms of the Sublicense Agreement, we
will have sole responsibility for, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, among other things, research, develop and obtain
marketing approval for the Sublicensed Products in the U.S. and certain European markets, and to commercialize such Sublicensed Products
in the relevant market once marketing approval is obtained. 

In consideration for the license and other rights
granted to us under the Sublicense Agreement, we issued to CLS 375,000 shares of our common stock (the Sublicense Agreement Shares ),
of which 250,000 Sublicense Agreement Shares were issued directly to OPKO Health, Inc. OPKO in lieu of transfer indirectly
from CLS to EirGen Pharma Ltd. EirGen ), a wholly owned subsidiary of OPKO, in satisfaction of certain third-party contractual
obligations between CLS and EirGen. Additionally, we are obligated to pay to CLS up to 13,000,000 in cash in potential milestone payments
for the achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones, as well as issue an additional 950,000 shares of our common stock to
CLS based on the achievement of certain regulatory milestones. In addition, we are obligated to pay tiered royalties ranging from the
mid-single to low-double digits on net sales of licensed products falling within the scope of the license during the Royalty Term (as
defined in the Sublicense Agreement), as well as pay a percentage share in the low-to-mid teens of certain consideration received by us
from any sublicensees. 

Exclusive License Agreement 

On April 26, 2022, we entered into an Exclusive
License Agreement (the License Agreement with CLS, pursuant to which we received an exclusive license under certain patent
rights and know-how owned or controlled by CLS to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products and methods incorporating DNase in
conjunction with CAR T therapies (the Licensed Products ). Under the terms of the License Agreement, we will have sole responsibility
for, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, among other things, research, develop and obtain marketing approval for the Licensed
Products in the U.S. and certain European markets, and to commercialize such Licensed Products in the relevant market once marketing approval
is obtained. 

In consideration for the license and other rights
granted to us under the License Agreement, we paid CLS a one-time fee of 500,000 in cash, issued to CLS 500,000 shares of our common
stock, and are obligated to pay up to 13,000,000 in cash in potential milestone payments for the achievement of certain clinical and
regulatory milestones for each Licensed Product. In addition, we are obligated to pay tiered royalties ranging from the mid-single to
low-double digits on net sales of licensed products falling within the scope of the license during the Royalty Term (as defined in the
License Agreement), as well as pay a percentage share in the mid-teens to low double digits of certain consideration we receive from any
sublicensees. 

3 

Patent Assignment and Volition Collaboration 

On October 4, 2022, we completed a patent assignment
related to our collaboration with Volition and CLS. In connection with the patent assignment, we entered into a Subscription Agreement
with CLS Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CLS LLC ), on October 12, 2022, pursuant to which we agreed
to issue to CLS LLC, and CLS LLC agreed to subscribe for, 850,000 shares of our common stock as consideration for the assignment by CLS
and its affiliates to us of certain patent rights owned by CLS and its affiliates. 

On August
2, 2022, we announced a research and development collaboration with Volition to develop NETs-targeted adoptive cell therapies for
the treatment of cancer. The collaboration is an early exploratory program to evaluate the potential combination of Volition s Nu.Q 
technology Test and our DNase-Armored CAR T platform to develop proprietary adoptive cell therapies potentially targeting multiple types
of solid cancers. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, Volition will fund a research program and the two parties will share
proceeds from commercialization or licensing of any products arising from the collaboration. 

Catalent 

On June 30, 2022, we entered into a Statement
of Work (the SOW with Catalent Pharma Solutions LLC Catalent to outline the general scope of work, timeline,
and pricing pursuant to which Catalent will provide certain services to us to perform cGMP manufacturing of our recombinant protein, Human
DNase I. 

Scripps Research 

On March 17, 2023, we
entered into a Research Funding and Option Agreement (the Agreement with Scripps Research pursuant to which we have agreed
to provide Scripps Research an aggregate of up to 938,000 to fund research relating to advancing the pre-clinical development of the
Company s DNase oncology platform technology. The research funding is payable by us to Scripps Research on a monthly basis in accordance
with a negotiated budget, which provides for an initial payment of approximately 78,000 on the date of the Agreement and subsequent monthly
payments of approximately 78,000 over a 12-month period. Under the Agreement, we have the option to acquire a worldwide exclusive license
to Scripps Research s rights in the Technology or Patent Rights (as defined in the Agreement), as well as a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
non-transferrable license to make and use TSRI Technology (as defined in the Agreement) solely for our internal research purposes during
the performance of the research program contemplated by the Agreement. 

Unless earlier terminated,
the term of the Agreement continues from the date of the Agreement for fifteen (15) months. The Agreement may be terminated by us with
30 days advance written notice to Scripps Research beginning six (6) months after the Effective Date (as defined in the Agreement) or
by Scripps Research if we fail to make timely payments due under the Agreement, subject to 30 days written notice to cure such
nonpayment. The Agreement may further be terminated by either party in the event of the other party s uncured failure to perform
any obligations under the Agreement or the bankruptcy of the other party. 

Our Technology and Drug Candidates 

The Technologies 

We incorporate our patented and proprietary technologies
into a number of drug candidates which are currently under development internally or with our biotechnology and pharmaceutical collaborators,
with the goal of creating what we believe will be the next generation of biologic drugs and therapeutics. While we primarily focus on
researching and developing oncology drugs, we also have ownership and other economic interests in drugs being developed by our collaborators
to treat other conditions. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the focus
of our internal development efforts was on the licensing and advancement of our DNase oncology platform and the development of our XCART
technology. We have not been actively pursuing development efforts for PolyXen or any of our other technologies. 

4 

DNase 
 
 The DNase platform is designed to target NETs,
 which are weblike structures composed of extracellular chromatin coated with histones and other proteins. NETs are expelled by activated
 neutrophils, in response to microbial or pro-inflammatory challenges. However, excessive production or reduced clearance of NETs can lead
 to aggravated inflammatory and autoimmune pathologies, as well as creation of pro-tumorigenic niches in the case of cancer growth and
 metastasis. 
 
 Program Highlights: 

Exclusive license and sublicense agreements with CLS to develop its interventional DNase platform, which is aimed at improving outcomes
of existing treatments, including immunotherapies; 

Advancing toward first-in-human study start targeted for 2024-2025; 

Systemic DNase program initially targeting multi-billion-dollar indications
 including pancreatic carcinoma and other locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors; and 

DNase-armored CAR T program in early pre-clinical development. 

XCART 
 The XCART technology platform was designed by its originators to utilize an established screening technique to identify peptide ligands that bind specifically to the unique BCR on the surface of an individual patient s malignant tumor cells. The peptide is then inserted into the antigen-binding domain of a CAR T cell, and a subsequent transduction/transfection process is used to engineer the patient s T cells into a CAR T format which redirects the patient s T cells to attack the tumor. Essentially, the XCART screening platform is the inverse of a typical CAR T screening protocol wherein libraries of highly specific antibody domains are screened against a given target. In the case of XCART screening, the target is itself an antibody domain, and hence highly specific by its nature. The XCART technology creates the possibility of personalized treatment of lymphomas utilizing a CAR with an antigen-binding domain that should only recognize, and only be recognized by, the unique BCR of a particular patient s B-cell lymphoma. An expected result for XCART is limited off-tumor toxicities, such as B-cell aplasia. We have suspended further development of XCART at this time, as we focus our efforts and resources on our DNase technology platform. 

PolyXen 
 An enabling biological platform technology designed to extend the circulation time of drug molecules in the human body by chemically attaching PSA, to the drug molecule by a process termed polysialylation, thereby creating potentially superior next generation therapeutic candidates. PSA, a biopolymer, comprising a chain of sialic acid molecules, is a natural constituent of the human body, although we obtain our PSA from a bacterial source. 

Research, Outside Services and Collaborations 

Through partner efforts, we are developing our
pipeline of next-generation bio-therapeutics and novel oncology drugs based on our DNase, XCART and PolyXen proprietary technologies.
In order to do this while efficiently managing our overhead, we rely on the services of contract manufacturers, CROs and our strategic
collaborations. We currently do not have in-house research facilities to pursue these initiatives. Accordingly, continuous pipeline growth
and advancement of our technologies and drug candidates is dependent on several important collaborations and strategic arrangements, including
our arrangements with: 

Catalent, a global leader in enabling biopharma,
 cell, gene and consumer health partners to optimize development, launch, and supply of better patient treatments across multiple modalities; 

Pharmsynthez, including its wholly-owned subsidiary SynBio LLC SynBio ), a beneficial owner of approximately 2.9 of our common stock; and 

The Scripps Research Institute Scripps Research ), one of the world s largest, private non-profit research organizations. 

Accordingly, in addition to pursuing our development
of the DNase technology, we also have significant interests in drug candidates being developed by our collaborators to treat other conditions.
We may collect some combination of milestone payments and royalties pursuant to these collaborations to the extent that these drugs are
successfully developed and marketed. However, other than royalty payments under a sublicense with Takeda and potential royalty payments
under our collaboration agreement with Pharmsynthez, we do not anticipate any milestone or royalty payments in the near term, if at all.
For further detail, please read the section titled Significant Collaborations and Strategic Arrangements below. 

5 

Our Drug Candidate Pipeline 

Our product pipeline contains drug candidates
under development internally and with our biotechnology and pharmaceutical collaborators. The following table summarizes key information
regarding our current drug candidates: 

ErepoXen 

ErepoXen, or polysialylated erythropoietin PSA-EPO ),
uses our PolyXen platform technology for the treatment of anemia in chronic kidney disease CKD patients. It is designed
to reduce the dosing frequency by extending the circulating half-life of the therapeutic in the body. We are not pursuing clinical development
of ErepoXen but continue to entertain out-license opportunities for the drug candidate in our licensed territories. 

We have collaboration agreements with Pharmsynthez
and Serum Institute to develop and launch ErepoXen in limited markets pursuant to which we will collect royalties if they are successful
in these efforts. 

6 

Pharmsynthez received regulatory approval to commence
a Phase II(b)/III human clinical trial of ErepoXen (also known as Epolong) in Russia with patient recruitment completed in 2020. In December
2020, Pharmsynthez reported positive data from this clinical trial and, in February 2021, reported in a press release that it had started
the registration phase of Epolong by filing a registration dossier to obtain approval in Russia. Pharmsynthez had reported in its press
release that it expected that the Russian stage of registration activities would be completed in 2021 and that it would be able to start
production of the product as early as the first quarter of 2022. Pharmsynthez has informed us that it had received a response letter indicating
certain deficiencies in the dossier and intends to refile the registration upon correction. 

Serum Institute conducted Phase I and Phase II
clinical trials of ErepoXen in ninety-five human subjects. These safety trials, which had no significant drug-related adverse events,
provided us with the data to commence a Phase II, repeat dosing, International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for
Pharmaceuticals for Human Use compliant clinical trial for ErepoXen in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa for CKD patients not on
dialysis. We completed three cohorts of this study and then terminated the study. 

In addition, Serum Institute finished Phase I/II
clinical trials in India of ErepoXen for in-center-dialysis patients. Serum Institute may seek to leverage Pharmsynthez s trial
data and potential Russian marketing authorization to request a waiver for a Phase III clinical trial in India, subject to local regulatory
authority approval. 

Pipeline Expansion Opportunities 

Operating under licenses from us within their
home markets, our collaborators can potentially generate preclinical and clinical data related to our technologies across a wide spectrum
of therapeutic areas. Under these agreements, we retain all rights for major markets and co-own the clinical data. We therefore have the
opportunity to utilize the data in our decision-making process regarding development and commercialization in major markets. 

Significant Collaborations and Strategic Arrangements 

Takeda 

In October 2017, we granted to Takeda the right
to grant a non-exclusive sublicense to certain patents related to the Company s PolyXen technology that were previously exclusively
licensed to Takeda in connection with products related to the treatment of blood and bleeding disorders. Pursuant to the agreement, Takeda
(i) paid us a one-time payment of seven million five hundred thousand dollars 7,500,000) in November 2017 and (ii) agreed to pay us
single digit royalty payments based upon net sales of the covered products throughout the term. Royalty payments on net sales commenced
in late 2019. Royalty payments of approximately 1.7 million and 1.2 million were recorded as revenue by the Company during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are based on single digit royalties on net sales of certain covered products. 

Catalent 

On June 30, 2022, we entered into a SOW with Catalent
to outline the general scope of work, timeline, and pricing pursuant to which Catalent will provide certain services to us to perform
cGMP manufacturing of our recombinant protein, Human DNase I. The parties agreed to enter into a Master Services Agreement MSA that will contain terms and conditions to govern the project contemplated by the SOW and that will supersede the addendum to the SOW containing
Catalent's standard terms and conditions. In addition, in the event of any conflict between the project-specific terms and conditions
set forth in the SOW and the MSA, the MSA terms and conditions shall govern. The estimated total cost of the project contemplated by the
SOW is expected to be up to approximately 5 million (exclusive of certain fees and potential alternatives) for the manufacturing services
over the course of the term of the project with each phase of the project invoiced separately in connection with the commencement of such
phase. Unless earlier amended or terminated, the manufacturing services contemplated by the SOW are currently targeted to be completed
by the first half of 2024. The SOW is terminable by the Company at any time with 30 days' prior written notice to Catalent. The SOW also
contains customary provisions related to, among other things, confidentiality, warranties, intellectual property and indemnification. 

7 

Scripps Research 

On May 15, 2020, we entered into a Research Funding
and Option Agreement with Scripps Research (the Scripps Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to provide Scripps Research
an aggregate of up to 3.0 million to fund research relating to advancing the pre-clinical development of XCART. The research funding
was payable by us to Scripps Research on a quarterly basis in accordance with a negotiated budget, which provides for an initial payment
of approximately 300,000 on the date of the Scripps Agreement and subsequent quarterly payments of approximately 300,000 over a 27-month
period. Under the Scripps Agreement, Scripps Research granted us a license within the Field (as defined in the Scripps Agreement) to any
Patent Rights or Technology (as defined in the Scripps Agreement) under the terms of that certain license agreement with Scripps Research,
dated February 25, 2019, assigned to us on March 1, 2019. Additionally, we have the option to acquire a worldwide exclusive license to
Scripps Research s rights in the Technology or Patent Rights not already licensed to us, as well as a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
non-transferrable license to make and use Scripps Research Technology (as defined in the Scripps Agreement) solely for the Company s
internal research purposes during the performance of the research program contemplated by the Scripps Agreement. During the second quarter
of 2022, the parties mutually agreed to terminate additional funding under the Scripps Agreement. As a result, Scripps Research agreed
to continue to perform work under the agreement until funding previously advanced was expended. 

PJSC Pharmsynthez 

In November 2009, we entered into a collaborative
research and development license agreement with Pharmsynthez (the Pharmsynthez Arrangement pursuant to which we granted
an exclusive license to Pharmsynthez to develop, commercialize and market six product candidates based on our PolyXen and ImuXen technology
in certain territories. In exchange, Pharmsynthez granted us an exclusive license to use any preclinical and clinical data developed by
Pharmsynthez within the scope of the Pharmsynthez Arrangement and to engage in further research, development and commercialization of
drug candidates outside of certain territories at our own expense. 

Pharmsynthez is wholly responsible for funding
and conducting its own research and clinical development activities in Russia. There are no milestones or other research related payments
provided for under the Pharmsynthez Arrangement other than royalties. The Pharmsynthez Arrangement shall continue until it is terminated
in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein. 

In August 2011, we entered into a stock subscription
and collaborative development agreement with SynBio (the Co-Development Agreement ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pharmsynthez,
pursuant to which we granted SynBio an exclusive license to develop, market and commercialize certain drug candidates utilizing molecules
based on SynBio s technology and our PolyXen, OncoHist and ImuXen platform technologies in Russia and the CIS, collectively referred
to herein as the SynBio Market. In exchange for our granting to SynBio those certain license rights, SynBio granted an exclusive license
to us to use any preclinical and clinical data generated by SynBio and to engage in the development of commercial candidates that may
arise from the collaboration in any territory outside of the SynBio Market based upon the Co-Development Agreement. 

SynBio is wholly responsible for funding and conducting
its own research and clinical development activities in Russia. There are no milestones or other research-related payments provided for
under the Co-Development Agreement other than fees for the supply of each party s respective research supplies based on their technology,
which, when provided, are due to mutual convenience and not representative of an ongoing or recurring obligation to supply research supplies.
Upon successful commercialization of any resultant products, we are entitled to receive a 10 royalty on sales in certain territories
and pay royalties to SynBio for sales outside those certain territories subject to the terms of the Co-Development Agreement. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were no supply service revenues in connection with the Co-Development
Agreement. The Co-Development Agreement continues until it is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein.
Effective December 20, 2021 SynBio assigned the Co-Development Agreement to its parent company, Pharmsynthez. 

See Note 4 Significant Strategic Collaborations 
for Pharmsynthez share ownership in us. 

8 

Serum Institute 

In August 2011, we entered into a collaborative
research and development agreement with Serum Institute (the Serum Agreement providing Serum Institute an exclusive license
to use our PolyXen technology to research and develop one potential commercial product, Polysialylated Erythropoietin PSA-EPO. Serum Institute is responsible for conducting all preclinical and clinical trials required to achieve regulatory approvals within certain
predetermined territories at Serum Institute s own expense. Royalty payments are payable by Serum Institute to us for net sales
to certain customers in the Serum Institute sales territory. Royalty payments are payable by us to Serum Institute for net sales received
by us over the term of the license. There are no milestone or other research-related payments due under the collaborative arrangement.
The Serum Agreement continues until it is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth therein. Through December 31,
2022, no commercial products were developed and no royalty revenue or expense was recognized by us related to this arrangement. Serum
Institute had a share ownership of less than 1 of our total outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

Our Intellectual Property 

We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary
technology, inventions and improvements that are commercially important to our business, including seeking, maintaining and defending
patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from our collaborators or other third parties. Our policy is to seek to protect
our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing patent applications in the U.S. and in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. covering
our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and product candidates that are important to the development and implementation of
our business. We also rely on trade secrets and know-how relating to our proprietary technology and product candidates, continuing innovation
and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of oncology. We also plan to
rely on data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions when available. Our commercial success will depend in part on
our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for our technology, inventions and improvements; to preserve
the confidentiality of our trade secrets; to obtain and maintain licenses to use intellectual property owned by third parties; to defend
and enforce our proprietary rights, including any patents that we may own in the future; and to operate without infringing on the valid
and enforceable patents and other proprietary rights of third parties. 

Our drug candidates are in various stages of development,
each protected by patent and pending patent applications in the U.S. with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and
in certain other developed countries. Our first issued patents began to expire in 2021 with the majority of the existing issued patents
for our PolyXen and OncoHist technology expiring between 2025 and 2030. 

Our patent strategy is to file patent applications
on innovations and improvements in those jurisdictions that comprise the major pharmaceutical markets in the world or locations where
a pharmaceutical may be manufactured. These jurisdictions generally include for our key patent portfolios, but are not limited to, the
U.S., U.K., Australia, Japan, Canada, South Korea, China, India, Russia and certain other countries in the European Union E.U. ),
though we do not necessarily file a patent application in each of these jurisdictions for every patent family. 

As of January 23, 2023, we directly or indirectly
own (e.g. through a license with CLS), through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Hesperix and Xenetic U.K., and Xenetic U.K. s wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Lipoxen, XTI and SymbioTec, more than 170 U.S. and international patents and pending patent applications that cover various
aspects of our technologies. This number includes patents and patent applications that we have acquired or filed covering various aspects
of our DNase and XCART platform technology, including all rights throughout the world in and to patents and patent applications related
to Articles And Methods Directed To Personalized Therapy Of Cancer, and our PolyXen platform technology covering polysialylation
and advanced polymer conjugate technologies, respectively, as well as our other product candidates. More specifically, our patents and
patent applications cover cancer treatments, method of use, polymer architecture, drug conjugates, formulations, methods of manufacturing
polymers and polymer conjugates along with methods of administering polymer conjugates. 

9 

We have received patent protection for certain
therapeutics that use our PolyXen technology linking the specific therapeutic to a PSA. These include, but are not limited to, PSA-EPO,
PSA-insulin and PSA-insulin like protein, a next generation Factor VIII protein product candidate SHP656 (PSA-rFVIII), PSA-DNase I and
PSA-granulocyte colony stimulating factor (PSA-GCSF). Further patents cover methods to prepare proteins that are linked to a PSA. These
method patents include those that link a PSA to a protein in a high pH solution as well as patents that use a process for producing an
aldehyde derivative of a sialic acid through the opening and oxidation of a sialic acid unit. For instance, we have patent protection
for a PSA linkage that can be at the N-terminus. 

We have received patent protection for the production
of PSA and the removal of endotoxin during the purification process. The removal of endotoxin occurs through the addition of a high pH
solution to the PSA and a process to separate a polydisperse ionically charged polysaccharide, such as PSA, into fractions of different
average molecular weight. This is accomplished through the use of a column and elution buffers with different and constant ionic strength
and pH, resulting in a fractionated polysaccharide that has a molecular weight polydispersity of 1.1 or lower. 

We have also received patent protection for our
DNase technology, which covers the use of DNase for the treatment of cancer and amelioration of the side effects associated with a cancer
treatment. The DNase can be administered alone or in combination with a cancer therapeutic. This portfolio and that of the XCART portfolio
also provide coverage for the use of certain types of CAR-T cells, with or without the addition of a DNase to treat a cancer. The portfolio
further covers the use of CAR-T cells with or without a DNase that are administered with an immune checkpoint inhibitor or modulator to
treat a cancer. 

Issued patents can provide protection for varying
periods of time, depending upon the date of filing of the patent application, the date of patent issuance and the legal term of patents
in the countries in which they are obtained. In general, patents issued for applications filed in the U.S. can provide exclusionary rights
for twenty years from the earliest effective filing date. In addition, in certain instances, the term of an issued U.S. patent that covers
or claims an FDA approved product can be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory
review period, which is called patent term extension. The restoration period cannot be longer than five years, and the total patent term,
including the restoration period, must not exceed fourteen years following FDA approval. The term of patents outside of the U.S. varies
in accordance with the laws of the foreign jurisdiction but is typically also twenty years from the earliest effective filing date. However,
the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country-to-country, and depends upon many factors,
including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal
remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 

In certain situations, where we work with drugs
covered by one or more patents, our ability to develop and commercialize our technologies may be affected by limitations of our access
to these proprietary drugs. Even if we believe we are free to work with a proprietary drug, we cannot guarantee that we will not be accused
of, or be determined to be, infringing on a third party s rights and be prohibited from working with the drug or found liable for
damages. Any such restriction on access or liability for damages would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, such as ours, are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual issues. There can be no assurance that patents that have
been issued will be held valid and enforceable in a court of law. Even for patents that are held valid and enforceable, the legal process
associated with obtaining such a judgment is time consuming and costly. Additionally, issued patents can be subject to opposition or other
proceedings that can result in the revocation of the patent or maintenance of the patent in amended form (and potentially in a form that
renders the patent without commercially relevant and/or broad coverage). Further, our competitors may be able to circumvent and otherwise
design around our patents. Even if a patent is issued and enforceable, because development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products
can be subject to substantial delays, patents may expire early and provide only a short period of protection, if any, following the commercialization
of products encompassed by our patent(s). We may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO, which could result
in a loss of the patent and/or substantial cost to us. Further, we understand that if any of our pending patent applications do not issue,
or are deemed invalid following issuance, we may lose valuable IP protection. 

10 

U.S. and foreign patent rights and other proprietary
rights exist that are owned by third parties and relate to pharmaceutical compositions and reagents, medical devices and equipment and
methods for preparation, packaging and delivery of pharmaceutical compositions. We cannot predict with any certainty which, if any, of
these rights will be considered relevant to our technology by authorities in the various jurisdictions where such rights exist, nor can
we predict with certainty which, if any, of these rights will or may be asserted against us by third parties. We could incur substantial
costs in defending ourselves and our partners against any such claims. Furthermore, parties making such claims may be able to obtain injunctive
or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to develop or commercialize some or all of our products in the U.S.
and in other countries and could result in the award of substantial damages. In the event of a claim of infringement, we or our partners
may be required to obtain one or more licenses from third parties. There can be no assurance that we can obtain a license to any technology
that we determine we require on reasonable terms, if at all, or that we could develop or otherwise obtain alternative technology. The
failure to obtain licenses, if required, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Further, we may not be able to obtain IP licenses related to the development of our drug candidates on a commercially reasonable basis,
if at all. 

It is our policy to require our employees and
consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors who receive confidential information from us to
execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that
all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us
is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. The agreements provide that all inventions
conceived by an employee shall be our property. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection
or adequate remedies for our trade secrets in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. 

Manufacturing and Supply 

We do not have the capability to manufacture our
own materials necessary to support our drug candidate development programs nor do we intend to acquire such capability as part of our
present business strategy. We currently have agreements in place with Catalent and Serum Institute whereby Catalent and Serum Institute
would produce clinical materials for use in the development of drug candidates involving our DNase and PolyXen technologies, respectively,
including candidates developed by our partners. We do not have any agreements in place to manufacture clinical materials for use in the
development of our XCART technology and would seek a third party manufacturer for our clinical supply needs, if necessary. 

Government Regulation 

General 

Government authorities in the U.S. at the federal,
state and local level, and other countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and export and
import of products such as those we are developing. Generally, a new drug must be approved by the FDA through the NDA process and a new
biologic must be licensed by the FDA through the biologics license application BLA process before it may be legally marketed
in the U.S. 

U.S. Regulation 

Drug Development Process 

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and in the case of biologics, also under the Public Health Service Act PHSA ),
and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal,
state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply
with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject
an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications,
withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold, warning letters or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures,
total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement
or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

11 

The process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed
in the U.S. generally involves the following: 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with Good Laboratory Practices GLP regulations and other applicable regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practice GCP regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 

The drug or biologic manufacturer may also be
subject to post-approval regulatory requirements. Once a pharmaceutical candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical
testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies.
An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, to the FDA
as part of the IND. The sponsor will also include a protocol detailing, among other things, the objectives of the first phase of the clinical
trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated, if the first phase lends itself
to an efficacy evaluation. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective
thirty days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the thirty-day time period, places the clinical trial on a clinical hold.
In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical holds
may also be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns about ongoing or proposed clinical
trials or noncompliance with specific FDA requirements, and the trials may not begin or continue until the FDA notifies the sponsor that
the hold has been lifted. 

All clinical trials must be conducted under the
supervision of one or more qualified investigators in accordance with GCP regulations. They must be conducted under protocols detailing
the objectives of the trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the safety and effectiveness criteria to
be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND, and timely safety reports must be submitted to the FDA if
any serious and unexpected adverse events occur. An institutional review board IRB at each institution participating in
the clinical trial (or in some cases an independent IRB) must review and approve each protocol before a clinical trial commences at that
institution. As part of its review, the IRB must also approve the information regarding the trial and the consent form that must be provided
to each trial subject or his or her legal representative, monitor the study until completion and otherwise comply with IRB regulations. 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases
that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase I : The drug candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, such as cancer, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. 

Phase II : This phase involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and appropriate dosage. 

Phase III : Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the drug candidate and provide, if appropriate, an adequate basis for product labeling. 

12 

Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as
Phase IV studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment
of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase IV clinical trials
as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. 

The FDA or the sponsor may suspend a clinical
trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.
Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted
in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. In addition,
some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring
board or committee. Depending on its charter, this group may determine whether a trial may move forward at designated check points based
on access to certain data from the trial. 

Concurrent with clinical trials, sponsors must
also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing
the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing
quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength,
quality and purity of the final drug. In addition, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted
to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

While the IND is active and before approval, progress
reports summarizing the results of the clinical trials and nonclinical studies performed since the last progress report must be submitted
at least annually to the FDA by the Sponsor, and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA for serious and unexpected suspected
adverse events, findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the same or similar drugs, findings from
animal or in-vitro testing suggesting a significant risk to humans and any clinically important increased incidence of a serious suspected
adverse reaction compared to that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 

There are also requirements governing the reporting
of ongoing clinical trials and completed trial results to public registries. Sponsors of certain clinical trials of FDA-regulated products
are required to register and disclose specified clinical trial information, which is publicly available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. Information
related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial
is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical trials after completion.
Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed until the new product or new indication being studied has been approved. 

U.S. Market Approval Process 

The results of product development, preclinical
and other non-clinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on
the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling and other relevant information will be submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting
approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA or BLA is subject to the payment of user fees a waiver of such fees may
be obtained under certain limited circumstances. The FDA reviews all NDAs and BLAs submitted to ensure they are sufficiently complete
for substantive review before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA or BLA
for filing. In this event, the NDA or BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject
to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. 

Once the submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA may refer the NDA or BLA to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory
committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. The approval process is lengthy and often difficult, and the FDA may refuse
to approve an NDA or BLA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical or other data and
information. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria
for approval. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and
whether its manufacturing is cGMP-compliant to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. The FDA
reviews a BLA to determine, among other things whether the product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured,
processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. Before approving
an NDA or BLA, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. 

13 

After the FDA evaluates an NDA or BLA, it will
issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with prescribing
information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the
application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes the specific deficiencies in the NDA
or BLA identified by the FDA and may require additional clinical data, such as an additional pivotal Phase III trial or other significant
and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, nonclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued,
the sponsor must resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even
if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. 

If a product receives regulatory approval, the
approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could
restrict the commercial value of the product. In addition, the FDA may require a sponsor to conduct Phase IV testing, which involves clinical
trials designed to further assess a drug s safety and effectiveness after NDA or BLA approval, and may require testing and surveillance
programs to monitor the safety of approved products which have been commercialized. The FDA may also place other conditions on approval
including the requirement for a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the
FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA or BLA without
an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such
as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing
could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Marketing approval may be withdrawn for
noncompliance with regulatory requirements or if problems occur following initial marketing. 

Orphan Drug Act 

The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives to manufacturers
to develop and market drugs or biologics for rare diseases and conditions affecting fewer than 200,000 persons in the U.S. at the time
of application for orphan drug designation or for a patient population greater than 200,000 in the U.S. where there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing the drug or biologic will be recovered from sales in the U.S. The first developer to receive FDA marketing
approval for an orphan drug is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product. However, a drug that
the FDA considers to be clinically superior to, or different from, another approved orphan drug, even though for the same indication,
may also obtain approval in the U.S. during the seven-year exclusive marketing period. In addition, holders of exclusivity for orphan
drugs are expected to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of their orphan drugs to meet the needs of patients. Failure to
do so could result in the withdrawal of marketing exclusivity for the drug. 

Pediatric Information 

Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2007 PREA ), NDAs or BLAs or supplements to NDAs or BLAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug
for the claimed indication(s) in all relevant pediatric sub-populations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric sub-population
for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise
required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan drug designation has been granted. The Best
Pharmaceuticals for Children Act BPCA provides sponsors of NDAs with an additional six-month period of market exclusivity
for all unexpired patent or non-patent exclusivity on all forms of the drug containing the active moiety if the sponsor submits results
of pediatric studies specifically requested by the FDA under BPCA within required timeframes. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation
Act provides sponsors of BLAs an additional six-month extension for all unexpired non-patent market exclusivity on all forms of the biologic
containing the active moiety pursuant to the BPCA if the conditions under the BPCA are met. 

14 

The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation
Act FDASIA ), which was signed into law on July 9, 2012, amended the FDCA. FDASIA requires that a sponsor who is planning
to submit a marketing application for a drug or biological product that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form,
new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan PSP within sixty days of an end-of-Phase
II meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and FDA. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies
that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or
a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial
waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement
on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered
based on data collected from nonclinical studies, early phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs. 

Expedited Development and Review Programs 

The FDA has a Fast Track program that is intended
to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs and biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs
and biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition
and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the
product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new drug or biologic may request the FDA to designate
the drug or biologic as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development of the product. For a Fast Track designated product,
the FDA may consider for review sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted,
if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application
and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the
application. 

Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing,
including under a Fast Track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such
as priority review and accelerated approval. Fast Track designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards
for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Any product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential
to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment,
diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation
of an application for a new drug or biological product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally,
a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Drug or biological products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating
serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated
approval, which means that they may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the product
has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical
endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biological
product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA currently
requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the
commercial launch of the product. If the FDA concludes that a drug shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use
is restricted, it will require such post-marketing restrictions as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the drug, such as (i) distribution
restricted to certain facilities or physicians with special training or experience or (ii) distribution conditioned on the performance
of specified medical procedures. 

FDASIA established a new category of drugs and
biologics referred to as breakthrough therapies that may be eligible to receive Breakthrough Therapy Designation. A sponsor
may seek FDA designation of a drug or biologic candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or
in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence
indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints,
such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features,
as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. The Breakthrough Therapy Designation is a distinct status from both accelerated
approval and priority review, which can also be granted to the same drug if relevant criteria are met. If a product is designated as breakthrough
therapy, the FDA will expedite the development and review of such drug. All requests for breakthrough therapy designation will be reviewed
within 60 days of receipt, and the FDA will either grant or deny the request. 

15 

The 21st Century Cures Act, enacted in 2016, established
a new expedited approval program for regenerative medicine products, including cell and gene therapies. The Regenerative Medicine Advanced
Therapy RMAT program established an expedited review program to facilitate development and review of regenerative medicine
therapies intended to address an unmet medical need in patients with serious conditions. An investigational drug is eligible for RMAT
designation if: (1) It meets the definition of regenerative medicine therapy (such as a cell therapy or gene therapy); (2) it is intended
to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the regenerative medicine
therapy has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such condition. Advantages of the RMAT designation include all the benefits
of the fast track and breakthrough therapy designation programs, including early interactions with FDA. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw
the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements or standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches
the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal
of the product from the market. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain
manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Drug and biologics manufacturers
and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs and biologics are required to register their establishments
with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for
compliance with cGMP regulations and other laws and regulations. 

U.S. Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 

The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation
Act, or BPCIA, amended the Public Health Service Act to authorize the FDA to approve similar versions of innovative biologics, commonly
known as biosimilars. A competitor seeking approval of a biosimilar must file an application to establish its molecule as highly similar
to an approved innovator biologic, among other requirements. The BPCIA, however, bars the FDA from approving biosimilar applications based
on the Company s data for twelve years after an innovator biological product receives initial marketing approval. This twelve-year
period of data exclusivity may be extended by six months, for a total of twelve and a half years, if the FDA requests that the innovator
company conduct pediatric clinical investigations of the product. 

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics
of the FDA approval of our drug candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug
Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments
permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory
review process. However, patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of fourteen years from the
product s approval date. The patent term extension period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and
the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application up
to a maximum of five years extension. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension, and the application
for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves
the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we intend to apply for extension of the patent term for one
of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date where reasonably obtainable and depending
on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA. 

16 

Marketing exclusivity provisions under the FDCA
can also delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing
exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity
if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible
for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application
(ANDA), or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug
is intended for the same indication as the original innovator drug or for another indication, where the applicant does not own or have
a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains
a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. The FDCA
also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations (other than
bioavailability studies) that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the
application (e.g., new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug). This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification
for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs
for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay
the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of
reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory
market exclusivity in the U.S. under the BPCA. Pediatric exclusivity provides for an additional six months of marketing exclusivity if
a sponsor conducts clinical trials in children as addressed in the section named Pediatric Information above. In addition,
orphan drug exclusivity, as described above, may offer a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity, except in certain circumstances. 

Foreign Regulation 

In addition to regulations in the U.S., we will
be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales
and distribution of our drug candidates. 

Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for our
drug candidates, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of
clinical trials or marketing of the drug candidates in those countries. Certain countries outside of the U.S. have a similar process that
requires the submission of a clinical trial application CTA much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical
trials. In the European Union, for example, a CTA must be submitted to each country s national health authority and an independent
ethics committee, much like the FDA and the IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s requirements,
clinical study development may proceed. 

The requirements and process governing the conduct
of clinical trials, product approval and licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical
trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin
in the Declaration of Helsinki. 

To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational
drug or biological product under European Union regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application. The application
used to file the NDA or BLA in the U.S. is similar to that required in the European Union, with the exception of, among other things,
country-specific document requirements. The European Union also provides opportunities for market exclusivity. For example, in the European
Union, upon receiving marketing authorization, new chemical entities generally receive eight years of data exclusivity and an additional
two years of market exclusivity. If granted, data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the European Union from referencing the
innovator s data to assess a generic application. During the additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing
authorization can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic product can be marketed until the expiration
of the market exclusivity. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the European Union s regulatory authorities
to be a new chemical entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. Products receiving orphan designation in the European
Union can receive ten years of market exclusivity, during which time no similar medicinal product for the same indication may be placed
on the market. An orphan product can also obtain an additional two years of market exclusivity in the European Union for pediatric studies.
No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications. 

17 

The criteria for designating an orphan
medicinal product in the European Union are similar in principle to those in the U.S. Under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) 141/2000,
a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if (1) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening
or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union
when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return
in the European Union to justify investment; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such
condition authorized for marketing in the European Union, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those
affected by the condition, as defined in Regulation (EC) 847/2000. Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such
as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a marketing authorization, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for
the approved therapeutic indication. The application for orphan drug designation must be submitted before the application for marketing
authorization. The applicant will receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan drug designation has
been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan drug designation
does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 

The 10-year market exclusivity may be reduced
to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation,
for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. In addition, marketing authorization
may be granted to a similar product for the same indication at any time if: 

the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; 

the applicant consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or 

the applicant cannot supply enough orphan medicinal products. 

For other countries outside of the European Union,
such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical studies, product licensing
or approval, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical studies are conducted in accordance
with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 

If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory
requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure
of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

Other Regulatory Matters 

Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities
following product approval are also potentially subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including,
in the U.S., the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug
Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health
Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. In the U.S., sales, marketing and scientific/educational
programs must also comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, data privacy
and security and physician payment transparency laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the federal health care program (e.g.
Medicaid) rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively the Affordable Care Act,
as well as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the
General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. The handling of any controlled substances must comply with the
U.S. Controlled Substances Act and Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging
requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities are also potentially
subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

18 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is
subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended
to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 

The failure to comply with regulatory requirements
may subject us to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements
can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension
of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government
contracts. In addition, even if a firm complies with FDA and other requirements, new information regarding the safety or efficacy of a
product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products
marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. 

Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation
of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements;
(ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping
requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 

Reimbursement 

In both domestic and foreign markets, sales and
reimbursement of any approved products will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of such products will be covered by third-party
payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly
challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. The containment of healthcare
costs has become a priority of federal and state governments and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Governments have
shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements
for substitution of generic products. For example, in the U.S. there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and
enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship
between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement
methodologies for drugs. Additionally, in May 2018, the Trump Administration laid out a Blueprint to lower drug prices and
reduce out-of-pocket costs of drugs that contains additional proposals to increase manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating
power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers to lower the list price of their products and reduce the out-of-pocket
costs of drug products paid by consumers. While the Biden Administration has not continued this effort, it has the authority to institute
other actions. In December of 2020, the Trump Administration issued interim final rules focused on attempting to lower drug prices, including
permitting the importation of certain drugs from Canada, most-favored nation pricing for certain drug categories under Medicare Part B
and modifications to the Medicare Part D drug rebate program by modifying the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The Part B most-favored
nation rule was blocked from taking effect on January 4, 2021, by a federal judge stating that the rule was rushed and the public was
not provided time to give comment as required by the Administrative Procedures Act. Then, on December 29, 2021, CMS issued a final rule
that formally rescinded the most-favored nation rule. There is also pending litigation to stay the changes to the Medicare Part D drug
rebate program and the Anti-Kickback Statute. On January 30, 2021, the District Court for the District of Columbia granted the parties 
stipulated request to delay the effective date of the Part D rebate rule to January 1, 2023. On August 7, 2022, Congress passed the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 which delayed the implementation of the changes to the Medicare Part D drug rebate program and the U.S. Federal
Anti-Kickback Statute until January 2032. 

Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
may impact existing Medicare programs that cover prescription drugs. In addition to other relevant provisions, the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 allow the Medicare program to directly negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure prescription drugs covered under Medicare
Parts B and D, starting in the year 2028 and 2026, respectively, by setting certain maximum fair prices. Moreover, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 requires manufacturers to pay rebates to the federal government if prices of certain drugs covered under the Medicare
program rise faster than the rate of inflation. 

19 

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly
passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Within the U.S., if we obtain appropriate approval
in the future to market any of our product candidates, we may seek approval and coverage for those products under Medicaid, Medicare and
the Public Health Service, or PHS, pharmaceutical pricing program and may also seek to sell the products to federal agencies. Medicaid
is a joint federal and state program that is administered by the states for low-income and disabled beneficiaries. Under the Medicaid
Drug Rebate Program, manufacturers are required to pay a rebate for each unit of product reimbursed by the state Medicaid programs. The
amount of the rebate for each product is set by law and may be subject to an additional discount if certain pricing increases more than
inflation. Medicare is a federal program administered by the federal government that covers individuals age 65 and over as well as those
with certain disabilities. Medicare Part D provides coverage to enrolled Medicare patients for self-administered drugs (i.e., drugs that
do not need to be administered by a physician). Medicare Part D is administered by private prescription drug plans approved by the U.S.
government, and each drug plan establishes its own Medicare Part D formulary for prescription drug coverage and pricing, which the drug
plan may modify from time-to-time. Medicare Part B covers most injectable drugs given in an in-patient setting and some drugs administered
by a licensed medical provider in hospital outpatient departments and doctors offices. Medicare Part B is administered by Medicare
Administrative Contractors, which generally have the responsibility of making coverage decisions. Subject to certain payment adjustments
and limits, Medicare generally pays for Part B covered drugs based on a percentage of manufacturer-reported average sales price. Drug
products are subject to discounted pricing when purchased by federal agencies via the Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS. FSS participation
is required for a drug product to be covered and paid for by certain federal agencies and for coverage under Medicaid, Medicare Part B
and the PHS pharmaceutical pricing program. FSS pricing is negotiated periodically with the Department of Veterans Affairs. FSS pricing
is intended to not exceed the price that a manufacturer charges its most-favored non-federal customer for its product. In addition, prices
for drugs purchased by the Veterans Administration, Department of Defense (including drugs purchased by military personnel and dependents
through the TRICARE retail pharmacy program), Coast Guard and PHS are subject to a cap on pricing (known as the federal ceiling
price and may be subject to an additional discount if pricing increases more than inflation. To maintain coverage of drugs under
the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, manufacturers are required to extend discounts to certain purchasers under the PHS pharmaceutical pricing
program. Purchasers eligible for discounts include hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of financially-needy patients, community
health clinics and other entities that receive health services grants from the PHS. 

In March 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or the Affordable Care Act, which included changes
to the coverage and payment for drug products under government health care programs. Since its enactment, there have been judicial and
Congressional challenges to numerous elements of the Affordable Care Act, as well as efforts by both the executive and legislative branches
of the federal government to repeal or replace certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, the former President Trump signed
Executive Orders designed to delay the implementation of certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act or otherwise circumvent some of
the requirements for health insurance mandated by the Affordable Care Act. In addition, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation that
would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the Affordable Care Act. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation,
it has enacted laws that modify certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act, such as removing penalties, starting January 1, 2019, for
not complying with the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate to carry health insurance, delaying the implementation of certain
mandated fees and increasing the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part
D. In December 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because
the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act. Although the
Supreme Court ruled the plaintiffs did not have standing in June of 2021, any other executive, legislative or judicial action to repeal
and replace all or part of the Affordable Care Act may have the effect of limiting the amounts that government agencies will pay
for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure, or may lead
to significant deregulation, which could make the introduction of competing products and technologies much easier. 

Regardless of the future of the Affordable Care
Act provisions, the Congress will continue to debate a range of policies that could impact the prices pharmaceutical companies charge
for products or how much they are reimbursed. 

20 

Environmental Regulation 

In addition to being subject to extensive regulation
by the FDA, we must also comply with environmental regulation insofar as such regulation applies to us or our drug candidates. Our costs
of compliance with environmental regulation as applied to similar pharmaceutical companies are minimal, since we do not currently, nor
do we intend to, engage in the manufacturing of any of our drug candidates. We currently use unaffiliated manufacturers to produce all
of our drug candidate material and receive final material from such manufacturer, without any involvement on our part in the manufacturing
process at any stage of the process. 

Although we believe that our safety procedures
for using, handling, storing and disposing of our drug candidate materials comply with the environmental standards required by state and
federal laws and regulations, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. We do
not carry a specific insurance policy to mitigate this risk to us or to the environment. 

Employees 

At December 31, 2022, we employed four full-time
employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement with our employees, nor are any of our employees a member of any
labor unions. 

To complement our own professional staff, we utilize
specialists in regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, process engineering, manufacturing, quality assurance, preclinical and clinical
development, accounting and business development. These individuals include scientific advisors as well as independent consultants. 

Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by
rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology,
development experience and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different
sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental
agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete
with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. 

Many of our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals,
and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and diagnostic industries may
result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in
recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration
for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early stage companies
may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

The key competitive factors affecting the success of all our product
candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, side effects, convenience, price, the level of generic competition,
and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors
develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are
less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products
more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before
we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors
seeking to encourage the use of generic products. There are many generic products currently on the market for the indications that we
are pursuing, and additional products are expected to become available on a generic basis over the coming years. If our therapeutic product
candidates are approved, we expect that they will be priced at a significant premium over competitive generic products. 

21 

The most common methods of treating patients with cancer are surgery,
radiation and drug therapy, including chemotherapy, hormone therapy, immunotherapy, and targeted drug therapy. There are a variety of
available drug therapies marketed for cancer. In many cases, these drugs are administered in combination to enhance efficacy. To the extent
our product candidates are ultimately used in combination with or as an adjunct to existing drug or other therapies, our product candidates
will not be competitive with them. Some of the currently approved drug therapies are branded and subject to patent protection, and others
are available on a generic basis. Many of these approved drugs are well established therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients
and third-party payors. In general, although there has been considerable progress over the past few decades in the treatment of cancer
and the currently marketed therapies provide benefits to many patients, these therapies all are limited to some extent in their efficacy
and frequency of adverse events, and none of them are successful in treating all patients. As a result, the level of morbidity and mortality
from cancer remains high. 

DNase for pancreatic cancer and solid tumors 

In the field of pancreatic cancer, we will compete with the few, currently
approved treatments for pancreatic carcinoma, including pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma PDAC ). In the first line setting,
Gemcitabine in combination with Abraxane or FOLFIRINOX regimen are the current standard of care. Oncologists have limited
options of existing therapies for second-line metastatic patients. The only FDA-approved second-line treatment is Onivyde 
in combination with Fluorouracil (5FU) and leucovorin (LV) for gemcitabine-treated patients. In addition to chemotherapy, Merck s
KEYTRUDA was approved for MSI-H cancers (approximately 1 of all cases) and Lynparza was approved for
maintenance of BRCA mutated pancreatic cancer (approximately 7 of all cases). 

In the last years there have been a number of late-stage clinical failures
of compounds for advanced PDAC. Most of these failed trials have been based on a single promising endpoint. There are very few compounds
in advanced stages of development in PDAC. 

With respect to other solid tumors, there are a large number of companies
developing treatments intended to be used in combination with approved immunotherapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors, to treat
a variety of solid tumor indications. 

XCART for B-cell lymphomas 

There are a number of CAR T therapies approved
in the U.S. and EU including Novartis Kymriah (tisagenlecleucel); Gilead Sciences, Inc. s and Kite Pharma s Yescarta
(axicabtagene ciloleucel) and Tecartus (brexucabtagene autoleucel); Bristol Myers Squibb s Breyanzi (lisocabtagene maraleucel) and
Abecma (idecabtagene vicleucel); and Janssen s Carvykti (ciltacabtagene autoleucel). In addition, there are over one-hundred CAR
T therapy products in development with a significant number being allogeneic and off-the-shelf cell therapies. In addition, depending
on the diseases that our CAR T therapies target, we may face competition in the indication of interest from both CAR T therapies and other
modalities such as small molecules and antibodies. T-cell based treatments for cancer, such as CAR T and TCR therapies, have recently
been an area of significant research and development by academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies. 

PSA for Drug Delivery 

Current competing platforms include PEGylation,
Fc-fusion, albumin-fusion, HESylation, PASylation, and CTP-fusion, among others as well as those of academic institutions and other smaller
pharmaceutical companies engaged in drug development. In addition to competing with universities and other research institutions in the
development of drug products, therapies, technologies and processes, we may compete with other companies in acquiring rights to products
or technologies from universities. 

22 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.xeneticbio.com. The
information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available, free of charge, on
or through our website as soon as practicable after we electronically file such forms, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains
an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. 

In addition to disclosing current information
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and for reports of information required to be disclosed by Regulation FD through our
SEC filings, we also intend to disclose such current information through our investor relations website, press releases, public conference
calls and webcasts. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to numerous risks.
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report
as well as our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and
Capital Requirements 

We have never been profitable and may never
achieve or sustain profitability. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue from our operations to pay expenses or we are unable
to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected . 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
with a limited operating history. Pharmaceutical product and technology development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a
substantial degree of risk. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have generated only limited revenue to date. Prior to
April 2022, we focused primarily on pre-clinical development efforts associated with our XCART technology. With the licensing of the DNase
oncology platform from CLS in April 2022, our primary focus is now on advancing that technology via partnering opportunities or through
regulatory approval and commercialization. We expect to continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related
to our ongoing operations. As a result, we have never been profitable and we may not achieve profitability in the foreseeable future,
if at all. Our ability to generate profits in the future will depend on a number of factors, including: 

Funding the costs relating to the research and development, regulatory approval, commercialization and sale and marketing of our drug candidates and technologies; 

Market acceptance of our drug candidates and technologies; 

Costs of acquiring and developing new drug candidates and technologies; 

Ability to bring our drug candidates to market; 

General and administrative costs relating to our operations; 

Increases in our research and development costs; 

Charges related to purchases of technology or other assets; 

Establishing, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights; 

Attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel; and 

Our ability to raise additional capital. 

23 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 189.1 million. We expect to incur additional significant operating losses as we expand our research and development
activities and our commercialization, marketing and sales efforts. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications,
delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. In addition, because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with pharmaceutical product development, including that our current drug candidates may not achieve the clinical endpoints
of applicable trials, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses and if or when we will achieve or maintain profitability.
If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue from our operations to pay expenses or we are unable to obtain additional financing on
commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We will require substantial additional funding
to achieve our goals. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit
or terminate our product development efforts, other operations or commercialization efforts. 

Developing drug candidates is an expensive, risky
and lengthy process, and we expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the
research and development of, initiate clinical trials of, and seek marketing approval for, our drug candidates. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately
 13.1 million. We expect that we will require additional capital to commence and complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approval
for, and to commercialize, our drug candidates, including our other preclinical drug candidates and our future drug candidates. However,
our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than
planned. Additional funding may come through public or private equity or debt financings, third-party funding, marketing and distribution
arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements (or a combination of these approaches). In any event,
we will require additional capital to pursue preclinical and clinical activities, pursue regulatory approval for, and to commercialize,
our longer term pipeline drug candidates. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may
seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations. 

Our ability to raise additional funds will depend
on financial, economic, political, and market conditions and other factors over which we may have no or limited control. Market volatility
resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other factors, such as geopolitical tension, including the recent Russian invasion of
Ukraine, and any resulting sanctions, export controls or other restrictive actions, could also adversely impact our ability to access
capital as and when needed. Additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms and at a cost that are acceptable to us,
or at all. 

Any additional fundraising efforts may divert
our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our drug candidates.
In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
Moreover, the terms of any financing may negatively impact the holdings or the rights of our stockholders, and the issuance of additional
securities (whether equity or debt) by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The
incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive
covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual
property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 

If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely
basis, we may be required to significantly curtail, delay or discontinue our pre-clinical development program or the commercialization
of any drug candidates. We may also be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired,
which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

24 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity and debt financings, as well as selectively continuing
to enter into collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not currently have any committed external source of
funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, equity interests will
be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders.
Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Such debt financing may also be secured by all
or a portion of our assets. 

If we raise funds by selectively continuing to
enter into collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish additional valuable
rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or drug candidates, or we may have to grant licenses on terms that
may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required
to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market
drug candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. If we are unable to raise additional funds through collaborations,
strategic alliances or licensing arrangements, we may be required to terminate product development or future commercialization efforts
or to cease operations altogether. 

Risks Related to the Discovery and Development
of our Pharmaceutical Products 

Our business is substantially dependent
on the success of the DNase oncology platform. 

Our business will substantially depend on the
successful clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of the DNase oncology platform. It will require substantial
clinical development and regulatory approval efforts before we are permitted to commence its commercialization, if ever. We have, and
plan to continue to pursue our clinical development strategy through academic and strategic collaborations. If we have difficulty maintaining,
obtaining, or are unable to obtain these collaborations and additional academic collaborations as planned, we may need to delay, limit
or terminate any ongoing or planned clinical development, which would have an adverse effect on our business. The clinical trials and
manufacturing and marketing of DNase and any other product candidates will be subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation
by numerous government authorities in the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions where we intend to test and, if approved, market
our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must demonstrate through
preclinical testing and clinical trials that the product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication and potentially
in specific patient populations. This process can take many years and may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which would
require the expenditure of substantial resources beyond the proceeds we have currently raised. Of the large number of drugs in development
for approval in the U.S. and the European Union, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or European Medicines Agency regulatory-approval
processes, as applicable, and are commercialized. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing or identify an academic
or strategic collaboration partner to continue to fund our research, development and clinical programs, we cannot assure you that DNase
or any of our other product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. 

25 

We are an early stage company in the business
of developing pharmaceutical products including drug candidates and technologies. Given the uncertainty of such development, our business
operations may never fully materialize and create value for investors. 

We have invested substantially all of our efforts
and financial resources in developing our products, and we currently do not have any products that have gained marketing approval. Our
revenues to date consist primarily of collaboration and royalty revenue from a single partner and not from product sales. Our ability
to generate product revenues, which may not occur for several years, if ever, will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization
of our drug candidates. We currently generate royalty revenue under a sub-license agreement but do not have revenue from sales of any
drugs, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable drug. Each of our drug candidates will require development, management
of development and manufacturing activities, marketing approval in multiple jurisdictions, obtaining manufacturing supply, building of
a commercial organization, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from drug sales. We
have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies
in new and rapidly-evolving fields, particularly in the pharmaceutical area. For example, to execute our business plan we will need to
successfully: 

Execute development activities for our drug candidates, including successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 

Obtain required marketing approvals for the development and commercialization of our drug candidates; 

Obtain and maintain patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our drug candidates; 

Protect, leverage and expand our intellectual property portfolio; 

Establish and maintain clinical and commercial manufacturing capabilities or make arrangements with third-party manufacturers for clinical and commercial manufacturing; 

Build and maintain robust sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, either on our own or in collaboration with strategic partners, if our drug candidates are approved; 

Gain acceptance for our drug candidates, if approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

Effectively compete with other therapies; 

Obtain and maintain healthcare coverages and adequate reimbursement; 

Maintain a continued acceptable safety profile for our drug candidates following approval; 

Develop and maintain any strategic relationships we elect to enter into, if any; 

Enforce and defend intellectual property rights and claims; and 

Manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to preclinical development, clinical trials, marketing approvals and commercialization. 

We may find it difficult to enroll patients
in our clinical studies, which could delay or prevent clinical studies of our pharmaceutical products. 

Identifying and qualifying patients to participate
in clinical studies of our pharmaceutical products is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical studies depends on the speed
at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our pharmaceutical products. We may experience delays. If patients are unwilling
to participate in our clinical studies because of negative publicity from adverse events in the biopharmaceutical industries or for other
reasons, including competitive clinical studies for similar patient populations, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting studies
and obtaining regulatory approval of potential products may be delayed. These delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing
our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical studies altogether. 

26 

We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll
a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics to achieve diversity in a study, to complete our clinical
studies in a timely manner. Patient enrollment is affected by many factors, including: 

Severity of the disease under investigation; 

Real or perceived availability of alternative treatments; 

Size and nature of the patient population; 

Eligibility criteria for and design of the trial in question; 

Perceived risks and benefits of the drug candidate under study; 

Proximity and availability of clinical sites for prospective patients; 

Ongoing clinical trials of potentially competitive agents; 

Physicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of our drug candidates being studied in relation to available therapies or other products under development; 

Our CRO s and our trial sites efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

Patient referral practices of physicians; and 

The need to monitor patients and collect patient data adequately during and after treatment. 

We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical
studies if we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in the clinical studies required by the FDA or other
regulatory agencies. Our ability to successfully initiate, enroll and complete a clinical study in any foreign country is subject to numerous
risks unique to conducting business in foreign countries, including: 

Difficulty in establishing or managing relationships with CROs and physicians; 

Different standards for the conduct of clinical studies; 

Our inability to locate qualified local consultants, physicians and partners; and 

The potential burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, medical standards and regulatory requirements, including the regulation of pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and treatment. 

If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number
of patients to conduct our clinical studies as planned, we may need to delay, limit or terminate ongoing or planned clinical studies,
any of which would have an adverse effect on our business. 

27 

We may encounter substantial delays in commencement,
enrollment or completion of our clinical trials, or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory
authorities, which could prevent us from commercializing our current and future drug candidates on a timely basis, if at all. 

Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory
authorities for the sale of our current and future drug candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety
and efficacy of the drug candidates. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule,
if at all. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion
of clinical development include: 

Delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 

Delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical study sites; 

Delays in obtaining required IRB, or Independent Ethics Committee approval at each clinical study site; 

Delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical studies; 

Imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, including after an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; 

Failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical study requirements; 

Failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s GCP or applicable regulatory requirements in other countries; 

Delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of our drug candidates to the clinical sites; 

Delays in having patients complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

Clinical study sites or patients dropping out of a study; 

Clinical trial results may fail to demonstrate the safety and/or efficacy of the drug candidate; 

Occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the drug candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; or 

Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols. 

Any inability to successfully complete preclinical
studies and clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory
and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our drug candidates, we
may need to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified drug candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays also could shorten
any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring products
to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If the results of our clinical studies are inconclusive
or if there are safety concerns or adverse events associated with our pharmaceutical products, we may: 

Be delayed in obtaining marketing approval or licenses for our drug candidates, if we receive them at all; 

Obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

Obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 

Be subject to changes with the way the product is administered; 

Be required to perform additional clinical studies to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 

Have regulatory authorities withdraw their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation strategy; 

Be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 

Be sued; or 

Experience damage to our reputation. 

As described above, any of these events could
prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our pharmaceutical products and impair our ability to generate revenues. 

28 

If we complete the necessary preclinical
and clinical studies, we cannot predict when or if we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a drug candidate, or the approval
may be for a more narrow indication than we expect. 

A drug candidate cannot be commercialized until
the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the drug candidate. Even if our drug candidates demonstrate safety and
efficacy in clinical studies, the regulatory agencies may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able
to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA Advisory Committee or other regulatory advisory group or authority
recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or rejections based upon additional government
regulation from future legislation or administrative action or changes in regulatory agency policy during the period of product development,
clinical studies and the review process. Regulatory agencies also may approve a drug candidate for fewer or more limited indications than
requested or may grant approval subject to the performance of post-marketing studies. In addition, regulatory agencies may not approve
the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our drug candidates. Failure to obtain, or
a delay in obtaining, regulatory approval to commercialize a drug candidate will impair our ability to generate revenues and harm our
business prospects. 

If we obtain regulatory approval for a drug
candidate, our drug candidate will remain subject to regulatory scrutiny. 

If our drug candidates are approved, they will
be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping,
conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state
requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

Manufacturers and manufacturing facilities are
required to comply with extensive FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control
and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance
with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, BLA or marketing authorization application MAA ). Accordingly, we
and our collaborators and suppliers must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing,
production and quality control. 

Any regulatory approvals that we or our collaboration
partners receive for our drug candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed
or to the conditions of approval or may contain requirements for potentially costly additional clinical trials and surveillance to monitor
the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate. We will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any,
to the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Any new legislation addressing drug safety or other issues related to regulatory
review and approval could result in delays in product development or commercialization or increased costs to assure compliance. We will
have to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription
drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s
approved label. As such, we are not allowed to promote our products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. If our
drug candidates are approved, we must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain approval for certain changes to the approved
products, product labeling or manufacturing process. We could also be asked to conduct post-marketing clinical trials to verify the safety
and efficacy of our products in general or in specific patient subsets. An unsuccessful post-marketing study or failure to complete such
a study could result in the withdrawal of marketing approval. 

29 

If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown
problems with an approved product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency or problems with our manufacturing facilities,
or if a regulatory agency disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, such regulatory agency may impose restrictions
on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may, among other things: 

Issue untitled and warning letters; 

Impose civil or criminal penalties; 

Suspend or withdraw regulatory approval or revoke a license; 

Suspend or hold any of our ongoing clinical trials; 

Refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; 

Impose restrictions on our operations, including closing our manufacturing facilities; or 

Seize or detain products or require a product recall. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations
of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply
with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our
products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of the Company and our operating results
will be negatively impacted. 

The commercial success of any current or
future pharmaceutical products will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others
in the medical community. 

Even with the requisite approvals, the commercial
success of our pharmaceutical products will depend in part on the medical community, patients and third-party payors accepting our pharmaceutical
products as medically useful, cost-effective and safe. Any pharmaceutical product that we, or our partners, bring to the market may not
gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors or others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance
of these pharmaceutical products, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

The effectiveness of our approved drug candidates as compared to currently available products; 

Patient willingness to adopt our approved drug candidates in place of current therapies; 

Our ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 

Relative convenience and ease of administration; 

The prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; 

Restrictions on use in combination with other products; 

Availability of alternative treatments; 

Pricing and cost-effectiveness assuming either competitive or potential premium pricing requirements, based on the profile of our drug candidates and target markets; 

Effectiveness of our or our partners sales and marketing strategy; 

Our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; and 

Potential product liability claims. 

Even if a potential product displays a favorable
efficacy and safety profile in preclinical and clinical studies, market acceptance of the product will not be known until after it is
launched. Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of the pharmaceutical products may require
a significant amount of resources and may never be successful. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may
not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. 

30 

The commercial potential of a pharmaceutical
candidate in development is difficult to predict. If the market size for a new drug candidate or technology is significantly smaller than
we anticipate, it could significantly and negatively impact our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. 

It is very difficult to estimate the commercial
potential of pharmaceutical products due to important factors, such as safety and efficacy compared to other available technologies or
treatments, including changing standards of care, third-party payor reimbursement standards, patient and physician preferences, the availability
of competitive alternatives that may emerge either during the long drug development process or after commercial introduction and the availability
of generic versions of our successful drug candidates following approval by government health authorities, based on the expiration of
regulatory exclusivity or our inability to prevent generic versions from coming to market by asserting our patents. If due to these factors,
or others, the market potential for a pharmaceutical product is lower than we anticipated, it could significantly and negatively impact
the commercial terms of any collaboration partnership potential for such pharmaceutical product or, if we have already entered into a
collaboration for such pharmaceutical product, the revenue potential from royalty and milestone payments could be significantly diminished,
which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage
and reimbursement for our drug candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate
revenue. 

The success of our drug candidates, if approved,
depends on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. In addition, because our drug candidates represent
new approaches to the treatment of certain diseases, we cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately
estimate the potential revenue from, our drug candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that
we may develop. 

Patients who are provided medical treatment for
their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate
coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors are critical to
new product acceptance. 

Government authorities and third-party payors,
such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount
of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor s
determination that use of a product is: 

A covered benefit under its health plan; 

Safe, effective and medically necessary; 

Appropriate for the specific patient; 

Cost-effective; and 

Neither experimental nor investigational. 

In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage
and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors and their contracted pharmacy benefit managers that manage prescription
benefits for such payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party
payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness
data for the use of our products on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained.
Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain
profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors and their pharmacy benefit
managers may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of our gene-modifying
products. Patients are unlikely to use our drug candidates unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant
portion of the cost of our drug candidates. There is significant uncertainty related to insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly-approved
products. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for
our drug candidates. 

31 

Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and
third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage
and the level of reimbursement for newly-approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our drug
candidates. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our drug candidates due to the trend toward
managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, cost containment initiatives and additional legislative
changes. 

We intend to seek approval to market our drug
candidates in both the United States and in select foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for
our drug candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, the pricing of pharmaceutical
products is subject to governmental control and other market regulations which could put pressure on the pricing and usage of our drug
candidates. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing
approval of a drug candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our drug candidates will depend significantly on the availability
of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our drug candidates and may be affected by existing and future health
care reform measures. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our drug candidates, if approved, could limit
our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 

We may use our financial and human resources
to pursue a particular research program or drug candidate and fail to capitalize on programs or drug candidates that may be more profitable
or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because we have limited resources, we may forego
or delay pursuit of opportunities with certain programs, drug candidates or for indications that later prove to have greater commercial
potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities.
Our spending on current and future research and development programs for drug candidates may not yield any commercially viable products.
If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular drug candidate, we may relinquish valuable
rights to that drug candidate through strategic collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have
been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such drug candidate, or we may allocate internal
resources to a drug candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement.
Failure to pursue opportunities with greater commercial potential or relinquishing valuable rights to drug candidates may adversely impact
our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We may not be successful in our efforts
to identify or discover additional pharmaceutical products. 

The success of our business depends primarily
upon our ability to identify and develop pharmaceutical products. Our research programs may fail to identify potential pharmaceutical
products for clinical development for a number of reasons. Our research methodology may be unsuccessful in identifying potential pharmaceutical
products, or our potential pharmaceutical products may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may
make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. 

If any of these events occur, we may be forced
to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially
cause us to cease operations. Research programs to identify new pharmaceutical products require substantial technical, financial and human
resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or pharmaceutical products that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful.
If we are not successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional pharmaceutical products, it could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and prospects. 

32 

The market opportunities for our drug candidates
may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small. 

Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as
first line, second line or third line, and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for third line use. When cancer is detected
early enough, first line therapy is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Whenever first line therapy,
which usually consists of chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery or a combination of these, proves unsuccessful, second line therapy may
be administered. Second line therapies often consist of more chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor targeted small molecules or
a combination of these. Third line therapies can include bone marrow transplantation, antibody and small molecule targeted therapies,
more invasive forms of surgery and new technologies. In markets with approved therapies, we expect to initially seek approval of our drug
candidates as a later stage therapy for patients who have failed other approved treatments. Subsequently, for those drugs that prove to
be sufficiently beneficial, if any, we would expect to seek approval as a second line therapy and potentially as a first line therapy,
but there is no guarantee that our drug candidates, even if approved, would be approved for second line or first line therapy. In addition,
we may have to conduct additional clinical trials prior to gaining approval for second line or first line therapy. 

Our projections of both the number of people who
have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of people with these cancers in a position to receive later stage therapy and
who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our drug candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have
been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research and
may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients
may turn out to be lower than expected. In addition, the potentially addressable patient population for our drug candidates may be limited
or may not be amenable to treatment with our drug candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our drug candidates, we may
never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications, including use as a first or second line
therapy, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate
the safety and efficacy of our pharmaceutical drug candidates and could prevent or significantly delay regulatory approval. 

Before receiving NDA or BLA approval to commercialize
a drug candidate, we must demonstrate to the FDA, with substantial evidence from well-controlled clinical trials, that the drug candidate
is both safe and effective or the biologic is safe, pure and potent. If these trials or future clinical trials are unsuccessful, our business
and reputation could be harmed and our stock price could be adversely affected. 

Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical
development. Clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we or any of our current and future collaborators may decide,
or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical or preclinical testing. We will be required to demonstrate with substantial
evidence through well-controlled clinical trials that our drug candidates are as safe and effective for use in a specific patient population
as the respective reference products before we can seek regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. Success in early clinical trials
does not mean that future larger registration clinical trials will be successful because drug candidates in later-stage clinical trials
may fail to demonstrate equivalent safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies despite having progressed
through initial clinical trials. Drug candidates that have shown promising results in early clinical trials may still fail in subsequent
confirmatory clinical trials. Similarly, the outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success
of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A number of companies in the
pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in advanced
clinical trials, even after obtaining promising results in earlier clinical trials. 

In addition, the design of a clinical trial can
determine whether its results will support approval of a product, and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent
until the clinical trial is well advanced. We may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval. In
some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different trials of the same drug candidate
due to numerous factors, including but not limited to, changes in trial protocols, differences in size and type of the patient populations,
adherence to the dosing regimen and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. 

Because of these risks, our research and development
efforts, and those of our collaborative partners, may not result in any commercially viable products. If a significant portion of these
development efforts is not successfully completed, or if required regulatory approvals are not obtained by us or our partners, or any
approved products are not commercially successful, we may not generate significant revenues or become profitable. 

33 

We may fail to obtain orphan drug designations
from the FDA for our drug candidates, and even if we obtain such designations, we may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with
orphan drug designation, including the potential for market exclusivity. 

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan
drug designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as one occurring in a patient population
of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable
expectation that the cost of developing the drug or biologic will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States,
orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs,
tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval
for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not
approve any other applications, including a full NDA or BLA, to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years,
except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the manufacturer
is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. 

We may seek to obtain orphan drug designation
for our active drug candidates for any qualifying indications they may be approved for in the future. Even if we obtain such designations,
we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of our drug candidate for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties
associated with developing pharmaceutical products. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we
seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication, or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request
for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs
of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may
not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same
condition. Even after an orphan product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same active moiety for the
same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan
drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug, nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory
review or approval process. In addition, even if we seek orphan drug designation for our drug candidates, we may never receive such designations. 

Healthcare legislative reform measures may
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In both the United States and certain foreign
jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory enactments in recent years that change the healthcare system in
ways that could impact our future ability to sell our drug candidates profitably. 

Furthermore, there have been and continue to be
a number of initiatives at the federal and state level that seek to reduce healthcare costs. Most significantly, in March 2010, the Patient
Protection and Affordable Health Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA ),
was signed into law, which includes measures that significantly change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
insurers. In January 2017, Congress voted to adopt a budget resolution for fiscal year 2017, or the Budget Resolution, that authorizes
the implementation of legislation that would repeal portions of the ACA. In addition, on January 20, 2017, former President Trump signed
an Executive Order directing federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the ACA to waive, defer, grant exemptions from,
or delay the implementation of any provision of the ACA that would impose a fiscal or regulatory burden on states, individuals, healthcare
providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices. Further, on October 12, 2017, former President Trump
issued another executive order requiring the Secretaries of HHA and the Departments of Labor and Treasury to consider proposing regulations
or revising existing guidance to allow more employers to form association health plans that would be allowed to provide coverage across
state lines, increase the availability of short-term, limited-duration health insurance plans, which are generally not subject to the
requirements of the ACA, and increase the availability and permitted use of health reimbursement arrangements. On October 13, 2017, the
Department of Justice announced that HHS was immediately stopping its cost sharing reduction payments to insurance companies based on
the determination that those payments had not been appropriated by Congress. Furthermore, on December 22, 2017, former President Trump
signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA into law that, in addition to overhauling the federal tax system, also, effective
as of January 1, 2019, repeals the penalties associated with the individual mandate. Congress or the President of the United States also
could consider subsequent legislation or executive action to replace, eliminate or reaffirm elements of the ACA. We will continue to evaluate
the effect that the ACA and any future measures to modify, repeal, replace or reaffirm the ACA have on our business. 

34 

Additionally, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
may impact existing Medicare programs that cover prescription drugs. In addition to other relevant provisions, the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 allow the Medicare program to directly negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure prescription drugs covered under Medicare
Parts B and D, starting in the year 2028 and 2026, respectively, by setting certain maximum fair prices. Moreover, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 requires manufacturers to pay rebates to the federal government if prices of certain drugs covered under the Medicare
program rise faster than the rate of inflation. We will continue to evaluate the effects that the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 will
have on our business. 

We are not able to provide any assurance that
the continued healthcare reform debate will not result in legislation, regulation, litigation or executive action by the President of
the United States that is adverse to our business. 

Laws and other reform and cost containment measures
that may be proposed and adopted in the future remain uncertain but may contain provisions that restrict our ability to price our products
and/or could result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our
future customers and, accordingly, our ability to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third-Parties 

We may seek to establish additional collaborations
and, if we are not able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, we may have to alter our development and commercialization
plans. 

Our drug candidate development programs and the
potential commercialization of our drug candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. For some of our drug candidates,
we may decide to collaborate with additional pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for the development and potential commercialization
of those drug candidates. 

We face significant competition in seeking appropriate
collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for any additional collaborations will depend, among other things, upon our assessment
of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s
evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by FDA
or similar regulatory authorities outside the U.S., the potential market for the subject drug candidate, the costs and complexities of
manufacturing and delivering such drug candidate to patients, the potential of competing drugs, the existence of uncertainty with respect
to our ownership of technology (which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge)
and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative drug candidates or technologies for similar
indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for
our drug candidate. The terms of any additional collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. 

We may also be restricted under existing collaboration
agreements from entering into future agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. Collaborations are complex and time-consuming
to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical
companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 

We may not be able to negotiate additional collaborations
on a timely basis on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the drug candidate
for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay
its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities or increase our expenditures and undertake development
or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization
activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we
do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our drug candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 

35 

If conflicts arise between us and our collaborators
or strategic partners, these parties may act in their self-interest, which may limit our ability to implement our strategies. 

If conflicts arise between our corporate or academic
collaborators or strategic partners and us, the other party may act in its self-interest, which may limit our ability to implement our
strategies. Some of our academic collaborators and strategic partners are conducting multiple product development efforts within each
area that is the subject of the collaboration with us. Our collaborators or strategic partners, however, may develop, either alone or
with others, products in related fields that are competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations.
Competing products, either developed by the collaborators or strategic partners or to which the collaborators or strategic partners have
rights, may result in the withdrawal of partner support for our drug candidates. 

Some of our collaborators or strategic partners
could also become our competitors in the future. Our collaborators or strategic partners could develop competing products, preclude us
from entering into collaborations with their competitors, fail to obtain timely regulatory approvals, terminate their agreements with
us prematurely, or fail to devote sufficient resources to the development and commercialization of products. Any of these developments
could harm our product development efforts, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We expect to rely on third parties to conduct,
supervise and monitor our clinical studies, and if these third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, it may harm our business. 

We rely on CROs, clinical investigators
and clinical study sites to ensure our clinical studies are conducted properly and on time. We will have limited influence over the performance
by CROs, clinical investigators and clinical study sites, and we will control only certain aspects of our CROs activities. Nevertheless,
we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and
regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.
Furthermore, facilities used by these third party CROs, clinical investigators and clinical study sites may be negatively affected by
catastrophic events, such as pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, terrorist attacks, wars or other armed conflicts, geopolitical
tensions, such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions and other economic disruptions or concerns, natural
disasters, such as floods or fire, or such facilities could face manufacturing issues, such as contamination or regulatory concerns following
a regulatory inspection of such facility. In such instances, we may need to locate an appropriate replacement third-party facility and
establish a contractual relationship, which may not be readily available or on acceptable terms, which would cause additional delay and
increased expense, including as a result of additional required FDA approvals, and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We, our clinical investigators, and our CROs are
required to comply with the FDA s GCPs for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that the
data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants
are protected. The FDA enforces these GCPs through periodic inspections of study sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial
sites. If we, our CROs or the clinical investigators fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical
trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving any marketing applications.
Upon inspection, the FDA may determine that our clinical trials did not comply with GCPs. In addition, our future clinical trials will
require a sufficient number of test subjects to evaluate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates. Accordingly, if our CROs or clinical
investigators fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of patients, we may be required to repeat such
clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

Our CROs are not our employees, and we are therefore
unable to directly monitor whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our clinical and nonclinical programs, which must
be conducted in accordance with GCPs and GLPs, respectively. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including
our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical studies or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive
position. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines or the quality
or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements
(or for any other reasons), our clinical studies may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval
for, or successfully commercialize, our pharmaceutical products. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our
pharmaceutical products would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. 

We may also rely on other third parties to store
and distribute our products for any clinical studies that we may conduct. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could
delay clinical development or marketing approval of our pharmaceutical products or commercialization of our products, if approved, producing
additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 

36 

Our collaborators or strategic partners
may decide to adopt alternative technologies or may be unable to develop commercially viable products with our technology, which would
negatively impact our revenues and our strategy to develop these products. 

Our collaborators or strategic partners may adopt
alternative technologies, which could decrease the marketability of our products. Additionally, because our current or future collaborators
or strategic partners are likely to be working on more than one development project, they could choose to shift their resources to projects
other than those they are working on with us. If they do so, this would delay our ability to test our technology and would delay or terminate
the development of potential products based on our platforms. Further, our collaborators and strategic partners may elect not to develop
products arising out of our collaborative and strategic partnering arrangements or to devote sufficient resources to the development,
manufacturing, marketing or sale of these products. The failure to develop and commercialize a drug candidate pursuant to our agreements
with our current or future collaborator would prevent us from receiving future milestone and royalty payments, which would negatively
impact our revenues. 

If we enter into one or more collaborations,
we may be required to relinquish important rights to and control over the development of our drug candidates or otherwise be subject to
unfavorable terms. 

Any future collaborations we enter into could
subject us to a number of risks, including: 

We may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators devote to the development or commercialization of our drug candidates; 

Collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding, terminate a clinical trial or abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new version of a drug candidate for clinical testing; 

Collaborators may not pursue further development and commercialization of products resulting from the strategic partnering arrangement or may elect to discontinue research and development programs; 

Collaborators may not commit adequate resources to the marketing and distribution of our drug candidates, limiting our potential revenues from these products; 

Disputes may arise between us and our collaborators that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our drug candidates or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management s attention and consumes resources; 

Collaborators may experience financial difficulties; 

Collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in a manner that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

Business combinations or significant changes in a collaborator s business strategy may also adversely affect a collaborator s willingness or ability to complete its obligations under any arrangement; 

Collaborators could decide to move forward with a competing drug candidate developed either independently or in collaboration with others, including our competitors; and 

Collaborators could terminate the arrangement or allow it to expire, which would delay the development and may increase the cost of developing our drug candidates. 

37 

We have no manufacturing, sales, marketing
or distribution capabilities, and we may have to invest a significant amount of resources to develop these capabilities. 

We have no internal manufacturing capabilities.
As a result, for manufacturing we depend on third-party manufacturers. Our strategy is based on leveraging the ability of collaboration
partners to develop and manufacture our products for commercialization in the pharmaceutical marketplace, and we will be dependent on
collaborations with drug development and manufacturing collaborators. If we are not able to maintain existing collaborative arrangements
or establish new arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we would be required to undertake product manufacturing and development
activities at our own expense. This would increase our capital requirements or require us to limit the scope of our development activities.
Moreover, we have limited or no experience in conducting full-scale bioequivalence or other clinical studies, preparing and submitting
regulatory applications and distributing and marketing pharmaceutical products. As such, we are reliant on contract parties for such efforts.
We may not be able to enter into collaborations or hire consultants or external service providers to assist us in sales, marketing and
distribution functions on acceptable financial terms, or at all. 

If any of our developmental collaborators breach
or terminate their agreements with us or otherwise fail to conduct their collaborative activities in a timely manner, the preclinical
and/or clinical development and/or commercialization of our pharmaceutical products will be delayed and we would be required to devote
additional resources to product development and commercialization or terminate certain development programs. Also, a license relationship
may be terminated at the discretion of our collaborator, or at the end of contract terms, and in some cases with only limited notice to
us. The termination of the collaborative arrangement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. There also can be no assurance that disputes will not arise with respect to the ownership of rights to any technology developed
with third parties. These and other possible disagreements with collaborators could lead to delays in the development or commercialization
of our pharmaceutical products or could result in litigation or arbitration, which could be time-consuming and expensive and could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we decide to perform clinical trials,
sales, marketing and distribution functions ourselves, we could face a number of additional related risks, including: 

We may not be able to attract clinical investigators and build effective clinical trials or a solid marketing department or sales force; 

The cost of establishing an internal clinical trials program, marketing department or sales force may exceed our available financial resources and the revenue generated by any of our current product candidates, if approved, or any other pharmaceutical products that we may develop, in-license or acquire; and 

Our direct sales and marketing efforts may not be successful. 

Any failure to perform such activities could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations. 

Our reliance on third parties requires us
to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated
or disclosed. 

Because we rely on third parties to manufacture
our pharmaceutical products, and because we collaborate with various organizations and academic institutions on the development of our
pharmaceutical products, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering
into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements
or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary
information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as
trade secrets. The need to share trade secrets and other confidential information when working with third parties increases the risk that
such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used
in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s
discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

38 

In addition, these agreements typically restrict
the ability of our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets. Our academic
collaborators typically have rights to publish data, provided that we are notified in advance and may delay publication for a specified
time in order to secure our intellectual property rights arising from the collaboration. In other cases, publication rights are controlled
exclusively by us, although in some cases we may share these rights with other parties. We may also conduct joint research and development
programs that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development partnerships or similar agreements.
Our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of these agreements, independent development or publication of information
including our trade secrets in cases where we do not have proprietary or otherwise protected rights at the time of publication. A competitor s
discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business. 

Our contract manufacturers are subject to
significant regulation with respect to manufacturing our products. The manufacturing facilities on which we rely may not continue to meet
regulatory requirements and have limited capacity. 

We currently have relationships with a limited
number of suppliers for the manufacturing of our pharmaceutical products. Each supplier may require licenses to manufacture components
if such processes are not owned by the supplier or in the public domain, and we may be unable to transfer or sublicense the intellectual
property rights we may have with respect to such activities. 

All entities involved in the preparation of pharmaceutical
products for clinical studies or commercial sale, including our existing contract manufacturers for our drug candidates, are subject to
extensive regulation. Components of a finished pharmaceutical product approved for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical studies
must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures (including record keeping)
and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the quality of investigational products and products approved
for sale. Poor control of production processes can lead to the introduction of adventitious agents or other contaminants or to inadvertent
changes in the properties or stability of our pharmaceutical products that may not be detectable in final product testing. Our contract
manufacturers must supply all necessary documentation in support of an NDA or BLA on a timely basis and must adhere to the FDA s
GLP and cGMP regulations enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. The facilities and quality systems of some or
all of our third-party contractors must pass a pre-approval inspection for compliance with the applicable regulations as a condition of
regulatory approval of our pharmaceutical products or any of our other potential products. In addition, the regulatory authorities may,
at any time, audit or inspect a manufacturing facility involved with the preparation of our pharmaceutical products or our other potential
products or the associated quality systems for compliance with the regulations applicable to the activities being conducted. If these
facilities do not pass a pre-approval plant inspection, FDA approval of the products will not be granted. 

The regulatory authorities also may, at any time
following approval of a product for sale, audit the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contractors. If any such inspection or
audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations or if a violation of our product specifications or applicable regulations
occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, we, or the relevant regulatory authority, may require remedial measures that may be
costly and/or time-consuming for us or a third party to implement and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical
study or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure of a facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon third parties with
whom we contract could materially harm our business. 

If our third-party manufacturers fail to maintain
regulatory compliance, the FDA can impose regulatory sanctions including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application
for a drug candidate or revocation of a pre-existing approval. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially harmed. 

Additionally, if supply from one approved manufacturer
is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply. The number of manufacturers with the necessary manufacturing
capabilities is limited. In addition, an alternative manufacturer would need to be qualified through an NDA or BLA supplement which could
result in further delay. The regulatory agencies may also require additional studies if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial
production. Switching manufacturers may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial
timelines, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. 

39 

These factors could cause the delay of clinical
studies, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of our pharmaceutical products and/or cause us to incur higher
costs and prevent us from commercializing our products successfully. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to meet contractual requirements,
and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical studies
may be delayed or we could lose potential revenue, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we fail to adequately protect or enforce
our intellectual property rights, we may be unable to operate effectively. 

Our success and ability to compete are substantially
dependent on our patents, proprietary formulations and trademarks. There can be no assurance that our patents and associated trademarks
and licenses will not be challenged and subsequently invalidated and/or canceled. The invalidation or cancellation of any one or all of
the patents or trademarks would significantly damage our commercial prospects. Further, we may find it necessary to legally challenge
parties infringing our patents or trademarks or licensed trademarks to enforce our rights thereto. There can be no assurance that any
of the patents would ultimately be held valid or that efforts to defend any of the patents, trade secrets, know-how or other IP rights
would be successful. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, such as ours, are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual issues. We own numerous U.S. and foreign patents and a number
of pending patent applications that cover various aspects of our drug candidates and technologies. There can be no assurance that patents
that have been issued will be held valid and enforceable in a court of law. Even for patents that are held valid and enforceable, the
legal process associated with obtaining such a judgment is time-consuming and costly. Additionally, issued patents can be subject to opposition
or other proceedings that can result in the revocation of the patent or maintenance of the patent in amended form (and potentially in
a form that renders the patent without commercially relevant and/or broad coverage). Further, our competitors may be able to circumvent
and otherwise design around our patents. Even if a patent is issued and enforceable because development and commercialization of pharmaceutical
products can be subject to substantial delays, patents may expire early and provide only a short period of protection, if any, following
the commercialization of a product encompassed by our patents. We may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the
USPTO, which could result in a loss of the patent and/or substantial cost to us. 

We have filed patent applications and plan to
file additional patent applications covering various aspects of our drug candidates and technologies. There can be no assurance that the
patent applications for which we apply would actually be issued as patents, or do so with commercially relevant and/or broad coverage.
The coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued. The scope of our claim coverage
can be critical to our ability to enter into licensing transactions with third parties and our right to receive royalties from our collaboration
partnerships. Since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind the date of such discoveries, we cannot
be certain that we were the first inventor of inventions covered by our patents or patent applications. In addition, there is no guarantee
that we will be the first to file a patent application directed to an invention. 

An adverse outcome in any judicial proceeding
involving IP, including patents, could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require disputed rights to be licensed
from or to third parties or require us to cease using the technology in dispute. In those instances where we seek an IP license from another,
we may not be able to obtain the license on a commercially reasonable basis, if at all, thereby raising concerns on our ability to freely
commercialize our technologies and/or products. It is also possible that we or our licensors or licensees will fail to identify patentable
aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection
on them. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications
(or to maintain the patents) covering technology that we license from or license to third parties. We are reliant on our licensors or
licensees. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests
of our business. If our current or future licensors or licensees fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual
property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors or licensees are not fully cooperative or disagree with us
as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. 

Failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. 

40 

Issued patents covering our drug candidates
could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court. 

If we or one of our licensing partners initiated
legal proceedings against a third-party to enforce a patent covering one of our drug candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that
the patent covering our drug candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims
alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any
of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion
could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading
statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad,
even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review and equivalent proceedings in foreign
jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that
they no longer cover our drug candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable.
With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the
patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability,
we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our drug candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would
have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on drug
candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries
outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not
protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able
to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States or from selling or importing products
made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our inventions in jurisdictions where
we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories
where we have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products,
and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly
certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly
those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of
competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions
could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk
of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties
to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may
not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate
to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

Failure to adequately protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. 

If we infringe on the intellectual property
rights of others, our business and profitability may be adversely affected. 

Our commercial success will also depend, in part,
on us and our collaborative partners not infringing on the patents or proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that the
technologies and products used or developed by our collaborative partners and marketed and sold by us will not infringe such rights. If
such infringement occurs and neither we nor our collaborative partner is able to obtain a license from the relevant third party, we will
not be able to continue the development, manufacture, use or sale of any such infringing technology or product. There can be no assurance
that necessary licenses to third-party technology will be available at all, or on commercially reasonable terms. In some cases, litigation
or other proceedings may be necessary to defend against or assert claims of infringement or to determine the scope and validity of the
proprietary rights of third parties. Any potential litigation could result in substantial costs to, and diversion of, our resources and
could have a material and adverse impact on us. An adverse outcome in any such litigation or proceeding could subject us to significant
liabilities, require us to cease using the subject technology or require us to license the subject technology from the third party, all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

41 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
in the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business
relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We are a party to a number of intellectual property
license agreements that are important to our business, and we expect to enter into additional license agreements in the future. Our existing
license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and
other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor
may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to market products covered by the license. 

We may need to obtain licenses from third parties
to advance our research, and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on
reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement
technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop the affected drug candidates, which could harm our business significantly.
We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against our current drug candidates or
future products, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting the sales, or, with respect to the sales, an obligation on our part to
pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties. 

In many cases, patent prosecution of our licensed
technology is controlled solely by the licensor. If our licensors fail to obtain and maintain patent or other protection for the proprietary
intellectual property we license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property or our exclusivity with respect to those
rights, and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. In certain cases, we control the prosecution
of patents resulting from licensed technology. In the event we breach any of our obligations related to such prosecution, we may incur
significant liability to our licensing partners. Licensing of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves
complex legal, business and scientific issues and is complicated by the rapid pace of scientific discovery in our industry. Disputes may
arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 

The scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

The extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

The sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

Our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

The ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 

The priority of invention of patented technology. 

If disputes over intellectual property that we
have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully
develop and commercialize the affected drug candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees,
consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees
have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

We employ individuals who were previously employed
at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject
to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual
property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any of our employee s former employers or other third parties.
Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages,
we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in
defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

42 

We may be subject to claims challenging
the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We may also be subject to claims that former employees,
collaborators or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. We may have in the future
ownership disputes arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our drug
candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in
defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive
ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even
if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management
and other employees. 

Our inability to protect our confidential
information and trade secrets would harm our business and competitive position. 

In addition to seeking patents for some of our
technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to
maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract
manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements
with our employees and consultants. Any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including
our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed
or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts
both within and outside the United States may be less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If a competitor lawfully obtained
or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information
to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position and our business. 

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents
of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive
and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid,
is unenforceable and/or is not infringed, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that
our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more
of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. 

Interference proceedings provoked by third parties
or brought by us may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those
of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it
from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable
terms. Our defense of litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract
our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property
rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 

Furthermore, because of the substantial amount
of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could
be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions
or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have
a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

43 

Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish
the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 

As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies,
our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology
industry involve both technological and legal complexity and is, therefore, costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition,
the United States has enacted and is expected to continue to implement wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Further, certain U.S. Supreme
Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and/or weakened the rights of patent owners
in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination
of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the
federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability
to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 

Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our and our licensors patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our
licensors issued patents. Provisions of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act ), adopted in September
2011, made a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, the effects of which are still unfolding. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation,
in addition to any new regulation, could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and
the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity
fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent
agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S.
governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during
the patent application process. Non-compliance may result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial
or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, and
this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

44 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional
counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results
of operations. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults,
non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the
financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other
similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon
Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp.
were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated
that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured
deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank
or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. We
have substantially all of our cash on deposit with SVB, most of which would be uninsured by the FDIC, and we regularly maintain cash balances
that are not insured or are in excess of the FDIC s insurance limit. As of March 13, 2023, we had full access to our funds. Failure
to have access to our funds on deposit could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business
operations and financial condition and results of operations. Although we are not a borrower or party to any such instruments with SVB,
Signature or any other financial institution currently in receivership, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom
we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution,
such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments
to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as
beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over
liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010
financial crisis. 

Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates
have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest
rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion
of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk
of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial
institutions for immediate liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. Additionally, there is no guarantee that the U.S. Department
of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other
banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 

Although we assess our banking relationships as
we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize
our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the Company, or the financial
services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures,
the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability
in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the
financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which the
Company has financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services
industry generally. 

45 

The results of events or concerns that involve
one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations
and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, delayed access to deposits or other
financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets;
or the termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. 

Investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international
financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial
and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to
acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could,
among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations,
result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any
of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above,
could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and
results of operations. 

In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy
or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our customers or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse
effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a customer
may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may
determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a customer or supplier could be adversely affected by any of
the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on the Company, including
but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities
involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any customer or supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any customer
to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a customer or supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships,
could result in material losses to the Company and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our future success depends on our ability
to retain principal members of our executive team, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We are highly dependent on principal members of
our executive team, the loss of whose services may adversely impact the achievement of our objectives. Recruiting and retaining other
qualified employees, consultants and advisors for our business, including scientific and technical personnel, will also be critical to
our success. There is currently a shortage of skilled executives in our industry, which is likely to continue. As a result, competition
for skilled personnel is intense and the turnover rate can be high. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms
given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for individuals with similar skill sets. In addition,
failure to succeed in preclinical or clinical studies may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The inability
to recruit or loss of the services of any executive, consultant or advisor may impede the progress of our research and development objectives. 

46 

We will need to expand our organization
and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had four full-time
employees. As we mature, we may need to expand our full-time employee base and to hire more consultants and contractors. Our management
may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time
to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses
in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining
employees, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. Any future growth could
require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional
drug candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability
to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance
and our ability to commercialize drug candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any
future growth. 

We are a party to collaboration agreements
and other significant agreements which contain complex commercial terms that could result in disputes, litigation or indemnification liability
that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We currently derive, and expect to derive in the
foreseeable future, all or much of our revenue from collaboration agreements with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. These collaboration
agreements contain complex commercial terms, including: 

Clinical development and commercialization obligations that are based on certain commercial reasonableness performance standards that can often be difficult to enforce if disputes arise as to adequacy of our partner s performance; 

Research and development performance and reimbursement obligations for our personnel and other resources allocated to partnered drug candidate development programs; 

Clinical and commercial manufacturing agreements, some of which are priced on an actual cost basis for products supplied by us to our partners with complicated cost allocation formulas and methodologies; 

Intellectual property ownership allocation between us and our partners for improvements and new inventions developed during the course of the collaboration; 

Royalties on drug sales based on a number of complex variables, including net sales calculations, geography, scope of patent claim coverage, patent life, generic competitors, bundled pricing and other factors; and 

Indemnity obligations for intellectual property infringement, product liability and certain other claims. 

From time to time, we may have informal dispute
resolution discussions with third parties regarding the appropriate interpretation of the complex commercial terms contained in our agreements.
One or more disputes may arise or escalate in the future regarding our collaboration agreements, transaction documents or third-party
license agreements that may ultimately result in costly litigation and unfavorable interpretation of contract terms, which would have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

47 

We operate in an extremely competitive environment
and there can be no assurances that competing technologies would not harm our business development. 

We are engaged in a rapidly-evolving field. Competition
from numerous pharmaceutical companies is intense and expected to increase. The large and rapidly-growing market for oncology treatments
is likely to attract new entrants. Numerous biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are focused on developing cancer treatments and
immuno-oncology technologies. Many, if not all, of these companies have greater financial and other resources and development capabilities
than we do. Many of our competitors also have greater collective experience in undertaking preclinical and clinical testing of products,
obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing prescription pharmaceutical products. There can be no assurance that our
under-development drug candidates will be more effective or achieve greater market acceptance than competitive products or that our competitors
will not succeed in developing products and technologies that are more effective than those being developed by us or that would render
our products and technologies less competitive or obsolete. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the development by others of
new or improved drugs will not make our pharmaceutical products superfluous or obsolete. 

Potential new accounting standards or legislative
actions may adversely impact our future financial position or results of operations. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards
may cause adverse, unexpected fluctuations in the timing of the recognition of revenues or expenses, and may affect our financial position
or results of operations. New standards may occur in the future and may cause us to be required to make changes in our accounting policies.
Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act), new SEC regulations, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (or PCAOB) standards and Nasdaq rules, are creating uncertainty for
companies such as ours. Insurance, accounting and auditing costs are high as a result of this uncertainty and other factors. 

We have limited capital resources and currently
have only one full-time employee in our finance department. We rely on outside consultants to supplement our internal expertise and are
committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably
necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our failure to meet the continued listing
requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our common stock. Failure to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing
rules could affect the market price of our Common Stock and liquidity and reduce our ability to raise capital. 

Currently, our Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. On June 3, 2022, we received a written notification (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department
of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that the closing bid price for our common stock had been below 1.00
for 30 consecutive business days and that we therefore were not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion
on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Requirement ). The Notice has no immediate
effect on the listing of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we had a period
of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. Accordingly, we had until November
30, 2022 (the Compliance Date ), to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. On December 1, 2022, we received a letter
from Nasdaq informing us that although the Company s common stock had not regained compliance with the minimum 1.00 bid price per
share requirement, Nasdaq had determined that we were eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until May 29, 2023, to regain
compliance. Nasdaq s determination was based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the exception of the bid price
requirement, and our written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. 

48 

If at any time before May 29, 2023, the closing
bid price of our common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of, subject to Nasdaq s discretion, 10 consecutive
business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. 

We will continue to monitor the closing bid price
of our common stock and will consider our available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement
within the allotted compliance period. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the Bid Price
Requirement, or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we fail to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing
Rules, including the Bid Price Requirement, we could be delisted and our stock would be considered a penny stock under regulations of
the SEC, and would therefore be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities.
The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in
our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and stockholder s ability to sell our securities
in the secondary market. If our common stock were to be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market, the liquidity of our common stock
would be materially affected, which would decrease the attractiveness of our common stock to investors and result in a decline in the
market price of our common stock. Also, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a major exchange. 

The market price of our securities may be
highly volatile, and you may not be able to sell our securities. 

Companies trading in the stock market in general
have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual
operating performance. 

The market price of our securities may be volatile.
Our securities could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to a variety of factors, including the following: 

Adverse results, delays, or holds in pre-clinical or clinical studies; 

Inability to obtain additional funding; 

Any delay in filing an IND or BLA for any of our drug candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the FDA s review of that IND or BLA; 

Failure to develop successfully our drug candidates; 

Failure to maintain our existing strategic collaborations or enter into new collaborations; 

Failure by us or our licensors and strategic collaboration partners to prosecute, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights; 

Changes in laws or regulations applicable to future products; 

Inability to obtain adequate product supply for our drug candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

Adverse regulatory decisions; 

Introduction of new products, services or technologies by our competitors; 

Failure to meet or exceed financial projections we may provide to the public; 

Failure to meet or exceed the financial projections of the investment community; 

The perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 

Announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us, our strategic collaboration partner or our competitors; 

Disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

Additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

Significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

Changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

Sales of our securities by us or our stockholders in the future; 

Adverse economic conditions, including potential adverse effects of public health issues, such as the coronavirus outbreak, and geopolitical events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and related sanctions and other economic disruptions or concerns, on economic activity generally; and 

Trading volume of our securities. 

49 

Our preferred stock has rights, preferences
and privileges that are not held by, and are preferential to, the rights of our common stockholders, which could result in the interests
of the holders of our preferred stock differing from those of our common stockholders. 

The holders of our preferred stock have the right
to receive a liquidation preference entitling them to be paid out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders before any
payment may be made to holders of any common stock or any series of preferred stock ranked junior to such class of preferred stock. The
existence of a liquidation preference may reduce the value of our common stock, make it harder for us to sell shares of common stock in
offerings in the future or prevent or delay a change of control. Additionally, each share of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock are convertible into shares of our common stock, subject to an issuable maximum and subject to certain adjustments, which may cause
significant dilution to our common stockholders. The preferential rights could result in divergent interests between the holders of shares
of preferred stock and holders of our common stock. 

The issuance of future shares of common
stock may result in dilution to our stockholders. 

As of March 10, 2023, we had approximately 15.2
million shares of common stock outstanding, excluding 6.8 million of potentially dilutive common stock related to outstanding preferred
stock, warrants, options, restricted stock and common stock awards. 

The issuance of these shares of common stock and
the sale of these shares of common stock, or even the potential of such issuance and sale, may have a depressive effect on the market
price of our common stock, and the issuance of such common stock will cause dilution to our stockholders. 

We could be subject to securities class
action litigation. 

In the past, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for
us because pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it
could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

An active, liquid and orderly market for
our common stock or purchase warrants may not develop. 

Our common stock and purchase warrants trade on
Nasdaq. An active trading market for our common stock or purchase warrants may never develop or be sustained. If an active market for
our common stock or purchase warrants does not continue to develop or is not sustained, it may be difficult for investors to sell shares
or purchase warrants without depressing the market price, and investors may not be able to sell the shares or purchase warrants at all.
An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling common stock or purchase warrants and may impair our ability
to acquire other businesses, applications or technologies using our common stock or purchase warrants as consideration, which, in turn,
could materially adversely affect our business. 

We have entered into several agreements
with our stockholders. 

We have in the past, and may continue to enter
into from time to time, agreements with our stockholders, which may result in conflicts of interest. In addition, these arrangements may
not have been negotiated at arm s length and may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest. 

50 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock or preferred stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock or preferred stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to common
or preferred stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 

Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation,
Bylaws, and the Nevada Revised States may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect, which could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. 

Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation,
Bylaws, and the Nevada Revised States may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect. Such provisions may delay, deter or prevent a tender
offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in that stockholder s best interests, including attempts that
might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by stockholders, which could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. 

General Risk Factors 

Our financial condition, results of operations,
business and cash flow may be negatively affected by unfavorable U.S. or global economic conditions. 

Our financial condition, results of operations,
business and cash flow may be negatively affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets and
uncertainty about economic stability. The global economy has experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including as a result of
public health epidemics and pandemics, or other outbreaks of communicable diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as from international
conflicts, terrorism or other geopolitical events, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and related sanctions and other economic disruptions
or concerns. 

For example, the global pandemic related to the
rapidly growing outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has created, and may continue to create, significant volatility,
uncertainty and economic disruption, including significant volatility in the capital markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic
affects our business, operations, financial results and the trading price of our common stock will depend on numerous evolving factors
that we may not be able to accurately predict. If the global response to contain the COVID-19 pandemic escalates further or is unsuccessful,
or if governmental decisions to ease pandemic related restrictions are ineffective, premature or counterproductive, we could experience
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, the global economy and financial
markets may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, terrorism or other geopolitical events.
Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, may also adversely impact the financial markets
and the global economy, and the economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability.
In late February 2022, Russia initiated significant military action against Ukraine. In response, the United States and certain other
countries imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other
retaliatory actions if the conflict continues or worsens. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including
related geo-political tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions that will be taken by the United States and other countries in
respect thereof, as well as any countermeasures or retaliatory actions Russia may take in response, are likely to cause regional instability
and geo-political shifts and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies, and the global
economy. While it is difficult to anticipate the impact of any of the foregoing on our Company in particular, the conflict and actions
taken in response to the conflict could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

51 

There can be no assurance that further deterioration
in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result
in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for any product candidates we may develop and our ability to raise additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in
supply disruption. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more
costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could impair our ability
to achieve our growth strategy, could harm our financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical
development plans. In addition, there is a risk that our current or future service providers, manufacturers or other collaborators may
not survive such difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget.
We cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our
business. 

Our ability to use potential future operating
losses and our federal and state NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income from revenue generated from operations or corporate collaborations
could be limited. 

The use of our NOL carryforwards may have limitations
resulting from certain future ownership changes or other factors under the Code and other taxing authorities. The TCJA changed both the
federal deferred tax value of the NOL carryforwards and the rules of utilization of federal NOL carryforwards. 

If our NOL carryforwards are limited, and we have
taxable income which exceeds the available NOL carryforwards for that period, we would incur an income tax liability even though NOL carryforwards
may be available in future years prior to their expiration. Any such income tax liability may adversely affect our future cash flow, financial
position and financial results. 

Tax reform may significantly affect the
Company and our stockholders. 

Due to the potential for changes to tax laws and
regulations or changes to the interpretation thereof, the ambiguity of tax laws and regulations, the subjectivity of factual interpretations
and other factors, our estimates of effective tax rate and income tax assets and liabilities may be incorrect and our financial statements
could be adversely affected. The impact of these factors referenced in the first sentence of this paragraph may be substantially different
from period-to-period. 

In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay
is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. If audits result in payments
or assessments different from our reserves, our future results may include unfavorable adjustments to our tax liabilities and our financial
statements could be adversely affected. Any further significant changes to the tax system in the United States or in other jurisdictions
(including changes in the taxation of international income as further described below) could adversely affect our financial statements. 

Governments may impose price controls, which
may adversely affect our future profitability. 

We intend to seek approval to market our drug
candidates in both the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. In some foreign countries and jurisdictions, particularly in the European
Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental
authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a drug candidate. To obtain reimbursement or pricing
approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct clinical trials to compare the cost effectiveness of our drug candidates to
other available therapies, which is time-consuming and costly. If reimbursement of our future products is unavailable or limited in scope
or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability. 

52 

Our employees, principal investigators,
consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards
and requirements and insider trading. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct
by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional
failures to comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators,
comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately
or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject
to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws
and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive
programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of
clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation or could cause regulatory agencies
not to approve our drug candidates. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to
detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are
instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant
impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

Use of our drug candidates could be associated
with adverse side effects. 

As with most biopharmaceutical products, use of
our drug candidates could be associated with side effects or adverse events which can vary in severity and frequency. Side effects or
adverse events associated with the use of our drug candidates may be observed at any time, including in clinical trials or once a product
is commercialized, and any such side effects or adverse events may negatively affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval or market
our drug candidates. Side effects such as toxicity or other safety issues associated with the use of our drug candidates could require
us to perform additional studies or halt development or sale of these drug candidates or expose us to product liability lawsuits which
will harm our business. 

The emergence of unforeseen safety issues or adverse
events may lead to regulatory agencies requiring us to conduct additional preclinical or clinical trials regarding the safety and efficacy
of our drug candidates, which we have not planned or anticipated. We cannot assure you that we will resolve any issues related to any
product-related adverse events to the satisfaction of the FDA or any regulatory agency in a timely manner or ever, which could harm our
business, prospects and financial condition. We may also inadvertently fail to report adverse events we become aware of within the prescribed
timeframe. We may also fail to appreciate that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to
us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of our products. If we fail to
comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA or other foreign regulatory agencies could take action including criminal prosecution,
the imposition of civil monetary penalties, seizure of our products, or delay in approval or clearance of future products. 

53 

We face potential product liability, and,
if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability and costs. If the use of our drug candidates harms patients,
or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our drug candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or
otherwise negatively impacted, and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. 

The use of our drug candidates in clinical studies
and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability
claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming
into contact with our products. There is a risk that our drug candidates may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against
product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product
liability claims may result in: 

Impairment of our business reputation; 

Withdrawal of clinical study participants; 

Costs due to related litigation; 

Distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 

Substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

The inability to commercialize our drug candidates; and 

Decreased demand for our drug candidates, if approved for commercial sale, 

all of which may have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and prospects. 

If we fail to comply with environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse
effect on the success of our business. 

We are subject to numerous environmental, health
and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal
of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological
materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials
and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting
from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources.
We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

The workers compensation insurance we maintain
to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other
work-related injuries may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in
order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations
may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial
fines, penalties or other sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Non-cash charges such as share-based payments
may adversely impact our results of operations. 

We record non-cash charges related to share-based
expense, which could fluctuate materially as the Company expects to continue to issue share-based payments awards and may adversely impact
our results of operations. 

54 

Varying interpretations of existing standards
and rules have occurred with frequency and may cause us to have to restate previously reported result of operations. 

Varying interpretations of existing standards
of accounting policies or accounting treatments of existing transactions may cause us to have to restate previously reported result of
operations. 

Our disclosure controls and procedures may
not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act. Any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override
of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Failure in our information technology systems,
including by cybersecurity attacks or other data security incidents, could significantly disrupt our operations. 

Our operations depend, in part, on the continued
performance of our information technology systems. Our information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic
break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. Failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business,
profitability and financial condition. 

A successful cybersecurity attack or other data
security incident could result in the misappropriation and/or loss of confidential or personal information, create system interruptions
or deploy malicious software that attacks our systems. It is possible that a cybersecurity attack might not be noticed for some period
of time. The occurrence of a cybersecurity attack or incident could result in business interruptions from the disruption of our information
technology systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputational damage with our clinical trial participants, customers, stockholders
and other stakeholders and/or increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. In addition, the unauthorized dissemination
of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information could expose us or other third parties to regulatory fines
or penalties, litigation and potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

We are a smaller reporting company, and
the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company SRC ),
which allows us to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not SRCs, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our Annual Report and our periodic reports and
proxy statements and providing only two years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report and our periodic reports. We will remain
an SRC until (a) the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day our most
recently completed second fiscal quarter exceeds 250 million or (b) (1) we have over 100 million in annual revenues and (2) the aggregate
market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day our most recently completed second fiscal
quarter exceeds 700 million. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on certain or
all of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and may decline. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

55 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

We rent office space
at an office share location at 945 Concord Street in Framingham, Massachusetts. The lease agreement is for 12 months through September
2023. We believe that this space is adequate for our current needs and that if additional space is required, it can be obtained at commercially
reasonable terms nearby. 

In addition, we lease
360 sq. ft. of office space in Miami, Florida. The lease provided for an initial term of 12 months, which commenced on December 1, 2016,
and has been extended on a year-by-year basis through November 30, 2023. We believe that this space is adequate for our current needs
and that if additional space is required, it can be obtained at commercially reasonable terms either within its current space or nearby. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we
may be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and
claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have
a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and
settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

There are no matters,
as of December 31, 2022, that, in the opinion of management, might have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

56 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock and
common stock purchase warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols XBIO and
 XBIOW , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 10, 2023,
there were 426 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never previously
declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain earnings and profits, if any, to support our business
strategy and do not intend to pay any cash dividends within the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will
be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon the financial condition of the Company, our operating results,
capital requirements, general business conditions and any other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized
for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities of the Issuer 

During the quarter ended
December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

Reserved. 

57 

Item 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on
advancing innovative immune-oncology technologies addressing hard to treat cancers. Our DNase platform is designed to improve outcomes
of existing treatments, including immunotherapies, by targeting NETs. We licensed the DNase oncology platform in April 2022 and expect
to prioritize our efforts and resources on the development of this newly acquired technology. We are currently focused on advancing our
systemic DNase program into the clinic as an adjunctive therapy for pancreatic carcinoma and locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors.
We are also developing our personalized Chimeric Antigen Receptor CAR T platform technology, XCART ,
to develop cell-based therapeutics targeting the unique B-cell receptor on the surface of an individual patient s malignant tumor
cells, for the treatment of B-cell lymphomas. Additionally, we have partnered with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to develop
our proprietary drug delivery platform, PolyXen, and receive royalty payments under an exclusive license arrangement in the field of blood
coagulation disorders. 

We incorporate our patented and proprietary technologies
into drug candidates currently under development with biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry collaborators to create what we believe
will be the next-generation biologic drugs with improved pharmacological properties over existing therapeutics. Our drug candidates have
resulted from our research activities or that of our collaborators and are in the development stage. As a result, we continue to commit
a significant amount of our resources to our research and development activities and anticipate continuing to do so for the near future.
To date, none of our drug candidates have received regulatory marketing authorization or approval in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration FDA nor in any other countries or territories by any applicable agencies. We are receiving ongoing royalties pursuant
to a license of our PolyXen technology to an industry partner. Although we hold a broad patent portfolio, the focus of our internal efforts
during the year ended December 31, 2022, was on the licensing and advancement of our DNase platform and on the development of our XCART
platform technology. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue,
costs and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates that are based on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The result of these evaluations forms the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of expenses that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from our estimates, judgments and assumptions. 

Management believes that the following accounting
estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management s
most difficult subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. The following narrative describes these critical accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions and the effect if actual results
differ from these assumptions. 

Revenue Recognition 

We enter into supply, license and collaboration
arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology partners, some of which include royalty agreements based on potential net sales of
approved commercial pharmaceutical products. 

58 

We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). This standard
applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other standards, such as leases, insurance,
collaboration arrangements and financial instruments. Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of
promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods
or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs
the following five steps: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize
revenue at a point in time, or over time, as it satisfies a performance obligation. We only apply the five-step model to contracts when
it is probable that it will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer.
At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within
each contract, determine those that are performance obligations, and assess whether each promised good or service is distinct. We then
recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance
obligation is satisfied. 

As part of the accounting for these arrangements,
we must use significant judgment to determine: a) the number of performance obligations based on the determination under step (ii) above;
b) the transaction price under step (iii) above; and c) the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation identified in the
contract for the allocation of transaction price in step (iv) above. We use judgment to determine whether milestones or other variable
consideration should be included in the transaction price as described further below. The transaction price is allocated to each performance
obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, for which we recognize revenue as or when the performance obligations under
the contract are satisfied. In developing the stand-alone price for a performance obligation, we consider applicable market conditions
and relevant entity-specific factors, including factors that were contemplated in negotiating the agreement with the customer and estimated
costs. We validate the stand-alone selling price for performance obligations by evaluating whether changes in the key assumptions used
to determine the stand-alone selling prices will have a significant effect on the allocation of transaction price between multiple performance
obligations. We recognize a contract asset or liability for the difference between our performance (i.e., the goods or services transferred
to the customer) and the customer s performance (i.e., the consideration paid by, and unconditionally due from, the customer). 

The terms of our license agreements may include
delivery of an IP license to a collaboration partner. We may be compensated under license arrangements through a combination of non-refundable
upfront receipts, development and regulatory objective receipts and royalty receipts on future product sales by partners. We anticipate
recognizing non-refundable upfront license payments and development and regulatory milestone payments received by us in license and collaboration
arrangements that include future obligations, such as supply obligations, ratably over our expected performance period under each respective
arrangement. We make our best estimate of the period over which we expect to fulfill our performance obligations, which may include technology
transfer assistance, research activities, clinical development activities, and manufacturing activities from development through the commercialization
of the product. Given the uncertainties of these collaboration arrangements, significant judgment is required to determine the duration
of the performance period. 

When we enter into an arrangement to sublicense
some of our patents, we will consider the performance obligations to determine if there is a single element or multiple elements to the
arrangement as we determine the proper method and timing of revenue recognition. We consider the terms of the license or sublicense for
such elements as price adjustments or refund clauses in addition to any performance obligations for us to provide such as services, patent
defense costs, technology support, marketing or sales assistance or any other elements to the arrangement that could constitute an additional
deliverable to it that could change the timing of the revenue recognition. Non-refundable upfront license and sublicense fees received,
whereby continued performance or future obligations are considered inconsequential or perfunctory to the relevant licensed technology,
are recognized as revenue upon delivery of the technology. 

We expect to recognize royalty revenue in the
period of sale, based on the underlying contract terms, provided that the reported sales are reliably measurable, we have no remaining
performance obligations, and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. We anticipate reimbursements for research and development
services completed by us related to the collaboration agreements to be recognized in operations as revenue on a gross basis. Our license
and collaboration agreements with certain collaboration partners could also provide for future milestone receipts to us based solely upon
the performance of the respective collaboration partner in consideration of deadline extensions or upon the achievement of specified sales
volumes of approved drugs. For such receipts, we expect to recognize the receipts as revenue when earned under the applicable contract
terms on a performance basis or ratably over the term of the agreement. These receipts may also be recognized as revenue when continued
performance or future obligations by us are considered inconsequential or perfunctory. 

59 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses consist of expenses
incurred in performing research and development activities, including compensation and benefits, facilities expenses, overhead expenses,
pre-clinical development, clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing expenses, fees paid to contract research organizations CROs and contract manufacturing organizations CMOs and other outside expenses. We expense research and development costs as
incurred. We expense upfront, non-refundable payments made for research and development services as obligations are incurred. The value
ascribed to intangible assets acquired but which have not met capitalization criteria is expensed as research and development at the time
of acquisition. Upfront payments under license agreements are expensed upon receipt of the license. Milestone payments under license agreements
are accrued, with a corresponding expense being recognized, in the period in which the milestone is determined to be probable of achievement
and the related amount is reasonably estimable. 

We are required to estimate accrued research and
development expenses at each reporting period. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with
our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated
cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual costs. The majority of our service providers
invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met. However, some require
advanced payments. We make estimates of accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in the financial statements based on facts and
circumstances known at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of the estimates with the service providers and make adjustments,
if necessary. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include fees paid to: 

Collaborative partners performing research and development and pre-clinical activities; 

Program managers in connection with overall program management of clinical trials; 

CMOs in connection with cGMP manufacturing; 

CROs in connection with clinical trials; and 

Investigative sites in connection with clinical trials. 

We base our expenses related to research and development,
pre-clinical activities and clinical trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts
with multiple research institutions, CMOs and CROs that conduct and manage clinical trials on our behalf. The financial terms of these
agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in
which payments made to vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the expense. In accruing service
fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. If the
actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid accordingly.
Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and
timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts
that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have not been any material adjustments to our prior estimates of
accrued research and development expenses. 

Share-based Expense 

Share-based expense includes grants of options
and restricted stock units RSUs to employees and non-employees to purchase shares of our common stock, Joint Share Ownership
Plan awards to employees and agreements to issue common stock in exchange for services provided by non-employees. 

60 

Share-based expense is based on the estimated
fair value of the option or calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Determining the appropriate fair value model and
related assumptions requires judgment, including estimating share price volatility and expected terms of the awards. The expected volatility
rates are estimated based on the historical volatility of the Company. To the extent Company data is not available for the full expected
term of the awards, we use a weighted average of our historical volatility and of a peer group of comparable publicly traded companies
over the expected term of the option. The expected term represents the time that options are expected to be outstanding. We account for
forfeitures as they occur and not at the time of grant. We have not paid dividends and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future and, accordingly, we use an expected dividend yield of zero. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate of U.S.
Treasury securities with maturities consistent with the estimated expected term of the awards. Upon exercise, stock options are redeemed
for newly issued shares of our common stock. RSUs are redeemed for newly issued shares of our common stock as the vesting and settlement
provisions of the grant are met. 

For employee options that vest based solely on
service conditions, the fair value measurement date is generally on the date of grant and the related compensation expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite vesting period of the awards. For non-employee options issued in exchange for goods or services
consumed in the Company s operations, the fair value measurement date is the earlier of the date the performance of services is
complete or the date the performance commitment has been reached. We generally determine that the fair value of the stock options is more
reliably measurable than the fair value of the services received. Compensation expense related to stock options granted to non-employees
is recognized on a straight-line basis over requisite vesting periods of the awards. 

Warrants 

In connection with certain financing, consulting
and collaboration arrangements, we issued warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. The outstanding warrants are standalone instruments
that are not puttable or mandatorily redeemable by the holder and are classified as equity awards. We measure the fair value of the awards
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model as of the measurement date. Warrants issued to collaboration partners in conjunction with
the issuance of common stock are initially recorded at fair value as a reduction in additional paid-in capital of the common stock issued. 

All other warrants are recorded at fair value
as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period or at the date of issuance if there is not a service period or if
service has already been rendered. For warrants that contain vesting triggers based on the achievement of certain objectives, we apply
judgment to estimate the probability and timing of the achievement of those objectives. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties,
and as a result, if the probability or timing of the achievement of those objectives change, expense related warrants could be materially
different in the future. For warrants issued in connection with financing arrangements we allocate the proceeds based on the relative
fair value of the award and other instrument(s). 

Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business
combinations, licensing and other transactions are generally recognized at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. At
acquisition, we generally determine the fair value of intangible assets, including in-process research and development IPR D ),
using the income method. Acquired IPR D intangible assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion
or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. Substantial additional research and development may be required before
the Company s IPR D reaches technological feasibility. Upon completion of the IPR D project, the IPR D assets will be
amortized over their estimated useful lives. 

61 

Indefinite lived intangibles are not amortized
but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in the business environment indicate it is more likely than
not that the carrying value may be impaired. Our annual assessment may consist of a qualitative or quantitative analysis to determine
if it is more likely than not that its fair value exceeds the carrying value. When performing the qualitative method, we determine whether
the existence of events or circumstances leads us to determine that it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 that indefinite lived intangibles are impaired. If we choose to first assess qualitative factors and it is determined that it is not more
likely than not that intangible assets are impaired, then we are not required to take further action to test for impairment. We also have
the option to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform only the quantitative impairment test, which we may choose to perform in some
periods but not in others. As the option to perform the qualitative assessment is not a permanent election, we reassess this option during
each annual impairment review. An impairment loss, if any, is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset over
its fair value. 

Intangible assets are highly vulnerable to impairment
charges, particularly newly acquired assets for IPR D. Considering the high risk nature of research and development and the industry s
success rate of bringing developmental compounds to market, IPR D impairment charges are likely to occur in future periods. Estimating
the fair value of IPR D for potential impairment is highly sensitive to changes in projections and assumptions and changes in assumptions
could potentially lead to impairment. 

We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable
and otherwise consistent with assumptions that market participants would use in their estimates of fair value. However, if future results
are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, then we may be exposed to an impairment charge, which could be material. Use of
different estimates and judgments could yield materially different results in our analysis and could result in materially different asset
values or expense. 

Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

During March 2020, a global pandemic was declared
by the World Health Organization related to the rapidly growing outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19. The pandemic has
significantly affected economic conditions in the U.S., accelerating during the first half of March 2020 and continuing throughout 2021
and into 2022, as federal, state and local governments reacted to the public health crisis with mitigation measures, creating significant
uncertainties in the U.S. economy. We continue to evaluate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, and while there has been
no significant impact to our operations to date despite social distancing and other measures taken in response to the pandemic, the ultimate
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and financial condition is dependent on future developments, including the
duration of the pandemic and the related extent of its severity, the pace and rate at which vaccines are administered, and the continued
emergence of new strains of COVID-19, such as the Delta and Omicron variants and any subvariants, as well as its impact on macroeconomic
conditions, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. If the global response to contain the COVID-19 pandemic escalates
further or is unsuccessful, or if governmental decisions to ease pandemic related restrictions are ineffective, premature or counterproductive,
we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Impact of the Conflict in Ukraine on Our Operations 

The short and long-term implications of Russia s
invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time. The imposition of sanctions and counter sanctions may have an adverse effect
on the economic markets generally and could impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

62 

Results of Operations 

The table below sets forth the comparison of our
historical results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Description 
 2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Percentage 
 Change 
 
 Revenue: 

Royalty revenue 
 1,706,925 
 1,160,692 
 546,233 
 47.1 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Research and development 
 (4,770,834 
 (3,163,485 
 1,607,349 
 50.8 
 
 General and administrative 
 (3,653,999 
 (3,743,972 
 (89,973 
 (2.4 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 (8,424,833 
 (6,907,457 
 1,517,376 
 22.0 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (6,717,908 
 (5,746,765 
 971,143 
 16.9 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 
 (1,597 
 1,119 
 2,716 
 242.7 
 
 Interest income, net 
 167,152 
 100,467 
 66,685 
 66.4 
 
 Net loss 
 (6,552,353 
 (5,645,179 
 907,174 
 16.1 

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
by 0.5 million, or 47.1 , to 1.7 million from approximately 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase represents
an increase in royalty revenue related to our sublicense agreement with Takeda as compared to the same period in 2021. 

Research and Development Expense 

Overall, R D expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 increased by 1.6 million, or 50.8 to 4.8 million from 3.2 million in the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to IPR D
expense of 1.8 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed 1.8 million of IPR D associated with the Company s
licensing of the DNase platform. There was no similar expense in 2021 The table below sets forth the R D costs incurred by us, by
category of expense, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 Category of Expense 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 IPR D expense 
 1,793,750 

Outside services and contract research organizations 
 2,314,513 
 2,497,190 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 435,564 
 457,313 
 
 Share-based expense 
 86,305 
 68,208 
 
 Other 
 140,702 
 140,774 
 
 Total research and development expense 
 4,770,834 
 3,163,485 

63 

Excluding the 1.8 million
of IPR D expense from total R D expense of 4.8 million, R D expenses decreased approximately 0.2 million, or 5.9 to 3.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in outside services
and contract research organizations expense was primarily due to decreased spending in connection with our XCART technology platform,
which was substantially offset by costs related to the licensing and our initial development efforts related to our DNase platform. We
licensed the DNase platform in April 2022 and expect to direct our efforts and resources on the development of this newly acquired technology.
As a result, we have suspended development of our XCART technology platform. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 3.7 million, decreasing by approximately 0.1 million, or 2.4 , compared to the same period in the prior
year. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in consulting and legal costs associated with our intellectual property portfolio substantially
offset by an increase in legal costs related to the licensing of the DNase oncology platform from CLS during the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense was approximately 1,600 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other income of approximately 1,100 for the same period in 2021. This increase in other expense
was primarily related to unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to
the same period in 2021. 

Interest Income, net 

Interest income, net increased to approximately
 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to approximately 0.1 million for the same period in the prior year.
This increase is primarily due to an increase in interest income due to higher interest rates on invested funds during the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in interest income on the Pharmsynthez
Loan. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We incurred a net loss
of approximately 6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had an accumulated deficit of approximately 189.1 million at December
31, 2022, as compared to an accumulated deficit of approximately 182.5 million at December 31, 2021. Working capital was approximately
 12.6 million at December 31, 2022, and 17.3 million at December 31, 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our
working capital decreased by 4.7 million primarily due to our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and cash of 0.5 million
used to obtain a license to the DNase oncology platform. 

Our principal source
of liquidity consists of cash. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 13.1 million in cash and 1.1 million in current liabilities.
At December 31, 2021, we had approximately 18.2 million in cash and 1.4 million in current liabilities. 

64 

We evaluate whether there
are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. We have incurred substantial losses since our inception, and we expect
to continue to incur operating losses in the near-term. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. We believe that we have access to capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate
collaborations, related party funding, or other means to continue as a going concern. We believe that our existing resources will be adequate
to fund our operations for a period of at least twelve months from the date of these financial statements. However, we anticipate we may
need additional capital in the long-term to pursue our business initiatives. The terms, timing and extent of any future financing will
depend upon several factors, including the achievement of progress in our clinical development programs, our ability to identify and enter
into licensing or other strategic arrangements, our continued listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), and factors related
to financial, economic, geo-political, industry and market conditions, many of which are beyond our control. The capital markets for the
biotech industry can be highly volatile, which make the terms, timing and extent of any future financing uncertain. On June 3, 2022, we
received a written notification (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying us that the
closing bid price for our common stock had been below 1.00 for 30 consecutive business days and that we therefore were not in compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the
 Bid Price Requirement ). The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we had a period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice to regain compliance with the Bid Price
Requirement. Accordingly, we had until November 30, 2022 to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement and were eligible for an
additional 180 calendar day compliance period if certain other criteria were met. On December 1, 2022, we received a letter from Nasdaq
informing us that although our common stock had not regained compliance with the minimum 1.00 bid price per share requirement, Nasdaq
had determined that we were eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until May 29, 2023, to regain compliance. Nasdaq s
determination was based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other
applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and our written
notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial
Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. We maintained our cash primarily with SVB. On March 12, 2023, the U.S.
Treasury, Federal Reserve and FDIC rolled out emergency measures to fully protect all depositors of SVB and, on March 13, 2023, we had
full access to our cash on deposit with SVB. As a result, we do not anticipate any losses with respect to such balances. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Cash flows used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 4.6 million, which was primarily due to our net loss for the period, partially offset
by non-cash charges associated with acquired IPR D and share-based expense. In addition, current liabilities decreased during the
year ended December 31, 2022. Cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 4.7
million, which was primarily due to our net loss for the period, partially offset by non-cash charges associated with share-based expense. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 500,000, which represented cash paid to license the DNase oncology platform. There were no cash
flows from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

There were no cash flows from financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash flows from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled approximately
 11.5 million representing net proceeds from our private placement in July 2021. 

65 

Contractual Obligations 

Contractual obligations represent future cash
commitments and liabilities under agreements with third-parties and exclude contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict
future payment. Our contractual obligations result from property leases for office space. Although we do have obligations for CMO services,
the table below excludes potential payments we may be required to make under our agreements with CMOs because timing of payments and actual
amounts paid under those agreements may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon
terms or amounts for some obligations, and those agreements are cancelable upon written notice by the Company and therefore, not long-term
liabilities. The contracts may also contain variable costs that are hard to predict as they are based on such things as patients enrolled
and clinical trial sites, which can vary and, therefore, are also not included in the table below. Additionally, the expected timing of
payment of the obligations presented below is estimated based on current information. 

The following tables represent our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2022, aggregated by type: 

Payments Due by Period As of December 31, 2022 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Lease obligations 
 28,524 
 28,524 

Total 
 28,524 
 28,524 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ,
of the accompanying financial statements set forth in Item 8. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are not required to provide the information required by this Item
because we are a smaller reporting company. 

66 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

67 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going Concern Assessment 

Description of the Matter 

We identified the Company s assessment of
its ability to continue as a going concern and related disclosures as a critical audit matter. The Company prepared future cash flow forecasts
which involves judgement and estimation of key variables such as future expected revenue royalty proceeds and costs associated with progressing
DNase technology. Auditing the Company s going concern assessment described above involves a high degree of auditor judgment to
assess the reasonableness of the cash flow forecasts and other assumptions used in the Company s going concern analysis. 

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, management believes that the Company has sufficient funding available to it at the date of approval of these financial statements
and that it will be able to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from the date of these financial statements.
In making this assessment, management has considered the Company s existing resources. 

F- 1 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We evaluated the assumptions used in the model
to estimate the future cash flows for the next twelve months from the date of our opinion by comparing assumptions used by management
against historical performance, budgets, and the Company s strategic plans. We also assessed the key assumptions including those
pertaining to revenue royalty proceeds and the timing of significant payments in the cash flow forecast by comparing them to historical
data and the underlying agreements. We performed sensitivity analyses on key assumptions such as future expected costs to determine their
impact on the projections of future cash flows. Further, we assessed the Company s disclosures with respect to its going concern
assessment. 

Revenue Recognition over Royalty Revenue 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company s sources of revenue include royalty proceeds from a royalty agreement with a third-party based on potential
net sales of approved commercial pharmaceutical products which is based on estimated variable consideration. The Company must use significant
judgment to determine when the reported sales are reliably measurable, the Company has no remaining performance obligations, and all other
revenue recognition criteria are met. The Company s policy is to recognize expected royalties as revenue when they are reliably
measurable, which is upon receipt of reports from the third-party. The Company typically receives these reports in the quarter subsequent
to the actual sublicensee sales. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically related to management s estimate of the potential net sales
as expected variable consideration, is a critical audit matter that requires significant judgment by management in determining the best
estimate of the amount of expected variable consideration. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort
in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s identification of expected variable consideration
within the royalty contract with the third-party and the judgments made by management used to estimate the best estimate of variable consideration. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included evaluating management s best estimate of the potential net sales by the third-party to determine variable consideration.
These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating and testing the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management,
(ii) consideration of both historical or current trends, noting a relative lack of historical experience available in relation to expected
amounts and (iii) obtaining and vouching evidence including reports received from the third-party. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 22, 2023 

F- 2 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, shares authorized 

Series B, par value: shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series A, par value: shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value; and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Treasury stock 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Royalty revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income, net 

Total other income, net 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Number of Shares 
 Par Value 0.001) 
 Number of Shares 
 Par Value 0.001) 
 Additional Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 Treasury Stock 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Issuance of common stock and warrants, net of issuance costs 

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Exercise of purchase warrants 

Share-based expense 

Issuance of common stock to vendor 

Issuance of common stock in connection with warrant buyout 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock in connection with purchase of in-process research and development 

Exercise of purchase warrants 

Share-based expense 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Acquired in-process research and development 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Share-based expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash paid to acquire in-process research and development 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock to acquire in-process research and development 

Issuance of common stock to vendor 

Issuance of common stock in connection with warrant buyout 

Issuance of common stock from cashless exercise of purchase warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

The Company eliminates the cost of assets retired
or otherwise disposed of, along with the corresponding accumulated depreciation, from the related accounts, and the resulting gain or
loss is reflected in the results of operations. 

The Company expects to recognize royalty revenue
in the period of sale, based on the underlying contract terms, provided that the reported sales are reliably measurable, the Company has
no remaining performance obligations, and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. The Company anticipates reimbursements for research
and development services completed by the Company related to the collaboration agreements to be recognized in operations as revenue on
a gross basis. The Company s license and collaboration agreements with certain collaboration partners could also provide for future
milestone receipts to the Company based solely upon the performance of the respective collaboration partner in consideration of deadline
extensions or upon the achievement of specified sales volumes of approved drugs. For such receipts, the Company expects to recognize the
receipts as revenue when earned under the applicable contract terms on a performance basis or ratably over the term of the agreement.
These receipts may also be recognized as revenue when continued performance or future obligations by the Company are considered inconsequential
or perfunctory. 

See also Note 4, Significant Strategic Collaborations . 

million and million as
a component of accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company has recorded approximately 
million of prepayments as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

JSOP awards issued. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
basic and diluted net loss per share are the same for each year due to the Company s net loss position. Potentially dilutive, non-participating
securities have not been included in the calculations of diluted net loss per share, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million potentially dilutive securities, respectively, were deemed anti-dilutive. 

million and million were recorded as revenue by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, and are based on single digit royalties on net sales of certain covered products. The Company s policy is to recognize
royalty payments as revenue when they are reliably measurable, which is upon receipt of reports from Takeda. The Company receives these
reports in the quarter subsequent to the actual sublicensee sales. At the time the revenue was received, there were no remaining performance
obligations and all other revenue recognition criteria were met. 

Catalent Pharma Solutions LLC Catalent 

On June 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Statement
of Work (the SOW with Catalent to outline the general scope of work, timeline, and pricing pursuant to which Catalent will
provide certain services to the Company to perform cGMP manufacturing of the Company s recombinant protein, Human DNase I. The parties
agreed to enter into a Master Services Agreement MSA that will contain terms and conditions to govern the project contemplated
by the SOW and that will supersede the addendum to the SOW containing Catalent's standard terms and conditions. In addition, in the event
of any conflict between the project-specific terms and conditions set forth in the SOW and the MSA, the MSA terms and conditions shall
govern. The estimated total cost of the project contemplated by the SOW is expected to be up to approximately 5 million (exclusive of
certain fees and potential alternatives) for the manufacturing services over the course of the term of the project with each phase of
the project invoiced separately in connection with the commencement of such phase. Unless earlier amended or terminated, the manufacturing
services contemplated by the SOW are currently targeted to be completed by the first half of 2024. The SOW is terminable by the Company
at any time with 30 days' prior written notice to Catalent. The SOW also contains customary provisions related to, among other things,
confidentiality, warranties, intellectual property and indemnification. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid Catalent
approximately million , of which million has been recognized as an advance payment and is included in prepaid expenses and other
as of December 31, 2022. 

Scripps Research 

On May 15, 2020, the Company and the Scripps Research
Institute Scripps Research entered into a Research Funding and Option Agreement (the Scripps Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Company had agreed to provide Scripps Research an aggregate of up to 3.0 million to fund research relating to advancing
the pre-clinical development of XCART. The research funding was payable by the Company to Scripps Research on a quarterly basis in accordance
with a negotiated budget, which provided for an initial payment of approximately 300,000 on the date of the Scripps Agreement and subsequent
quarterly payments of approximately 300,000 over a 27-month period. Under the Scripps Agreement, Scripps Research had granted the Company
a license within the Field (as defined in the Scripps Agreement) to any Patent Rights or Technology (as defined in the Scripps Agreement)
under the terms of that certain license agreement with Scripps Research, dated February 25, 2019, assigned to the Company on March 1,
2019. Additionally, the Company had the option to acquire a worldwide exclusive license to Scripps Research s rights in the Technology
or Patent Rights not already licensed to the Company, as well as a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferrable license to make and
use Scripps Research Technology (as defined in the Scripps Agreement) solely for the Company s internal research purposes during
the performance of the research program contemplated by the Scripps Agreement. During the second quarter of 2022, the parties mutually
agreed to terminate additional funding under the Scripps Agreement. As a result, Scripps Research agreed to continue to perform work under
the agreement until funding previously advanced was expended. The Company paid million to Scripps Research under this agreement through
December 31, 2022. There were amounts recognized as an advance payment or accrued under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. As
of December 31, 2021, approximately million had been recognized as an advance payment under this agreement and was included in prepaid
expenses and other. 

PJSC Pharmsynthez 

In November 2009, the Company entered into a collaborative
research and development license agreement with Pharmsynthez (the Pharmsynthez Arrangement pursuant to which the Company
granted an exclusive license to Pharmsynthez to develop, commercialize and market six product candidates based on the Company s
PolyXen and ImuXen technology in certain territories. In exchange, Pharmsynthez granted an exclusive license to the Company to use any
preclinical and clinical data developed by Pharmsynthez, within the scope of the Pharmsynthez Arrangement, and to engage in further research,
development and commercialization of drug candidates outside of certain territories at the Company s own expense. 

Pharmsynthez directly, and indirectly through
its wholly-owned subsidiary, SynBio, LLC SynBio ), had a share ownership in the Company of approximately and of
the total outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to its common stock ownership, Pharmsynthez
owns approximately million shares of our outstanding Series B Preferred Stock (as defined in Note 11, Stockholders Equity ),
and all of our issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (as defined in Note 11, Stockholders Equity through SynBio. 

On June 12, 2020, the Company and Pharmsynthez
entered into a Master Services Agreement Pharmsynthez MSA to advance the development of the Company s XCART technology
for B-cell malignancies. Under the Pharmsynthez MSA, Pharmsynthez agreed to provide services pursuant to work orders agreed upon by the
parties from time to time, which services include, but are not limited to, acting as the Company s primary contract research organization
to assist in managing collaborations with multiple academic institutions in Russia and Belarus. The Company was required to pay reasonable
fees, expenses and pass-through costs incurred by Pharmsynthez in providing the services in accordance with a budget and payment terms
set forth in each work order. Additionally, in the event that a work order provided for milestone payments, the Company was required to
make such payments to Pharmsynthez, or third party service providers designated by Pharmsynthez, in accordance with the terms set forth
in the work order, which milestone payments may be made, at the sole discretion of the Company, in cash or shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The Company and Pharmsynthez executed a work order
on June 12, 2020 (the Work Order under the Pharmsynthez MSA pursuant to which Pharmsynthez agreed to conduct a Stage 1
study of the Company s XCART technology under the research program as set forth in the Work Order. The activities to be performed
under the Work Order were expected to take approximately 20 months unless earlier terminated in accordance with the Pharmsynthez MSA.
The Work Order provided for additional pass-through costs to be invoiced by Pharmsynthez upon execution of contracts with third party
sites. Additionally, the Work Order provided for milestone payments of up to an aggregate of 1,050,000, or, in the Company s sole
discretion, up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, to be paid or issued, as applicable, by the Company
upon achievement of milestones associated with completion of early stages of the research program as set forth in the Work Order. As of
December 31, 2022, approximately million of milestone payments had been made and no further milestone payments are expected. 

On October 12, 2021, the Company entered into
Amendment Number One to the Pharmsynthez MSA (the MSA Amendment with Pharmsynthez to, among other things, terminate all
work orders under the Pharmsynthez MSA. As a result, no further services were to be performed under the Work Order and any additional
services will be covered by new work orders. In exchange, the Company entered into a new work order (the Second Work Order simultaneously with the MSA Amendment. Under the terms of the Second Work Order, Pharmsynthez shall provide certain enumerated services
to support the Company s development of its XCART technology upon the written request of the Company, which work may be requested
by the Company from time to time. 

Pursuant to the MSA Amendment and Second Work
Order, upon entry into the Second Work Order, the Company made a one-time 
 payment to Pharmsynthez, of which 21,000 was a one-time payment in full for all money and other compensation owed by the Company
under the Work Order, and the remaining 19,000 will be creditable against any out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by Pharmsynthez
on behalf of the Company pursuant to any new work orders initiated after the effective date of the MSA Amendment, including the Second
Work Order. There was work performed and expense recognized under these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
expensed approximately million related to work performed under these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were
no amounts recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

In August 2011, SynBio and the Company entered
into a stock subscription and collaborative development agreement (the Co-Development Agreement ). The Company granted an
exclusive license to SynBio to develop, market and commercialize certain drug candidates utilizing molecules based on SynBio s technology
and the Company s proprietary technologies (PolyXen, OncoHist and ImuXen) in Russia and CIS, collectively referred to herein as
the SynBio Market. In return, SynBio granted an exclusive license to the Company to use the preclinical and clinical data generated by
SynBio in certain agreed products and to engage in the development of commercial candidates in any territory outside of the SynBio Market. 

SynBio is solely responsible for funding and conducting
their own research and clinical development activities. There are no milestone or other research-related payments provided for under the
Co-Development Agreement other than fees for the supply of each company s respective research supplies based on their technology,
which, when provided, are due to mutual convenience and not representative of an ongoing or recurring obligation to supply research supplies.
Upon successful commercialization of any resultant products, the Company is entitled to receive a 10 royalty on sales in certain territories
and pay royalties to SynBio for sales outside those certain territories, subject to the terms of the Co-Development Agreement. Effective
December 20, 2021, SynBio assigned the Co-Development Agreement to Pharmsynthez. 

Through December 31, 2022, Pharmsynthez continued
to engage in research and development activities with no resultant commercial products. In December 2020, Pharmsynthez reported positive
data from its Phase 3 clinical study of Epolong, a treatment for anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease leveraging the Company s
PolyXen technology. In February 2021, Pharmsynthez reported in a press release that it had started the registration phase of Epolong by
filing a registration dossier to obtain approval in Russia. Pharmsynthez had reported in its press release that it expected that the Russian
stage of registration activities would be completed in 2021 and that it would be able to start production of the product as early as the
first quarter of 2022. Pharmsynthez has informed the Company that it had received a response letter indicating certain deficiencies in
the dossier and intends to refile the registration upon correction. The Company did t recognize revenue in connection with the Co-Development
Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Serum Institute of India Limited 

In August 2011, the Company entered into a collaborative
research and development agreement with Serum Institute of India Limited Serum Institute providing Serum Institute an
exclusive license to use the Company s PolyXen technology to research and develop one potential commercial product, Polysialylated
Erythropoietin. Serum Institute is responsible for conducting all preclinical and clinical trials required to achieve regulatory approvals
within the certain predetermined territories at Serum Institute s own expense. Royalty payments are payable by Serum Institute to
the Company for net sales to certain customers in the Serum Institute sales territory. There are no milestone or other research-related
payments due under the collaborative arrangement. 

Through December 31, 2022, no commercial products
were developed and no royalty revenue or expense was recognized by the Company related to the arrangement. Serum Institute had a share
ownership of less than 1 of the total outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Sublicense Agreement Shares ), of which 250,000 Sublicense Agreement Shares were issued directly to OPKO Health, Inc. OPKO in lieu of transfer indirectly from CLS to EirGen Pharma Ltd. EirGen ), a wholly owned subsidiary of OPKO, in satisfaction
of certain third-party contractual obligations between CLS and EirGen. Additionally, the Company is obligated to pay to CLS up to 13,000,000
in cash in potential milestone payments for the achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones, as well as issue an additional
950,000 shares of the Company s common stock to CLS based on the achievement of certain regulatory milestones. In addition, the
Company is obligated to pay tiered royalties ranging from the mid-single to low-double digits on net sales of licensed products falling
within the scope of the license during the Royalty Term (as defined in the Sublicense Agreement), as well as pay a percentage share in
the low-to-mid teens of certain consideration received by the Company from any sublicensees. 

Exclusive License Agreement 

On April 26, 2022, the Company entered into an
Exclusive License Agreement (the License Agreement with CLS, pursuant to which the Company received an exclusive license
under certain patent rights and know-how owned or controlled by CLS to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products and methods incorporating
DNase in conjunction with CAR T therapies (the Licensed Products ). Under the terms of the License Agreement, the Company
will have sole responsibility for, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, among other things, research, develop and obtain
marketing approval for the Licensed Products in the U.S. and certain European markets, and to commercialize such Licensed Products in
the relevant market once marketing approval is obtained. 

In consideration for the license and other rights
granted to the Company under the License Agreement, the Company paid CLS a one-time fee of in cash, issued to CLS shares
of the Company s common stock, and is obligated to pay up to 13,000,000 in cash in potential milestone payments for the achievement
of certain clinical and regulatory milestones for each Licensed Product. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay tiered royalties
ranging from the mid-single to low-double digits on net sales of licensed products falling within the scope of the license during the
Royalty Term (as defined in the License Agreement), as well as pay a percentage share in the mid-teens to low double digits of certain
consideration received by the Company from any sublicensees. 

The total consideration for the Sublicense and
License Agreements was approximately million , which consisted of a million cash payment and the fair value of the common
shares issued of million utilizing the closing market price of the Company s stock price at the closing date. As there was
no future alternative use for the sublicense and license, the Company recorded an expense of million to research and development
expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. No milestone or other contingent consideration was recognized in 2022 as there were no
development, regulatory or sales milestones that were probable of being achieved as of December 31, 2022. 

Patent Assignment and Volition Collaboration 

On October 4, 2022, the Company completed a patent
assignment related to its collaboration with Belgian Volition SARL Limited Volition and CLS. In connection with the patent
assignment, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with CLS Therapeutics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CLS
LLC on October 12, 2022, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to CLS LLC, and CLS LLC agreed to subscribe for, 850,000
shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares as consideration for the assignment by CLS and its affiliates to
the Company of certain patent rights owned by CLS and its affiliates. 

On August 2, 2022, the Company announced a research
and development collaboration with Volition to develop NETs-targeted adoptive cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. The collaboration
is an early exploratory program to evaluate the potential combination of Volition s Nu.Q technology Test and the
Company s DNase-Armored CAR T platform to develop proprietary adoptive cell therapies potentially targeting multiple types of solid
cancers. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement, Volition will fund a research program and the two parties will share proceeds
from commercialization or licensing of any products arising from the collaboration. 

The total consideration for the patent assignment
was approximately 0.5 million, representing the fair value of the 850,000 common shares issued utilizing the closing market price of
the Company s stock price at the closing date. As there was no future alternative use for the patent rights, the Company recorded
an expense of approximately million to research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. No milestone or other
contingent consideration was recognized in 2022 as there were no development, regulatory or sales milestones that were probable of being
achieved as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company incurred approximately million 
related to consulting, transaction and development costs in connection with the DNase technology for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment at cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

There was depreciation expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In October 2022, the Company retired its fully depreciated assets as a result of the relocation
of its corporate office. 

million of prepaid clinical supply
as long-term as it does not anticipate utilizing the majority of the PSA supply within the next 12 months. No clinical supply was utilized
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See also Note 15, Related
Party Transactions for a description of the Pharmsynthez Loan. 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued research costs 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

financial instruments classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The components of loss before income taxes are
as follows: 

Foreign (U.K.) 

Foreign (Germany) 

Foreign (Switzerland) 

Loss before income taxes 

The reconciliation of
income tax benefit at the U.S. corporation tax rate, being the rate applicable to the country of domicile of the Company to net income
tax benefit, is as follows: 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent differences, net 

Foreign rate differential 

Share-based payments, net 

Enhanced research and development tax credits 

Rate change 

Other items 

Net benefit for income taxes 

Deferred tax assets and
liabilities reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: 

U.K. capital loss carryforwards 

U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards 

Switzerland net operating loss carryforwards 

IPR D 

Share-based payments 

Enhanced research and development tax credits 

Germany net operating loss carryforwards 

Capitalized research and experimental expenditure 

U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards 

Other 

Lease liability 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of use asset leases 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred liability 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.K. net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million , respectively,
U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately .0 million and million , respectively, U.S. state net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately million and million , respectively, Germany net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 .0 million and .0 million, respectively, and Switzerland net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million ,
respectively. The U.K. and Germany net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely. 15.6 million of the U.S. federal
net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely, and the remaining U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards
begin to . The Switzerland net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in . 

The Company s ability
to use its operating loss carryforwards and tax credits generated in the U.S. to offset future taxable income is subject to restrictions
under Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). These restrictions may limit the future use of the
operating loss carryforwards and tax credits if certain ownership changes described in the Code occur. Future changes in stock ownership
may occur that would create further limitations on the Company s use of the operating loss carryforwards and tax credits. In such
a situation, the Company may be required to pay income taxes, even though significant operating loss carryforwards and tax credits exist. 

The Company s ability
to use its operating loss carryforwards and tax credits generated in the U.K. are subject to restrictions under U.K. tax legislation.
These regulations may limit the future use of operating loss carryforwards (i) if there is a change in ownership and a change in the nature
or conduct of the business carried on by the Company, and (ii) in certain circumstances where there is a change in the nature or conduct
of the business only. In such cases the carryforwards would cease to be available to set against future income. 

The Company s ability
to use its operating loss carryforwards and tax credits generated in Germany and Switzerland are also subject to restrictions under German
and Swiss tax legislation. These regulations may limit the future use of operating loss carryforwards if there is a change in ownership.
In such cases the carryforwards would cease to be available to set against future income. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did t record any uncertain tax positions. 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S.
federal tax jurisdiction, Massachusetts state tax jurisdiction, and certain foreign tax jurisdictions. The Company is subject to examination
by the U.S. federal, state, foreign, and local income tax authorities for calendar tax years through 2022 due to available net operating
loss carryforwards and research and development tax credits arising in those years. The Company has not been notified of any examinations
by the Internal Revenue Service or any other tax authorities as of December 31, 2022. The Company has t recorded any interest or penalties
for unrecognized tax benefits since its inception. 

Potential 382 Limitation 

The Company s net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s ability to utilize
its net operating loss NOL and research and development credit R D carryforwards may be substantially
limited due to ownership changes that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Code, as
well as similar state provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of NOL and R D credit carryforwards that can be utilized
annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code,
results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 of the
outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups. 

The Company has not completed a study to assess
whether one or more ownership changes have occurred since it became a loss corporation as defined in Section 382 of the Code, but the
Company believes that it is likely that an ownership change has occurred. If the Company has experienced an ownership change, utilization
of the NOL and R D credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation, which is determined by first multiplying the value
of the Company s common stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term, tax-exempt rate, and then could be
subject to additional adjustments, as required. Any such limitation may result in the expiration of a portion of the NOL or R D credit
carryforwards before utilization. Until a study is completed, and any limitation known, no amounts are being considered as an uncertain
tax position or disclosed as an unrecognized tax benefit. Any carryforwards that expire prior to utilization as a result of such limitations
will be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation
allowance, it is not expected that any potential limitation will have a material impact on the Company s operating results. 

From time to time the Company may be assessed
interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions, namely the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no
material unrecognized tax benefits and no adjustments to liabilities or operations were required. interest and penalties have been
recognized by the Company to date. 

shares (the Authorized Share Increase ). The Company filed a Certificate of Amendment
to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of Nevada to effect the Authorized Share Increase as
of December 21, 2022. 

At the Market ATM Offering 

On November 19, 2021, the Company entered into
an ATM Offering Agreement (the ATM Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, as the exclusive sales agent Wainwright ),
pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through Wainwright, shares of its common stock, par value per
share. The offer and sale of the shares will be made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-260201) and
the related prospectus, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021 and declared effective on October 22, 2021, and is currently limited to
a number of securities it can sell under the ATM Agreement of up to 4 million, provided that the Company may be limited in the amount
of securities that it can sell pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. 

Pursuant to the ATM Agreement, Wainwright may
sell the shares in sales deemed to be at-the-market equity offerings as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities
Act, including sales made directly on or through the Nasdaq Capital Market. If agreed to in a separate terms agreement, the Company may
sell shares to Wainwright as principal, at a purchase price agreed upon by Wainwright and the Company. Wainwright may also sell shares
in privately negotiated transactions with the Company s prior approval. Sales of the shares through Wainwright, if any, will be
made in amounts and at times to be determined by the Company from time to time, but the Company has no obligation to sell any of the shares
and either the Company or Wainwright may at any time suspend offers under the agreement or terminate the agreement. Actual sales will
depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading
price of the Company s common stock and determinations by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company. The
offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the ATM Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the issuance and sale of all of the
shares subject to the ATM Agreement or (b) the termination of the ATM Agreement by Wainwright or the Company pursuant to the terms thereof. 

shares were sold under the ATM Agreement during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company incurred million and million of costs associated with the ATM during
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have been recorded within prepaid expenses and other on the December
31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheet. 

Private Placement 

On July 26, 2021, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement in connection with a private placement pursuant to which the Company issued and sold in a private placement priced
at-the-market under Nasdaq rules, (i) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, (ii) warrants to
purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of per share (the Series
A Warrants ), which expire three and one half years from the earlier of (a) the six month anniversary of the initial exercise date
and (b) the date that the registration statement registering all of the warrant shares underlying the Series A Warrants is declared effective,
and (iii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of 
per share (the Series B Warrants with no expiration (the Private Placement ), at a purchase price of
 2.70 per one share and one Series A Warrant and 2.699 per one Series B Warrant and one Series A Warrant. The Private Placement closed
on July 28, 2021 resulting in gross proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately million , before deducting placement agent
fees and offering expenses, and excluding the exercise of any such warrants. Net proceeds from the Private Placement were million . 

The Series
B Warrants were immediately exercisable at a price of 0.001 per share of common stock. The holders of the Series B Warrants did not have
the right to exercise any portion of the Series B Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of 4.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage
ownership was determined in accordance with the terms of the Series B Warrants. The holder, upon notice to the Company, could increase
or decrease the beneficial ownership limitation provisions, provided that the beneficial ownership limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 
of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of a warrant held by the holder. Any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation would not be effective until the 61st day
after notice is delivered to the Company. The Series B Warrants had an intrinsic value of approximately million . During
the year ended December 31, 2021, all of the Series B Warrants to purchase shares
of common stock were exercised resulting in of net proceeds to the Company. As a result, Series B Warrants were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Series
A Warrants are immediately exercisable at a price of 3.30 per share of common stock. The holders of the Series A Warrants will not have
the right to exercise any portion of the Series A Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess
of 4.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage
ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Series A Warrants. The holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or
decrease the beneficial ownership limitation provisions, provided that the beneficial ownership limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of
the number of shares of the common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise
of a warrant held by the holder. Any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after notice
is delivered to the Company. The Company evaluated the terms of the warrants issued and determined
that they should be classified as equity instruments. The grant date fair value of these warrants was estimated to be per share,
for a total of approximately million . The fair value of these warrants was estimated using a Black-Scholes model utilizing the following
key valuation assumptions: the Company s stock price, a risk free rate of , an expected life of years and an expected volatility
of . 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated
 shares as Series A preferred stock with each share having a par value of 0.001 and stated value of (the Series
A Preferred Stock ). The following is a summary of the material terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation . Upon
any dissolution, liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive distributions out of the Company s assets, of an amount equal to the stated value per share of Series A Preferred Stock
(as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganizations and the like) plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon before any distributions
shall be made on the common stock or any series of preferred stock ranked junior to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Dividends . Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a non-cumulative cash dividend at an annual rate of of the stated value per
share of Series A Preferred Stock, when and if declared by the Company s Board, out of the Company s assets legally available
therefor. No dividends or other distribution will be made on the common stock or any series of preferred stock ranked junior to the Series
A Preferred Stock unless the dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock has been paid current and a reserve has been made for the next calendar
year. The Company s ability to pay dividends on Series A Preferred Stock is subject to restrictions in the Company s Series
B Preferred Stock, which ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in right of payment. 

Conversion . Series
A Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, with a minimum of 61 days 
advance notice to the Company, at a rate of twelve shares of Series A Preferred Stock to one share of common stock basis. 

Redemption . Upon
30 days prior written notice, the Company may require the holder of any Series A Preferred Stock to convert any or all of such
holder s Series A Preferred Stock to common stock at a rate of twelve shares of Series A Preferred Stock to one share of common
stock basis. 

The Series A Preferred
Stock has additional terms covering stock dividends and splits, voting rights, fractional shares and fundamental transactions. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately million shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding which are
convertible into approximately million shares of common stock. There were Series A Preferred Stock conversions during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated
 shares as Series B preferred stock with each share having a stated value of per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ).
The following is a summary of the material terms of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation . Upon
any dissolution, liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to
receive distributions out of the Company s assets of an amount equal to the stated value per share of Series B Preferred Stock (as
adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganizations and the like) plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees
or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under the amended and restated certificate of designation before any distributions shall
be made on the common stock or any series of preferred stock ranked junior to the Series B Preferred Stock, which includes Series A Preferred
Stock. A fundamental transaction or change of control under the amended and restated certificate of designation shall constitute a liquidation
for purposes of this right. Xenetic will give each holder of Series B Preferred Stock written notice of any liquidation at least 30 days
before any meeting of stockholders to approve such liquidation or at least 45 days before the date of such liquidation if no meeting is
to be held. 

Dividends . Subject
to any preferential rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock created by the Company s Board from time to time, the holders
of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to such cash dividends, non-cumulative, as may be declared
from time to time by the Company s Board on shares of the Company s common stock (on an as-converted basis) from funds available
therefore. The Company shall not directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon, nor shall any distribution
be made in respect of, any junior securities, including Series A Preferred Stock, as long as any dividends due on the Series B Preferred
Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption of any junior securities or shares
pari passu with the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Conversion . 
Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof, at a rate of one preferred
share to approximately 0.33 common share basis, subject to an issuable maximum and the adjustments described below. There were Series
B Preferred Stock conversions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Subsequent Equity
Sales . The Series B Preferred Stock has ratchet price based anti-dilution protection, subject to customary
carve outs, in the event of a down-round financing at a price per share below the stated value of the Series B Preferred Stock. There
is no bifurcation of the embedded conversion option being clearly and closely related to the host instrument. 

The Series B Preferred
Stock has additional terms covering stock dividends and splits, voting rights, fractional shares and fundamental transactions. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately million shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding which are
convertible into approximately million shares of common stock in each year, respectively, which represents the issuable maximum that
can be issued upon the conversion of the currently outstanding Series B Preferred Stock. 

Warrants Related
to Collaboration and Consulting Agreements 

In connection with certain
of the Company s collaboration agreements and consulting arrangements, the Company had issued warrants to purchase shares of common
stock as payment for services. collaboration or consulting service warrants were granted or exercised and all of the outstanding collaboration
warrants expired during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result, collaboration or consulting service warrants were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warrants Related to Financing Arrangements 

In connection with the July 2021 Private Placement,
the Company issued Series A Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares as described above. 
Series A Warrants were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In addition, the Company has publicly traded warrants
to purchase approximately and shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These warrants
have an exercise price of per share and expire on . The warrants trade on Nasdaq under the symbol XBIOW. 
The warrants also provide that if the weighted-average price of common stock on any trading day on or after 30 days after issuance is
lower than the then-applicable exercise price per share, each warrant may be exercised, at the option of the holder, on a cashless basis
for one share of common stock. Warrants to purchase approximately shares and shares of common stock were exercised on a cashless,
one-for-one basis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. of these warrants were forfeited during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company also has outstanding warrants to purchase
approximately shares of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These warrants have an exercise price
of per share and expire on . of these warrants were exercised or forfeited during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Warrants to purchase approximately shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share were outstanding as of December 31, 2020. On November 15,
2021, the Company entered into a letter agreement with the holders of these warrants to exchange such warrants for an aggregate of approximately
 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a gain of approximately as a result of this exchange as
the fair value of the warrants immediately before the exchange was more than the fair value of the shares issued in the exchange. As a
result, all of these warrants were cancelled and were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company had additional outstanding debt and
equity financing warrants to purchase an aggregate of approximately million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2020. All of
these debt and equity financing warrants expired unexercised during the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result, of these debt
and equity warrants were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Share-based expense is classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as follows: 

General and administrative expenses 

Stock Options 

The Company grants stock option awards and RSUs
to employees and non-employees with varying vesting terms under the Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan Stock Plan ). The Company measures the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which
uses the assumptions noted in the tables below, including the risk-free interest rate, expected term, share price volatility, dividend
yield and forfeiture rate. The risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, with
a term that approximates the expected life of the option. For stock options issued in 2022 and 2021 that qualify as plain vanilla 
stock options, the expected term is based on the simplified method. The Company has a limited history of stock option exercises, which
does not provide a reasonable basis for the Company to estimate the expected term of employee and non-employee stock options. For all
other stock options, the Company estimates the expected life using judgment based on the anticipated research and development milestones
of the Company s clinical projects and behavior of the Company s employees and non-employees. The expected life of non-employee
options is the contractual life of the option. The expected volatility rates are estimated based on the actual volatility of the Company.
To the extent Company data is not available for the full expected term of the awards the Company uses a price volatility based on a blended
rate of the Company s historical volatility with that of comparable publicly traded companies with drug candidates in similar therapeutic
areas and stages of nonclinical and clinical development to the Company s drug candidates. The Company has applied an expected dividend
yield of 0 as the Company has not historically declared a dividend and does not anticipate declaring a dividend during the expected life
of the options. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

Employee Stock Options 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and total stock options to purchase shares of common stock were granted by the Company, respectively. The weighted average
grant date fair value per option was and , respectively. stock options were exercised and none expired during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 and total stock options vested, respectively, with total fair values of approximately million and million , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized share-based payments related to employee stock options that
are expected to vest. The Company expects to recognize this expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Key assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
pricing model for options granted to employees during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Weighted-average expected volatility ) 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate ) 

Weighted-average expected life of option (years) 

Weighted-average exercise price ) 

The following is a summary of employee stock option activity for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

A summary of the status
of the Company s non-vested employee stock option shares as of December 31, 2022, and the changes during the year ended December
31, 2022, is as follows: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Restricted Stock
Units 

There are RSUs
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The RSUs are fully vested and had a grant date fair value of per share.
 RSUs were granted or expired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Non-Employee Stock
Options 

Share-based expense related to stock options
granted to non-employees is recognized as the services are rendered on a straight-line basis. The Company determined that the fair
value of the stock options is more reliably measurable than the fair value of the services received. No stock options to purchase
shares of common stock were granted by the Company to non-employees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
non-employee stock options were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
compensation expense related to non-employee options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 as all
non-employee stock options were fully vested as of December 31, 2020. 

The following is a summary of non-employee stock
option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Common Stock Awards 

The Company granted common stock awards to non-employees
in exchange for services provided. The Company measures the fair value of these awards using the fair value of the services provided or
the fair value of the awards granted, whichever is more reliably measurable. The fair value measurement date of these awards is generally
the date the performance of services is complete. The fair value of the awards is recognized as services are rendered on a straight-line
basis. A summary of the Company s common stock awards granted and issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as
follows: 

Granted 

Issued 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Issued 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

common stock awards were granted during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The balance of the common stock awards has not been issued as of December 31, 2022. 

Joint Share Ownership Plan 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately
 JSOP awards issued and outstanding to two former senior executives. Under the JSOP, shares in the Company are jointly purchased
at fair market value by the participating executives and the trustees of the JSOP trust, with such shares held in the JSOP trust. For
U.S. GAAP purposes the awards were valued as employee options and recorded as a reduction in equity as treasury shares until they are
exercised by the employee. The JSOP awards are fully vested and have no expiration date. There were compensation charges during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 and to the 401(k) Plan, respectively. 

, the Company entered into a two-year lease for its corporate headquarters in Framingham, Massachusetts. This lease
called for total future minimum rent payments of approximately at inception and had a termination date of . The Company recorded a right-of-use ROU asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance
sheet. The Company did not have options to extend, termination options or material residual value guarantees. The lease was not
renewed and the Company entered into a 12-month lease for office space in a shared office location effective October 1, 2022. As
this lease has a term of -months at inception, the Company did not apply the provisions of ASU 2016-02 and will account for it as
an operating lease. As of December 31, 2022, total minimum lease payments on this lease was approximately . 

Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash
activity related to our operating leases are as follows: 

Supplemental balance sheet information related
to our operating leases is as follows: 

Current lease liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

The Company did not apply the provisions of ASU
2016-02 to the lease of its office space in Miami, Florida. Effective , the Company renewed its Miami office lease for
twelve-months to November 2023. As this lease has a term of -months at inception, the Company will account for it as an operating lease.
As of December 31, 2022, total minimum lease payments on this lease was approximately . 

During the fourth quarter
of 2019, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Pharmsynthez (the Pharmsynthez Loan ), pursuant to which the Company
advanced Pharmsynthez an aggregate principal amount of up to to be used for the development of a specific product under the Company s
Co-Development Agreement with Pharmsynthez. The Pharmsynthez Loan had a term of 15-months and accrued interest at a rate of per annum.
The Pharmsynthez Loan is guaranteed by all of the operating subsidiaries of Pharmsynthez, including SynBio and AS Kevelt Kevelt ),
and is secured by all of the common and preferred stock of the Company owned by Pharmsynthez and SynBio. The Company recognized approximately
 and of interest income related to this loan during the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Effective January 23, 2021, the Company entered
into a First Amendment to Loan Agreement and Other Loan Documents with Pharmsynthez, Kevelt and SynBio (the Pharmsynthez Loan Extension to modify the repayment terms and maturity of the Pharmsynthez Loan to January 2022. The terms of the Pharmsynthez Loan Extension called
for two (2) equal monthly principal payments of in each of January 23, 2021 and February 28, 2021 and the payment of all outstanding
accrued interest in six (6) equal monthly installments from January 31, 2021 through June 30, 2021. In addition, the Pharmsynthez Loan
Extension required monthly interest payments and the repayment of the remaining principal amount in six (6) equal monthly installments
from August 2021 through January 2022. 

Effective August 31, 2021, the Company entered
into a Second Amendment to Loan Agreement and Other Loan Documents with Pharmsynthez, Kevelt and SynBio (the Second Pharmsynthez
Loan Extension to modify the repayment terms and maturity of the Pharmsynthez Loan to July 2022. The terms of the Second Pharmsynthez
Loan Extension called for an upfront fee of and two (2) equal monthly principal payments of on September 30, 2021 and
October 31, 2021. In addition, the Second Pharmsynthez Loan Extension required monthly interest payments and the repayment of the remaining
principal amount in six (6) equal monthly installments from February 2022 through July 2022. All other terms of the Pharmsynthez Loan,
as amended, remained in effect. All required payments under the Second Pharmsynthez Loan Extension had been made through January 31, 2022.
In February 2022, the Company received a request from Pharmsynthez to further extend the principal repayments and the maturity of the
loan. 

The Company entered into a Third Amendment to
Loan Agreement and Other Loan Documents with Pharmsynthez, Kevelt and SynBio dated October 31, 2022 (the Third Pharmsynthez Loan
Extension primarily to modify the repayment terms and maturity of the Pharmsynthez Loan to May 31, 2023. The terms of the Third
Pharmsynthez Loan Extension require certain payments of principal, interest and fees at the signing of the Third Pharmsynthez Loan Extension.
In addition, the Third Pharmsynthez Loan Extension requires the repayment of the remaining principal amount, plus interest, in seven (7)
monthly installments from November 30, 2022 through May 31, 2023 as well as certain other terms and conditions. All other terms of the
Pharmsynthez Loan, as amended, remained in effect. While Pharmsynthez has made certain payments in accordance with the Third Pharmsynthez
Loan Extension, all principal and interest payments required to date under the Third Pharmsynthez Loan Extension have not been made. As
a result, the Company has classified the loan receivable as long-term as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company assessed the collectability
of the loan and determined that the U.S.-based collateral held by the Company, consisting of all of the common and preferred stock of
the Company owned by Pharmsynthez and SynBio, was adequate to support the repayment of the outstanding principal balance. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million was included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

In April 2022, the Company entered into certain
agreements with CLS as described in Note 5. One of the Company s directors, Roger Kornberg, is a member of the scientific advisory
board of CLS. However, Mr. Kornberg does not own any equity of CLS and is not receiving any economic benefit as a result of the transactions
contemplated by such agreements. Mr. Adam Logal, one of our directors, is Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting
Officer and Treasurer of OPKO. 

F- 34 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Based on this evaluation
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information
we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Exchange Act. Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
conducted an assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) . Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria set forth by COSO
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework. 

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set
forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarterly period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

68 

Limitations on Effectiveness
of Controls and Procedures 

In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 
 (2) 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 
 
 (3) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management, including
the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, does not expect that
the Company s internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future
periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

Scripps Research 

On March 17, 2023, the Company and Scripps Research
entered into a Research Funding and Option Agreement (the Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide
Scripps Research an aggregate of up to 938,000 to fund research relating to advancing the pre-clinical development of the Company s
DNase oncology platform technology. The research funding is payable by the Company to Scripps Research on a monthly basis in accordance
with a negotiated budget, which provides for an initial payment of approximately 78,000 on the date of the Agreement and subsequent monthly
payments of approximately 78,000 over a 12-month period. Under the Agreement, the Company has the option to acquire a worldwide exclusive
license to Scripps Research s rights in the Technology or Patent Rights (as defined in the Agreement), as well as a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, non-transferrable license to make and use TSRI Technology (as defined in the Agreement) solely for the Company s internal
research purposes during the performance of the research program contemplated by the Agreement. 

Unless earlier terminated, the term of the Agreement continues from
the date of the Agreement for fifteen (15) months. The Agreement may be terminated by the Company with 30 days advance written notice
to Scripps Research beginning six (6) months after the Effective Date (as defined in the Agreement) or by Scripps Research if the Company
fails to make timely payments due under the Agreement, subject to 30 days written notice to cure such nonpayment. The Agreement
may further be terminated by either party in the event of the other party s uncured failure to perform any obligations under the
Agreement or the bankruptcy of the other party. 

A copy of the Agreement
will be filed as an exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on From 10-Q for the three month period ending March 31, 2023. 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

69 

PART
III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement or information statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Company s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement or information statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Company s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement or information statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Company s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement or information statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Company s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement or information statement to be filed with the SEC in
connection with the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days of the end of the Company s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference, or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

70 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Consolidated Financial Statements: The consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm required by this item are included in Part II, Item 8; 

Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required, or because the required information is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits: The
 exhibits which are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or which are incorporated herein by reference are set
 forth in the Exhibit Index beginning on page 72 which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

71 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Index 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/21/2011 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/12/2013 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/27/2013 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 01/10/2014 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 
 
 10-Q 
 
 01/10/2014 
 
 3.2 

3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/30/2015 
 
 3.1 

3.7 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/27/2017 
 
 3.1 

3.8 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10/27/2016 
 
 3.8 

3.9 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10/31/2016 
 
 3.9 

3.10 
 
 Certificate
 of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/24/2019 
 
 3.1 

3.11 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/24/2019 
 
 3.2 

3.12 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 3.12 

3.13 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 3.13 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

X 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 07/14/2016 
 
 4.1 

4.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated July 1, 2015, between Xenetic Bioscience, Inc. and OJSC Pharmsynthez 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/08/2015 
 
 10.3 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/16/2015 
 
 10.8 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/25/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.6 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/22/2019 
 
 4.2 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of Series A Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/28/2021 
 
 4.1 

10.1 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, effective as of December 7, 2021 
 
 DEF14A 
 
 10/15/2021 
 
 Appendix A 

10.2# 
 
 Agreement
 on Co-Development and the Terms of Exclusive License dated August 4, 2011 between Lipoxen plc, Lipoxen Technologies LTD and SynBio
 LLC 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 02/18/2015 
 
 10.18 

10.3 
 
 Novation of Agreement on Co-Development and the Terms
 of Exclusive License, dated December 17, 2021, between Xenetic Biosciences (UK) Limited (formerly Lipoxen plc), Lipoxen Technologies
 Limited, SynBio LLC and Public Joint-Stock Company Pharmsynthez 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/22/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.4## 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated December 20, 2021,
 between Lipoxen Technologies Limited and Public Joint-Stock Company Pharmsynthez 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/22/2022 
 
 10.4 

72 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Index 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement in respect of ordinary shares in the capital of Lipoxen plc dated August 4, 2011 between SynBio LLC and Lipoxen plc 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 02/18/2015 
 
 10.19 

10.6# 
 
 Collaboration,
 License and Development Agreement, dated November 11, 2009, between Pharmsynthez ZAO and Lipoxen Technologies Ltd. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 02/18/2015 
 
 10.20 

10.7# 
 
 Exclusive
 Patent and Know How License and Manufacturing Agreement, dated August 4, 2011, between Lipoxen plc, Lipoxen Technologies Ltd and
 Serum Institute of India Limited 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 02/18/2015 
 
 10.21 

10.8 
 
 Intellectual
 Property Assignment between Dmitry Genkin, FDS Pharma, Lipoxen Technologies Limited and Xenetic Biosciences Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 04/15/2015 
 
 10.1 

10.9 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated December 1, 2016, between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and Jeffrey Eisenberg 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/6/2016 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated January 1, 2017 between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and Curtis Lockshin 
 
 8-K 
 
 01/04/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated March 23, 2017 between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and James F. Parslow 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/04/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement by and between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/14/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.13 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 26, 2017, between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and Jeffrey Eisenberg 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/30/2018 
 
 10.45 

10.14# 
 
 Right
 to Sublicense Agreement, dated October 27, 2017, by and among Xenetic Biosciences, Inc., Baxalta Incorporated, Baxalta US Inc., and
 Baxalta GmbH 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/30/2018 
 
 10.46 

10.15 
 
 Assignment
 Agreement between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and OPKO Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated March 1, 2019 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 05/20/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.16 
 
 First
 Amendment to Assignment Agreement dated June 7, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/13/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.17 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Assignment Agreement dated June 24, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/24/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.18 
 
 Third
 Amendment to Assignment Agreement dated July 15, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/16/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.19 
 
 Form
 of Consent Agreement by and among Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and certain purchasers dated June 24, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/25/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.20 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement, between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and Empire Stock Transfer, Inc. dated July 19, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/22/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.21 
 
 Consent
 Agreement by and among Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and certain purchasers dated July 16, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/16/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.22 
 
 Form
 of Letter Agreement re. Appointment of Non Employee, Independent Director of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/26/2020 
 
 10.51 

10.23 
 
 Form
 of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. Stock Option Grant Notice 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/26/2020 
 
 10.52 

10.24 
 
 Xenetic
 Biosciences, Inc. Stock Option Grant Notice, dated December 4, 2019, between Jeffrey Eisenberg and Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/26/2020 
 
 10.53 

10.25## 
 
 Research
 Funding and Option Agreement, dated May 15, 2020, between the Company and the Scripps Research Institute 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/12/2020 
 
 10.1 

73 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Index 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 10.26## 
 
 Master
 Service Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, between the Company and PJSC Pharmsynthez 
 
 10-Q 
 
 08/12/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.27## 
 
 Amendment Number One to the Master Services Agreement,
 dated October 12, 2021, between the Company and PJSC Pharmsynthez 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/22/2022 
 
 10.28 

10.28## 
 
 Second Work Order to Master Service Agreement, dated
 October 12, 2021, between the Company and PJSC Pharmsynthez 
 
 10-K 
 
 03/22/2022 
 
 10.29 

10.29 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among the Company and the other parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/28/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.30 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and among the Company and the other parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/28/2021 
 
 10.2 

10.31 
 
 Form
 of Letter Agreement by and between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and the Holders, dated November 15, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/16/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.32 
 
 At
 The Market Offering Agreement by and between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, dated November 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/19/2021 
 
 1.1 

10.33## 
 
 Exclusive Sublicense Agreement, dated April 26, 2022,
 between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and CLS Therapeutics LTD 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.34## 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated April 26, 2022,
 between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and CLS Therapeutics LTD 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.35 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated April 26, 2022,
 between Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. and CLS Therapeutics LTD 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.36## 
 
 Statement of Work, dated June 30, 2022, between Xenetic
 Biosciences, Inc. and Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/11/2022 
 
 10.4 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

X 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 36 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XRBL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

# 

## 
 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory
 plan, contract or arrangement. 
 Application has been made with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission to seek confidential treatment of certain confidential material contained in this document. Omitted material for
 which confidential treatment has been requested has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Portions of this exhibit, marked by brackets and
 asterisks, have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because they
 are both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. The registrant undertakes
 to promptly provide an unredacted copy of the exhibit on a supplemental basis, if requested by the Commission or its staff. 

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

74 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Date: March 22 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ JEFFREY F. EISENBERG 

Jeffrey F. Eisenberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 

We, the undersigned officers
and directors of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc., hereby severally constitute and appoint Jeffrey F. Eisenberg, our true and lawful attorney,
with full power to him, to sign for us in our names in the capacities indicated below, all amendments to this report, and generally to
do all things in our names and on our behalf in such capacities to enable Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. to comply with the provisions of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated below on the 22nd day of March, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title(s) 

/s/ JEFFREY F. EISENBERG 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Jeffrey F. Eisenberg 

Date: March 22 , 2023 

/s/ JAMES PARSLOW 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 James Parslow 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: March 22 ,
2023 

/s/ GRIGORY BORISENKO 
 
 Director 
 
 Grigory Borisenko 

Date: March 22 ,
2023 

/s/ JAMES CALLAWAY 
 
 Director 
 
 James Callaway 

Date: March 22 , 2023 

/s/ FIRDAUS JAL DASTOOR 
 
 Director 
 
 Firdaus Jal Dastoor 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ ROGER KORNBERG 
 
 Director 
 
 Roger Kornberg 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ ADAM LOGAL 
 
 Director 
 
 Adam Logal 

Date: March 22 , 2023 

/s/ ALEXEY VINOGRADOV 
 
 Director 
 
 Alexey Vinogradov 

Date: March 22 , 2023 

75 

<EX-3.14>
 2
 xenetic_0314.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Exhibit 3.14 

NEVADA STATE BUSINESS LICENSE XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. Nevada Business Identification # NV20111523936 Expiration Date: 08/31/2023 In accordance with Title 7 of Nevada Revised Statutes, pursuant to proper application duly filed and payment of appropriate prescribed fees, the above named is hereby granted a Nevada State Business License for business activities conducted within the State of Nevada . Valid until the expiration date listed unless suspended, revoked or cancelled in accordance with the provisions in Nevada Revised Statutes. License is not transferable and is not in lieu of any local business license, permit or registration. License must be cancelled on or before its expiration date if business activity ceases. Failure to do so will result in late fees or penalties which, by law, cannot be waived . Certificate Number: B202212223250989 You may verify this certificate online at http://www.nvsos.gov IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the Great Seal of State, at my office on 12/22/2022. BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 

1 

Business Number E0450492011 - 8 Filed in the Office of Secretary of State State Of Nevada Filing Number 20222830367 Filed On 12/21/2022 3:25:00 PM Number of Pages 4 

2 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Profit Corporation: CertYficate of Amendment Certificate to Accompany Restated Articles or Amended and Res tated Articles Officer's Statement PURSUANT TO NRS 80.030 4. Effective Date and Time: (Optional) Date: I 12/21/2022 (must not be later than 90 days after the certificate is filed) 1 - - - " Time : 1 12:02 AM ET -- - 5. Information Being Changed: (Domestic corporations only) 6. Signature: (Required) Changes to takes the i'oliowing effect : [] The en t ity name has been amended. D The reg i stered agent has been changed. (attach Certificate of Acceptance from new registered agent) [] The purpose of the en tity has been amended. [?5] The authorized shares have been amended . [] The directors, managers or general partners have been amended. n IRS tax language has been added. l .. . l Articles have been added . ! I Artic l es have been de l e t ed. r -- 1 Other. The articles have been amended as f(?Uows : (provide article nurT1ber ! - Jl.:i I - Section 1 of Article Ill (see attachment hereto) (a tta ch additional page(s) if necessary) i Chief Financial Officer Title x Signature of Officer or Authorized Signer Title If any proposed amendment would alter or change any preference or any relative or other right given to any class or series of outstanding shares, then the amendment must be approved by the vote, in addition to the affirmative vote otherwise required, of the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power , of each class or series affected by the amendment regardless to limitations or restrictions on the voting I power thereof. Please include any required or optional information in space below: (attach additional page(s) if necessary) This form must be accompanied by appropriate fees. Page 2 of 2 Revised: 1/1/2019 

3 

ATTACHMENT 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE 

 Secretary of State 

 202 North Carson Street 

 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 

 (775) 684-5708 

 Website: www. nvsos.gov. 

Certificate of Amendment 

 (PURSUANT TO NRS 78.385 and 78.390) 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

 For Nevada Profit Corporations 

 (Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 - After Issuance of Stock) 

1. Name of Corporation: 

 XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

2. Section 1 of Article III of the articles have been amended
as follows: 

 Article III, Section 1 

 Section 1. Authorized Shares. The aggregate number of shares which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is one hundred ten million (110,000,000) shares, consisting of two classes to be
designated, one hundred million (100,000,000) shares shall be designated as Common Stock and ten million (10,000,000)
share shall be designated as undifferentiated blank check Preferred Stock, with all of such shares have a par value of
 .001 per share 

The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, each series to
be appropriately designated by a distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. The voting powers,
designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions, and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the Preferred Stock shall hereinafter be prescribed by resolution of the
board of directors pursuant to Section 3 of this Article III. 

3. The vote by which the stockholders holding shares in the corporation
entitling them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, or such greater proportion of the voting power as may be required
in the case of a vote by classes or series, or as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have voted in favor
of the amendment is: 50.3 

4. Effective date and time of filing: Date: December 31, 2022 Time:
12:02 AM ET 

5. Signature: 

X /s/ James Parslow 

ATTACHMENT BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary ofState 202 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4201 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.aov. Certificate of Amendment PURSUANT TO NRS 78.385 and 78.390 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation For Nevada Profit Corporations (Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 - After Issuance ofStock) I. Name of Corporation: XENETIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 2. Section 1 of Article Ill ohhe articles have been amended as follows: Article III, Section l Section l. Authorized Shares. The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall haw authority to issue is one hundred ten million (110,000,000) shares, consisting oftwo classes to be designated, one hundred million (100,000,000) shares shall be designated as "Common Stock" and ten million (10,000,000) shares shall be designated as undifferentiated blank check "Preferred Stock," with all of such shares have a par value of .00 l per share. The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series, each series to be appropriately designated by a distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issuance of any shares thereof . The voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations, restrictions, and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, of the Preferred Stock shall hereinafter be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors pursuant to Section 3 of this Article III . 3. The vote by which the stockholders holding shares in the corporation entitling them to exercise at least a majority of the voting power, or such greater proponion of the voting power as may be required in the case ofa vote by classes or series, or as may be required by the provisions of the articles of incorporation have voted in favor of the amendment is: 50.3 4. Effective date and time of filing: Date: December 21, 2022 Time: 12:02 AM ET 5. s na re: ,l _ X 'J t .. .......u......i \ .,.,., 

4 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE 

 Secretary of State 

 202 North Carson Street 

 Carson City, Nevada 89701-4201 

 (775) 684-5708 

 Website: www. nvsos.gov. 

Certificate of Change filed Pursuant to NRS 78.209 

 For Nevada Profit Corporations 

1. Name of corporation: 

Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 

Entity of Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID): NV20111523936 

2. The current number of authorized shares and the par value, if any, of each class or
series, if any, of shares before the change: 

 50,000,000 common shares, per value 0.001 

 10,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.001 

3. The number of authorized shares and the par value, if any, of each class or series,
if any, of shares after the change: 

 100,000,000 common shares, par value 0.001 

 10,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.001 

4. The number of shares of each affected class or series, if any, to be issued after the
change in exchange for each issue share of the same class or series: 

5. The provision, if any, for the issuance of fractional shares, or for the payment of
money or the issuance of scrip to stockholders otherwise entitled to a fraction of a share and the percentage of outstanding shares affected
thereby: 

6. The required approval of the stockholders has been obtained. 

7. Effective date and time of filing (optional): 

Date: December 21, 2022 
 Time: 12:02 AM ET 

8. Signature: (required): 

X /s/ James Parslow 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Time: 12:02 AM ET 

BARBARA K. CEGAVSKE Secretary of State 206 North Carson Street Carson City, Nevada 89701 - 4299 (775) 684 - 5708 Website: www.nvsos.gov Certificate of Change filed Pursuant to NRS 78.209 For Nevada Profit Corporations 1. Name of corporation: Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. Entity or Nevada Business Identification Number (NVID): NV2011 l 523936 2. The current number of authorized shares and the par value, if any, of each class or series, if any, of shares before the change: 50,000,000 common shares, par value 0.001 10,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.00 I 3. The number of authorized shares and the par value, if any, of each class or series, if any, of shares after the change: 100,000,000 common shares, par value 0.001 10,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.001 4. The number of shares of each affected class or series, if any, to be issued after the change in exchange for each issue share of the same class or series : 5. The provisions, if any, for the issuance of fractional shares, or for the payment of money or the Issuance of scrip to stockholders otherwise entitled to a fraction of a share and the percentage of outstanding 5 hares affected thereby : 6. TM required approval of the stockholders has been obtained. 7. Effective date and time of filing (optional): Date: December 21, 2022 8. Signature: (required): tf, ji,,,,.,.' - '! - 

5 

</EX-3.14>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 xenetic_0401.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

When used herein, the terms the Company ,
 we, our, and us refer to Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. 

The following summary describes our capital stock
and the material provisions of our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our amended and restated bylaws. Because the following
is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer
to our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our amended and restated bylaws, copies of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

Our charter provides that we may issue up to 100,000,000
shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock ), and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001
par value per share, 1,000,000 of which are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, 2,500,000 of which are designated as Series B Preferred
Stock, and 6,500,000 of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Under Nevada law, stockholders are not generally liable for
our debts or obligations. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

Voting Rights 

Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share
on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as otherwise required by law or provided
in any resolution adopted by our board of directors with respect to any series of preferred stock, the holders of our Common Stock will
possess all voting power. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election
of directors, by a plurality) of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of our Common Stock that are present in person or represented
by proxy, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred stock. Our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights
in the election of directors. Holders of our Common Stock representing 50 of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote,
represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a
majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment
to our charter. 

Dividends 

Subject to the preferential rights of any other
class or series of shares of stock created from time to time by our board of directors from time to time, the holders of shares of our
Common Stock will be entitled to such cash dividends, non-cumulative, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors from
funds available therefore. We will not pay any dividends on shares of Common Stock (other than dividends in the form of Common Stock)
unless and until such time as we pay dividends on our preferred stock on an as-converted basis. 

1 

Liquidation 

Subject to the preferential rights of any other
class or series of shares of stock created from time to time by our board of directors, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of shares of our Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets of the Company available for distribution to such
holders. 

Rights and Preferences 

In the event of any merger or consolidation with
or into another company in connection with which shares of our Common Stock are converted into or exchangeable for shares of stock, other
securities or property (including cash), all holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to receive the same kind and amount of shares
of stock and other securities and property (including cash). Holders of our Common Stock have no pre-emptive, conversion, subscription
or other rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges
of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of
our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 

Fully Paid and Nonassessable 

All of our outstanding shares of Common Stock
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Exchange Listing 

Our Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the trading symbol XBIO. 

DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE WARRANTS 

The following summary of certain terms and provisions
of warrants to purchase 2,300,000 shares of the Common Stock (the Purchase Warrants is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by the provisions of, the Purchase Warrants. For a complete description,
you should refer to the form of Purchase Warrant, a copy of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Exercisability 

The Purchase Warrants are exercisable beginning
on the date of original issuance and at any time up to the date that is five years after their original issuance. The Purchase Warrants
will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice and, at any
time a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Purchase Warrants under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act is effective and available for the issuance of such shares, or an exemption
from registration under the Securities Act is available for the issuance of such shares, by payment in full in immediately available funds
for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased upon such exercise. If a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares
of Common Stock underlying the Purchase Warrants under the Securities Act is not effective or available and an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act is not available for the issuance of such shares, the holder may, in its sole discretion, elect to exercise the
Purchase Warrant through a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of Common
Stock determined according to the formula set forth in the Purchase Warrant. In addition, the Purchase Warrant may be exercised on a cashless
basis beginning 30 days from the pricing of the Purchase Warrant Cashless Date if the VWAP (as defined in the Purchase
Warrant) of the Common Stock on any Trading Day (as defined in the Purchase Warrant) on or after the Cashless Date fails to exceed the
exercise price in effect on such date (as may be subject to adjustment). The number of shares of Common Stock issuable in such cashless
exercise shall equal the number of shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrant in accordance with
it terms if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued in connection with the
exercise of a Purchase Warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional amount
multiplied by the exercise price. 

2 

Exercise Limitation 

A holder will not have the right to exercise any
portion of the Purchase Warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 (or, upon election
of the holder, 9.99 of the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such
percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Warrants. However, any holder may increase or decrease
such percentage, provided that any increase will not be effective until the 61st day after such election. 

Exercise Price 

The Purchase Warrants will have an exercise price
of 13.00 per share. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions,
stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets,
including cash, stock or other property to our stockholders. 

Transferability 

Subject to applicable laws, the Purchase Warrants
may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Exchange Listing 

The Purchase Warrants are traded on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol XBIOW. 

Fundamental Transactions 

If a fundamental transaction occurs, then the
successor entity will succeed to, and be substituted for us, and may exercise every right and power that we may exercise and will assume
all of our obligations under the Purchase Warrants with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named in the Purchase Warrant
itself. If holders of our Common Stock are given a choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a fundamental transaction,
then the holder shall be given the same choice as to the consideration it receives upon any exercise of the Purchase Warrant following
such fundamental transaction. 

Rights as a Stockholder 

Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Warrants
or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our Common Stock, the holder of a Purchase Warrant does not have the rights
or privileges of a holder of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the Purchase Warrant. 

3 

ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS 

Certain provisions of the Company s articles
of incorporation, as amended, the Company s amended and restated bylaws, and the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect. Such provisions may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder
might consider to be in that stockholder s best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
for the shares held by stockholders. 

The NRS permits, if authorized by the Company s
articles of incorporation, as amended, the issuance of blank check preferred stock with preferences, limitations and relative rights determined
by a corporation s board of directors without stockholder approval. 

The Company s articles of incorporation,
as amended, currently authorizes the issuance of blank check preferred stock, of which 6,500,000 preferred shares are available for future
issuance in one or more series to be issued from time to time. 

The Company has opted out of NRS 78.411 to 78.444,
which prohibits Nevada corporations from engaging in any combination with an interested stockholder for a
period of two years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless prior to that time the
Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder. 

Each of the foregoing may have the effect of preventing
or rendering more difficult or costly, the completion of a takeover transaction that stockholders might view as being in their best interests. 

4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 xenetic_2101.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary 
 Country / State of Incorporation 

Xenetic Biosciences (UK), Ltd. 
 United Kingdom registered company 

Lipoxen Technologies, Ltd. 
 United Kingdom registered company 

Xenetic Bioscience, Inc. 
 Delaware 

SymbioTec, GmbH 
 German registered company 

Hesperix S.A. 
 Swiss registered company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 xenetic_2301.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-261956, 333-237529, 333-222272 and 333-218024) and on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-260201,
333-258810, 333-227572 and 333-233769) of our report dated March 22, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which
report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 xenetic_3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey F Eisenberg, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 

By: /s/ Jeffrey F Eisenberg 

 Jeffrey
F. Eisenberg 

 Principal
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 xenetic_3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a), 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Parslow, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 

By: /s/ James Parslow 

 James
Parslow 

 Principal
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 xenetic_3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Xenetic Biosciences, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey F. Eisenberg 
 /s/James Parslow 
 
 Jeffrey F. Eisenberg 
 James Parslow 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 xbio-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 xbio-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 xbio-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 xbio-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

