<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1681206_0001174947-23-000312.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16167188</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1984423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5552049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3440065</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4191558</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000312.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308165918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NI Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681206
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				812683619
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37973
		FILM NUMBER:		23716840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 FIRST AVENUE NORTH
		CITY:			FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		701-298-4200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 FIRST AVENUE NORTH
		CITY:			FARGO
		STATE:			ND
		ZIP:			58102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000312.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 nodk-20221231.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____ to _____ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

NORTH DAKOTA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code) 

) 
Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of the Securities Act) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

Based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on
NASDAQ on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately million. All executive officers and directors of the Registrant,
and all shareholders holding more than 10 of the Registrant s outstanding voting stock (other than institutional investors, such
as registered investment companies, eligible to file beneficial ownership reports on Schedule 13G), have been deemed, solely for the purpose
of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the Registrant. 

The number of the Registrant s common shares outstanding
on February 28, 2023 was . No preferred shares are issued or outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by
Reference 
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement relating to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held May 23, 2023 are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 

PART I 
 
 2 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 
 
 26 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
 Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 
 48 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 96 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 96 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 96 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
 that Prevent Inspections 
 96 

PART III 
 
 97 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and
 Corporate Governance 
 97 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 97 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 97 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions, and Director Independence 
 97 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 97 

PART IV 
 
 98 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules 
 98 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 
 Schedule I Condensed financial information of registrant NI Holdings, Inc. 
 101 

i 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains, and management may make, certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of
historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. Words such as may , will , should , likely ,
 anticipates , expects , intends , plans , projects , believes ,
 views , estimates , and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements
include, among other things, the Company s statements about: 

our anticipated operating and financial performance, business plans, and prospects; 

strategic reviews, capital allocation objectives, dividends, and share repurchases; 

plans for and prospects of acquisitions, dispositions, and other business development activities, and our ability to successfully
capitalize on these opportunities; 

the impact of a future pandemic and related economic conditions, including the potential impact on the Company's investments; 

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities either through acquisitions or the expansion
of our agent network; 

cyclical changes in the insurance industry, competition, and innovation and emerging technologies; 

expectations for impact of or changes to existing or new government regulations or laws; 

our ability to anticipate and respond to macroeconomic, geopolitical, health and industry trends, pandemics, acts of war, and other
large-scale crises; 

developments in general economic conditions, domestic and global financial markets, interest rates, unemployment, or inflation, that
could affect the performance of our insurance operations and/or investment portfolio; and 

our ability to effectively manage future growth, including additional necessary capital, systems, and personnel. 

Given their nature, we cannot assure that any outcome expressed
in these or other forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. Actual outcomes may vary materially from past results
and those anticipated, estimated, implied, or projected. These forward-looking statements may be affected by underlying assumptions that
may prove inaccurate or incomplete, or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including those described in this section and in the
Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022
Annual Report ). The occurrence of any of the risks identified in the Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors section in this
2022 Annual Report, or other risks currently unknown, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations, or we may be required to increase our accruals for contingencies. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
Consequently, you should not consider such discussion to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

Therefore, you are cautioned not to unduly rely
on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this 2022 Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities law. You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects. 

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

All dollar amounts,
except per share amounts, are in thousands. 

Overview 

NI Holdings, Inc. NI Holdings ,
 the Company , we , us , and our is a North Dakota business corporation that is the
stock holding company of Nodak Insurance Company and became such in connection with the conversion of Nodak Mutual Insurance Company Nodak
Mutual from a mutual to stock form of organization and the creation of a mutual holding company. The conversion was completed
on March 13, 2017. Immediately following the conversion, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Nodak Insurance Company Nodak
Insurance , the successor to Nodak Mutual Insurance Company) were issued to Nodak Mutual Group, Inc. Nodak Mutual Group ),
which then contributed the shares to NI Holdings in exchange for 55 of the outstanding shares of common stock of NI Holdings. Nodak Insurance
then became a wholly-owned stock subsidiary of NI Holdings. Prior to completion of the conversion, NI Holdings conducted no business and
had no assets or liabilities. As a result of the conversion, NI Holdings became the holding company for Nodak Insurance and its existing
subsidiaries. Concurrent with the conversion, on March 13, 2017, the Company completed an initial public offering IPO of 10,350,000 shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of 93,145 from the offering, after
deducting the underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The newly issued shares of NI Holdings were available for public trading on
March 16, 2017. 

These consolidated financial statements include include the financial
position and results of operations of NI Holdings and the following other entities: 

Nodak Insurance a wholly-owned subsidiary of NI Holdings; 

Nodak Agency, Inc. Nodak Agency a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nodak Insurance; 

American West Insurance Company American West a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nodak Insurance; 

Primero Insurance Company Primero an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Nodak Insurance; 

Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company Battle Creek an affiliated company of Nodak Insurance; 

Direct Auto Insurance Company Direct Auto a wholly-owned subsidiary of NI Holdings; and 

Westminster American Insurance Company Westminster a wholly-owned subsidiary of NI Holdings. 

2 

Table of Contents 

A chart of the corporate structure as of December 31, 2022, and a
more complete description of each of the NI Holdings subsidiaries, is included below. 

NI HOLDINGS, INC. 
ORGANIZATIONAL CHART 

Nodak Mutual Group, Inc. 

55 

ownership 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

100 

100 

100 

ownership 

ownership 

ownership 

Direct Auto Insurance Company 
 
 Nodak Insurance Company 
 
 Westminster American Insurance Company 

100 

100 

100 

ownership 

ownership 

Affiliation 

ownership 

Nodak Agency, Inc. 
 
 American West Insurance Company 
 
 Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company 
 
 Tri-State, Ltd 

100 

ownership 

Primero Insurance Company 

The executive offices of NI Holdings and Nodak
Insurance are located at 1101 First Avenue North, Fargo, North Dakota 58102, and the main office phone number is 701-298-4200. NI Holdings 
website address is www.niholdingsinc.com . The Company makes available on its website,
free of charge, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable
after it electronically files such material with, or furnish it to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).
Information contained on such website is not incorporated by reference into this 2022 Annual Report, and such information should not be
considered to be part of this 2022 Annual Report. 

3 

Table of Contents 

Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies 

Intercompany
Reinsurance Pooling Arrangement 

Effective January 1, 2020, all of our active insurance subsidiary
and affiliate companies entered into an intercompany reinsurance pooling agreement. This agreement was finalized, approved, and implemented
during the fourth quarter of 2020, retroactive to the January 1 effective date. Nodak Insurance is the lead company of the pool, and assumes
the net premiums, net losses, and underwriting expenses from each of the other five companies. Nodak Insurance then retrocedes balances
back to each company, while retaining its own share of the pool s net underwriting results, based on individual pool percentages
established in the respective pooling agreement. This arrangement allows each insurance company to rely upon the capacity of the pool s
total statutory capital and surplus. As a result, they are evaluated by A.M. Best Company, Inc. AM Best on a group basis
and hold a single combined financial strength rating, long-term issuer credit rating, and financial size category. 

In connection with the pooling agreement, the
quota share agreement between Battle Creek and Nodak Insurance was cancelled. As a result, the Company s consolidated financial
position and results of operations are impacted by the portion of Battle Creek s underwriting results that are allocated to the
policyholders of Battle Creek rather than the shareholders of NI Holdings. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the
pooling share percentages by insurance company were: 

Pool Percentage 
 
 Nodak Insurance Company 
 66.0 
 
 American West Insurance Company 
 7.0 
 
 Primero Insurance Company 
 3.0 
 
 Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company 
 2.0 
 
 Direct Auto Insurance Company 
 13.0 
 
 Westminster American Insurance Company 
 9.0 
 
 Total 
 100.0 

Nodak Insurance Company 

Nodak Insurance is the largest domestic property and casualty insurance
company in North Dakota, offering private passenger auto, homeowners, farmowners, commercial multi-peril, crop hail, and Federal multi-peril
crop insurance coverages through its captive agents in the state. 

Nodak Insurance was formed in 1946 to offer property
and casualty insurance to members of the North Dakota Farm Bureau NDFB ), and benefits from a strong marketing affiliation
with that organization. Nodak Insurance s bylaws provide that a person must be a member and remain a member of the NDFB in order
to become and remain a policyholder of Nodak Insurance. Nodak Insurance s bylaws also require that four members of the Board of
Directors of Nodak Insurance must be members of the NDFB. Similarly, one-third of the members of the Board of Directors of Nodak Mutual
Group must be persons designated by the NDFB. 

The NDFB has granted Nodak Insurance a nonexclusive,
nontransferable license to use the name Farm Bureau and the FB logo and associated trademarks to market Nodak
Insurance products. Nodak Insurance has held this license since the insurance company s inception in 1946, and the current version
of the license agreement has been in place since 2002. The current license agreement between the NDFB and Nodak Insurance renewed on October
1, 2022, with an expiration date of September 30, 2023. The agreement has historically been renewed annually by a vote of the Nodak Insurance
Board of Directors. Under the current license agreement, Nodak Insurance is required to pay to the NDFB an annual royalty payment equal
to 1.3 of Nodak Insurance s written premiums (excluding multi-peril crop insurance premiums), subject to a minimum annual payment
of 900 and a maximum annual payment of 1,576. The maximum royalty payment is adjusted annually based upon the June index month for the
Consumer Price Index. 

As of December 31, 2022, Nodak Insurance distributed
its insurance products through 70 exclusive agents appointed by Nodak Insurance. 

Nodak Agency, Inc. 

Nodak Agency is an inactive shell corporation. 

Tri-State, Ltd. 

Tri-State, Ltd. is an inactive shell corporation. 

4 

Table of Contents 

American West Insurance Company 

American West is a property and casualty insurance
company licensed in eight states in the Midwest and Western regions of the United States U.S. ). American West began writing
policies in 2002 and primarily writes personal auto, homeowners, and farm coverages in South Dakota. American West also writes personal
auto coverage in North Dakota, as well as crop hail and Federal multi-peril crop insurance coverages in Minnesota and South Dakota. As
of December 31, 2022, American West distributed its products through independent agents in 74 contracted agencies. 

Primero Insurance Company 

Primero is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tri-State,
Ltd. Tri-State, Ltd. is an inactive shell corporation 100 owned by Nodak Insurance. Primero is a property and casualty insurance company
writing non-standard automobile coverage in the states of Nevada, Arizona, North Dakota, and South Dakota. Primero was acquired by Nodak
Insurance in 2014. As of December 31, 2022, Primero distributed its policies through independent agents in 350 contracted agencies in
those four states. 

Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company 

Battle Creek is a property and casualty insurance
company writing personal auto, homeowners, and farm coverages solely in the state of Nebraska. As of December 31, 2022, Battle Creek distributed
its policies through independent agents in 124 contracted agencies. Battle Creek became affiliated with Nodak Insurance in 2011, and Nodak
Insurance provides underwriting, claims management, policy administration, and other administrative services to Battle Creek. 

Effective January 1, 2020, all of our insurance
company subsidiaries entered into an intercompany reinsurance pooling agreement. In conjunction with this agreement, the previous 100 
quota-share reinsurance agreement between Battle Creek and Nodak Insurance was terminated on a cut-off basis as of January 1, 2020. Upon
termination, Nodak Insurance transferred to Battle Creek all liabilities related to outstanding loss and loss adjustment expense reserves
and all liabilities related to the adjusted unearned premium reserve. In exchange, an intercompany cash payment was made to compensate
Battle Creek for the transfer of these liabilities. 

The 3.0 million surplus note originally issued by Battle Creek and purchased by Nodak Insurance
in connection with their affiliation agreement remains in place. It bears interest at an annual rate of 1.0 and matures on December 30,
2040. Battle Creek must obtain prior approval from the appropriate state of domicile before making any payment of interest or principal
on the surplus note. 

Pursuant to the affiliation agreement, so long
as the surplus note remains outstanding, Nodak Insurance is entitled to appoint two-thirds of the Board of Directors of Battle Creek.
The affiliation agreement can be terminated by mutual written agreement of Battle Creek and Nodak Insurance or by either party if there
is a material breach of the agreement by the other party and such breach is not cured within 15 days after written notice of such breach
is given by the terminating party to the other party. 

Direct Auto Insurance Company 

Direct Auto is a property and casualty insurance
company licensed in Illinois. Direct Auto began writing non-standard automobile coverage in 2007, and was acquired by NI Holdings on August
31, 2018, via a stock purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Direct Auto distributed its policies through independent agents in
147 contracted agencies, concentrated primarily in the Chicago area. 

Westminster American Insurance Company 

Westminster is a property and casualty insurance company licensed in 18 states and
the District of Columbia. Westminster is headquartered in Owings Mills, Maryland and underwrites commercial multi-peril insurance in the
states of Delaware, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, New Jersey, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia,
and the District of Columbia. Westminster was acquired by NI Holdings on January 1, 2020, via a stock purchase agreement. As of December
31, 2022, Westminster distributed its policies through independent agents in 61 contracted agencies in those 11 states and the District
of Columbia. The financial results of Westminster have been included in the consolidated financial statements and the Company s
commercial segment following the acquisition date. See Part II, Item 8, Note 4 Acquisition of Westminster American Insurance Company. 

General Information 

Nodak Insurance markets and distributes its policies through
its captive agents, while all other companies utilize the independent agent distribution channel. Additionally, all of the Company s
insurance subsidiary and affiliate companies are rated A Excellent by AM Best. 

5 

Table of Contents 

The same executive management team provides oversight
and strategic direction for the entire organization. Nodak Insurance provides common product oversight, pricing practices, and underwriting
standards, as well as underwriting and claims administration, to itself, American West, and Battle Creek. Primero, Direct Auto, and Westminster
personnel manage the day-to-day operations of their respective companies. 

The consolidated financial statements of NI Holdings
presented herein include the financial position and results of operations of NI Holdings, Direct Auto, Westminster, and Nodak Insurance,
including Nodak Insurance s subsidiaries American West and Primero, and its affiliate Battle Creek. Each of the six insurance companies
is subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the insurance department of its state of domicile. 

Market Overview 

We market our personal lines products in the upper
Midwest states of North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Minnesota. We offer non-standard auto insurance in the states of Nevada, Arizona,
North Dakota, South Dakota, and Illinois. We offer commercial multi-peril insurance in the states of New Jersey, Maryland, Pennsylvania,
Virginia, Georgia, North Carolina, Delaware, South Carolina, West Virginia, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee, Kentucky, and the District
of Columbia. The following chart shows our direct premiums written during the last two years and our relative market share within each
of our states during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Direct Premiums 
 Written 
 Direct Premiums 
 Written 
 Market Size 
 Rank in 
State 
 
 North Dakota 
 159,260 
 148,119 
 2,991,000 
 5 th 
 
 Illinois 
 70,599 
 51,350 
 30,485,000 
 67 th 
 
 Nebraska 
 47,554 
 43,247 
 6,073,000 
 31 st 
 
 South Dakota 
 26,880 
 23,047 
 3,049,000 
 32 nd 
 
 Georgia 
 15,448 
 13,085 
 26,513,000 
 118 th 
 
 Maryland 
 14,227 
 13,548 
 13,834,000 
 79 th 
 
 New Jersey 
 9,732 
 8,294 
 24,785,000 
 139 th 
 
 Virginia 
 8,606 
 6,262 
 16,597,000 
 130 th 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 8,486 
 8,235 
 28,339,000 
 164 th 
 
 North Carolina 
 8,110 
 6,641 
 19,677,000 
 141 st 
 
 Minnesota 
 5,075 
 3,350 
 14,037,000 
 141 st 
 
 Nevada 
 4,552 
 8,132 
 7,050,000 
 85 th 
 
 District of Columbia 
 4,182 
 4,055 
 2,328,000 
 59 th 
 
 South Carolina 
 3,630 
 2,783 
 12,104,000 
 159 th 
 
 Delaware 
 1,545 
 1,502 
 3,262,000 
 107 th 
 
 Arizona 
 1,175 
 475 
 14,087,000 
 242 nd 
 
 Tennessee 
 516 

Kentucky 
 83 

West Virginia 
 46 
 90 
 3,141,000 
 182 nd 
 
 Total direct premiums written 
 389,706 
 342,215 

Market size information is not yet available for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Organic Growth Strategy 

We believe we have many opportunities to organically
grow our business. Strategies we employ to achieve this growth include: 

continued emphasis on our relationship with the NDFB, a key advocacy group for agricultural and rural interests which enjoys a high
profile and favorable reputation throughout North Dakota; 

leveraging our AM Best financial strength rating and financial size category to strategically grow Westminster s commercial
business; 

expansion and enhancement of independent agency relationships, including the use of technology such as mobile apps, online quoting,
and policy issuance initiatives to make it easy for agents and insureds to do business with us; 

expansion of our non-standard auto business in selective markets; 

capitalizing on our excellent claims service for all insureds; and 

selective expansion of our insurance products in states where we currently operate, as well as those states where we hold insurance
licenses. 

External Growth Strategy 

We acquired Direct Auto in 2018 with capital raised
through our IPO. The acquisition was the initial step in executing our growth strategy developed at the time of the IPO. 

We also acquired Westminster in January 2020 with
capital raised through our IPO. This acquisition expanded our commercial insurance business, geographically diversified our spread of
insurance risks, and provided additional expense efficiencies. 

Prior to the IPO, we successfully acquired Primero
in 2014, acquired control of Battle Creek in 2011, and acquired American West in 2001. 

Going forward, we plan to consider other strategic
investments and acquisitions that can enhance our businesses, provide diversification with respect to geography and product line, and
achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns over time. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Capital Strategy 

Our philosophy is to deploy capital in a manner
that provides long-term protection for our policyholders and creates long-term value for our shareholders. This philosophy is supported
by a number of underlying strategies implemented across the organization that are focused on preservation of capital, including: 

prioritizing the use of data and modeling tools to help estimate the frequency and severity of risks within our insurance portfolio; 

maintaining a conservatively managed investment portfolio that supports our insurance operations under a wide range of operating and
market conditions; 

ensuring our reinsurance program is designed to provide sufficient protection against material insurance exposures including, but
not limited to, catastrophes caused by weather-related events; and 

relying upon our Enterprise Risk Management framework to identify, quantify, and manage a broad range of risks across the organization. 

We view our capital position to consist of three
layers, each of which has a specific size and purpose: 

The first layer of capital, which we refer to as regulatory capital , is the amount of capital needed to satisfy state
insurance regulatory requirements while supporting our growth objectives. This capital is held by each of our insurance company subsidiaries. 

The second layer of capital is considered contingency capital . While our regulatory capital is, by definition, a cushion
for absorbing financial consequences of adverse events, such as loss reserve development, litigation, weather catastrophes, and investment
market corrections, we view that as a base and hold additional capital for even more extreme operating conditions. This capital is generally
also held by each of our insurance company subsidiaries. 

The third layer of capital is classified as excess capital and represents the excess of the sum of the first two layers.
This capital is available for deployment by NI Holdings in conjunction with our excess capital deployment priorities. 

Our excess capital deployment priorities are
to (1) invest in existing businesses where we see opportunities for profitable growth, (2) make strategic investments and acquisitions
that enhance our businesses and achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns over time, and (3) return capital to shareholders through share
repurchases or shareholder dividends. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Insurance Products by Segment 

The Company s consolidated financial results
include our Private Passenger Auto, Non-Standard Auto, Home and Farm, Commercial, Crop, and All Other reporting segments. Information
regarding products and services offered in each segment is included below. Additionally, revenues, underwriting results, and identifiable
assets and liabilities for each segment are shown in Part II, Item 8, Note 20 Segment Information . The financial performance
of each segment is discussed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations . 

Private Passenger Auto 

Nodak Insurance, Battle Creek, and American West
each write private passenger auto insurance to provide protection against liability for bodily injury and property damage arising from
automobile accidents and protection against loss from damage to automobiles owned by the insured. Private passenger auto accounted for
 82,311 (21.1 of direct premiums written by the Company on a consolidated basis during 2022. 

Non-standard Auto 

Primero and Direct Auto write non-standard auto
insurance with a focus on minimum-limit auto liability coverage. Non-standard auto insurance accounted for 77,798 (20.0 of direct premiums
written by the Company on a consolidated basis during 2022. 

Home and Farm 

Nodak Insurance, Battle Creek, and American West
each write homeowners and farmowners policies to provide coverage for damage to buildings, equipment, and contents for a variety of perils,
including fire, lightning, wind, hail, and theft. These policies also cover liability arising from injury to other persons or their property
while on the insured s premises. Home and farm accounted for 90,701 (23.3 of direct premiums written by the Company on a consolidated
basis during 2022. 

Crop 

Crop hail and multi-peril crop insurance policies
are also offered by Nodak Insurance, American West, and Battle Creek. Multi-peril crop insurance is a federal program that protects against
crop yield losses from all types of natural causes including drought, excessive moisture, freeze, and disease. Crop hail insurance is
a private insurance product designed to provide protection against losses to farmer s crops due primarily to hail damage. Collectively,
crop insurance accounted for 53,215 (13.7 of direct premiums written by the Company on a consolidated basis during 2022. 

Commercial 

Nodak
Insurance, American West, and Westminster write commercial multi-peril policies. Collectively, commercial insurance accounted for 80,443
(20.6 of the direct premiums written by the Company on a consolidated basis during 2022. 

All Other 

In addition to the products described above,
Nodak Insurance and American West write excess liability coverages. Collectively, these other coverages accounted for 5,238 (1.3 of
the direct premiums written by the Company on a consolidated basis during 2022. This segment also includes an assumed reinsurance book
of business, with 4,045 of assumed premiums written on a consolidated basis during 2022. The Company made the decision to non-renew
its participation in this assumed book of business as of January 1, 2022, and the associated assumed premiums represent run-off of this
business. 

Crop Insurance 

Crop insurance is purchased by agricultural producers,
including farmers, ranchers, and others to protect themselves against either the loss of their crops (yield) due to natural disasters,
such as hail, drought, and floods, or the loss of revenue due to declines in the prices of agricultural products. The two general categories
of crop insurance are generally referred to as crop-yield insurance and crop-revenue insurance . Crop-yield
insurance protects against a reduction in the yield per acre from the historical average yield in a specified area, such as a county or
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration weather grid, while crop-revenue insurance provides protection against declines in the
price of the particular crop. Most of the multi-peril crop insurance policies written today combine both yield and revenue protection,
with the revenue component providing the policyholder with the option to calculate price-based losses on the higher of the prevailing
price when the crop is planted or the price at harvest. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Beginning in 1980, the U.S. Congress expanded
the federal crop insurance program to cover more crops and regions of the country. More importantly, Congress permitted private sector
insurers to market and administer federal insurance policies in exchange for an opportunity to earn a profit while bearing a portion of
the insurance risk. Congress also authorized a premium subsidy for the farmers and ranchers. As a result, there was a rapid increase in
the acres insured from approximately 26 million acres in 1980 to 100 million acres in 1990. The Federal Crop Insurance Reform Act of 1994
made participation in the crop insurance program mandatory for farmers to be eligible to participate in other government support programs
and provided a minimum level of free catastrophic risk coverage for insured and noninsured crops. 

American Farm Bureau Insurance Services AFBIS underwrites all of our multi-peril crop and crop hail insurance policies, as well as several other state Farm Bureau-affiliated insurers.
AFBIS also processes and administers all claims made by policyholders under such policies. We reimburse AFBIS for its actual loss adjustment
expense with respect to the policies issued by us and pay AFBIS a percentage of the premiums we receive with respect to such policies. 

Marketing and Distribution 

Our marketing philosophy is to sell profitable
business in our core states, using a focused, cost-effective distribution system. Nodak Insurance distributes its insurance products through
exclusive agents in North Dakota, while American West, Battle Creek, Primero, Direct Auto, and Westminster rely on independent agents. 

We review our agents with respect to both premium
volume and profitability. Our captive agents for Nodak Insurance are hired and trained by our sales staff in North Dakota, while the independent
agents for our other companies are appointed by the underwriting or marketing staff for each respective company. We hold regular training
sessions when we introduce new products or product changes, and we identify specific topics that may help our agents more effectively
market our products. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, no individual
agent was responsible for more than 5 of the Company s direct premiums written. 

Agents are compensated through a fixed base commission
structure. Agents receive commission as a percentage of premiums as their primary compensation from us. The Risk Management Agency of
the United States Department of Agriculture RMA establishes the maximum commission that can be paid to agents with respect
to crop insurance policies. Battle Creek and American West pay profit-sharing commissions to their agencies based on various annual agency
premium thresholds and the difference between the agency s loss ratio and the loss ratio goal established by the insurance company.
The commission is paid with respect to all property and casualty (non-crop) business earned within the calendar year. Nodak Insurance
pays a profit-sharing commission to its agents only with respect to farmowners business originated by such agents. Westminster also pays
profit-sharing commissions to its agencies based on annual premium thresholds and profitability. 

Our marketing efforts are further supported by
our claims philosophy, which is designed to provide prompt and efficient service and claims processing, resulting in a positive experience
for agents and policyholders. We believe that these positive experiences contribute to achieving higher policyholder retention and new
business growth over time. While we rely on our independent agents for distribution and customer support, underwriting and claim handling
responsibilities are retained by us. Many of our agents have had direct relationships with us for a number of years. 

Underwriting, Risk Assessment, and Pricing 

We strive to be disciplined in our pricing by
pursuing rate increases to maintain or improve our underwriting profitability while still being able to attract and retain customers.
We utilize pricing reviews that we believe will help us price risks more accurately, maintain appropriate policyholder retention, and
support the production of profitable new business. These pricing reviews involve evaluating our claims experience and loss trends on a
periodic basis to identify changes in the frequency and severity of our claims. We then consider whether our premium rates are adequate
relative to the level of underwriting risk as well as the sufficiency of our underwriting guidelines. 

The nature of our business requires that we remain
sensitive to the marketplace and the pricing strategies of our competitors. Using the market information as a reference point, we typically
set our prices based on our estimated future costs. From time to time, we may reduce our discounts or apply a premium surcharge to achieve
an appropriate return. Pricing flexibility allows us to provide a fair rate commensurate with the assumed risk. If our pricing strategy
cannot yield sufficient premium to cover our costs on a particular type of risk, we may choose not to underwrite that risk. It is our
philosophy not to sacrifice profitability for premium growth. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Our Nodak Insurance underwriting staff includes
20 employees with approximately 265 combined years of experience in property and casualty underwriting. They are located primarily at
our home office in Fargo, North Dakota, as well as our office in Battle Creek, Nebraska, and underwrite coverage issued by Nodak Insurance,
American West, and Battle Creek. 

Primero and Direct Auto employ 12 underwriters
in connection with their non-standard auto insurance businesses. Westminster has a staff of 13 in the underwriting area of its commercial
insurance business. All of our crop insurance is underwritten by AFBIS, as described above. 

Enterprise Risk Management 

Our Company is subject to significant risks, including
the normal risks of a property and casualty insurance company. These risks are discussed in more detail in Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors . 

We consider an enterprise-wide risk management
program to be an integral part of managing our business and a key element in our approach to corporate governance. Our Enterprise Risk
Management Committee (the ERMC is responsible for the alignment of operational risk management strategies as the coordination
point for enterprise-level direction setting with regard to risk management issues. The multi-disciplinary ERMC regularly monitors risk
reports and metrics regarding a variety of continuing and emerging risks that may adversely affect the Company, its shareholders, its
policyholders, or other stakeholders. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees risk management and regularly receives reports
from the ERMC. 

Cybersecurity risk is an important and evolving
focus for the Company. The increased sophistication and activities of unauthorized parties attempting to access our systems is an ever-present
risk. Cybersecurity risks may also arise from human error, fraud, or malice on the part of employees or third parties who have authorized
access to the Company s systems or information. 

Our cybersecurity strategy employs a variety of tactics to monitor and assess
threat levels, remediate our exposures, and enhance our systems and applications security. The Company collaborates with third-party cybersecurity
advisors to provide periodic penetration tests, system assessments, and recommendations based on industry best practices. The Company
also requires monthly online security training to be completed by all employees. While we have experienced threats to our data and systems,
to date, we have not experienced any known cybersecurity breaches. 

Reinsurance 

We cede and assume certain premiums and losses to and from various
companies and associations under a variety of reinsurance agreements. We seek to limit the maximum net loss that can arise from large
risks or risks in concentrated areas of exposure through use of these agreements, either on an automatic basis under general reinsurance
contracts known as treaties or through facultative contracts on substantial individual risks. 

Reinsurance contracts do not relieve us from our obligation to policyholders.
Additionally, failure of reinsurers to honor their obligations could result in significant losses to us. There can be no assurance that
reinsurance will continue to be available to us to the same extent, and at the same cost, as it has in the past. The Company may choose
in the future to reevaluate the use of reinsurance to increase or decrease the amounts of risk ceded to reinsurers. 

For additional information, see Part II, Item 8, Note 7 Reinsurance . 

Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

We maintain reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses.
Our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses consists of (1) case reserves, which are reserves for claims that have been
reported to us, and (2) reserves for claims that have been incurred but not yet been reported and for the future development of case reserves IBNR ). The Company determines a provision for the ultimate cost of those claims without regard to how long it takes to
settle them or the time value of money. The determination of reserves involves actuarial and statistical projections of what we expect
to be the cost of the ultimate settlement and administration of such claims. The liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
is set based on facts and circumstances then known, estimates of future trends in claims severity, and other variable factors such as
inflation and changing judicial theories of liability. Our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is not discounted. 

11 

Table of Contents 

For additional information, see Part II, Item 7, Critical
Accounting Policies and Part II, Item 8, Note 9 Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses . 

Investments 

The majority of funds available for investments are deployed in
a widely diversified portfolio of high quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt, and taxable U.S. municipal and taxable corporate
and U.S. agency mortgage-backed bonds. The Company regularly monitors the effective duration of its fixed maturity investments, and the
Company s investment purchases and sales are executed with the objective of having adequate funds available to satisfy its insurance
and debt obligations. Generally, the expected principle and interest payments produced by the Company s fixed maturity portfolio
adequately fund the estimated runoff of the Company s insurance reserves. The substantial amount by which the fair value of the
fixed maturity portfolio exceeds the value of the net insurance liabilities, as well as the positive cash flow from newly sold policies
and the large amount of high-quality liquid bonds, contribute to the Company s ability to fund claim payments without having to
sell illiquid assets or access its credit facilities. 

The Company also invests a much smaller percentage of the portfolio
in private placement debt offerings and equity securities, which have the potential for higher returns but also involve varying degrees
of risk, including higher volatility and/or less liquidity. 

The Executive Committee of NI Holdings Board of Directors
reviews and approves the Company s investment policy periodically. The investment portfolio is managed by Conning, Inc. and Disciplined
Growth Investors. 

For additional information, see Part II, Item 7, Critical
Accounting Policies and Part II, Item 8, Note 5 Investments . 

Financial Strength 

Ratings are an important factor in assessing the
Company s competitive position in the insurance industry. The Company is reviewed regularly by the independent rating agency AM
Best, who assigns a financial strength rating to the Company, which reflects its assessment of an insurer s ability to meet its
financial obligations to policyholders. An insurer s financial strength rating is one of the primary factors evaluated by those
in the market to purchase insurance. A poor rating indicates that there is an increased likelihood that the insurer could become insolvent
and therefore not able to fulfill its obligations under the insurance policies it issues. This rating can also affect an insurer s
level of premium writings, the lines of business it can write, and, for insurers like us that are also public registrants, the market
value of its securities. 

All of the Company s insurance subsidiary
and affiliate companies are rated A Excellent by AM Best, which is the third highest out of 15 possible ratings, under
a group rating due to the intercompany pooling reinsurance agreement. Effective April 14, 2022, AM Best has affirmed a stable financial
strength outlook to the group. 

Competition 

The property casualty and crop insurance markets
are competitive. We compete with stock insurance companies, mutual companies, and other underwriting organizations. Our largest competitors
in North Dakota for private passenger auto and homeowners include Progressive Casualty Insurance Company, State Farm Mutual Insurance
Company, American Family Insurance, Allstate Corporation, Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Company, and Auto-Owners Insurance. In South
Dakota and Nebraska, we have small market shares and our competitors are the large national and regional companies as well as Farmers
Mutual of Nebraska. In our non-standard auto markets, which are primarily Illinois, Nevada, and Arizona, our primary competitors are regional
carriers. 

Westminster s primary competition comes
from regional carriers including Harford Mutual Insurance Company, Greater New York Mutual, and Millers Capital. We also see competition
from national companies like The Travelers Companies and Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. 

Based on 2021 data, Nodak Insurance is the second
largest writer of farmowners insurance in North Dakota. Our largest competitors include Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Company, North
Star Mutual Insurance Company, American Family Insurance, and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company. In Nebraska and South Dakota, we have
a small farmowners market share, which is dominated by the large national and regional carriers. 

The principal competitors in our markets for multi-peril
crop insurance include Chubb Corporation, QBE Insurance Group, Rural Community Insurance Services, CGB Enterprises, and Great American
Insurance Group. The premium rates for multi-peril crop 

12 

Table of Contents 

insurance are established by the RMA and, accordingly, we
compete with other insurance companies on factors such as agency relationships, claim service, and market reputation in the crop
insurance market. We believe that our relationship with the NDFB and our leading market share are significant factors in maintaining
our market share of the crop insurance business in North Dakota. The Company s multi-peril crop insurance premiums for North
Dakota were 45,465, 38,325, and 32,674 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Total North Dakota
multi-peril crop premiums for the industry were 1,537,758, 1,083,565, and 861,567 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020, respectively. 

With respect to writing property and casualty
insurance, competitive factors include pricing, agency relationships, policy support, claim service, and market reputation. Like other
writers of property and casualty insurance, our policy terms vary from state to state based on state regulations, competition, pricing,
and other factors including the prescribed minimum liability limits in each state. We believe our Company differentiates itself from many
larger companies competing for this business by focusing on ease of doing business and providing excellent claims service with local,
knowledgeable employees. 

To compete successfully in the property and casualty
insurance market, we rely on our ability to identify insureds that are most likely to produce an underwriting profit, operate with a
disciplined underwriting approach, practice prudent claims management, reserve appropriately for unpaid claims, and provide quality service
and competitive commissions to our independent and captive agents. 

Regulation 

General 

We are subject to extensive regulation, particularly
at the state level. The method, extent, and substance of such regulation varies by state, but generally has its source in statutes and
regulations that establish standards and requirements for conducting the business of insurance and that delegate regulatory authority
to state insurance regulatory agencies. In general, such regulation is intended for the protection of those who purchase or use insurance
products, not the companies that write the policies. These laws and regulations have a significant impact on our business and relate to
a wide variety of matters including accounting methods, agent and company licensure, claims procedures, corporate governance, examinations,
investing practices, policy forms, pricing, trade practices, reserve adequacy, and underwriting standards. 

State insurance laws and regulations require our
insurance company subsidiaries to file financial statements with state insurance departments everywhere they do business, and they are
subject to examination by the departments they are domiciled in at any time. Our insurance company subsidiaries prepare statutory-basis
financial statements in accordance with accounting practices and procedures prescribed or permitted by the state in which they are domiciled.
Our domiciliary states generally conform to National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC accounting practices
and procedures, so our examination reports and other filings generally are accepted by other states. 

The NAIC provides guidance to the states with
respect to standardized laws and regulations (including the accounting practices and procedures discussed above), which represent an effort
to standardize insurance industry practices across state lines, oftentimes referred to as Model Regulations . It should be
noted that these model laws are regulations that have no authority until the individual states pass them as part of the
state legislative process, which may, or may not, be done as suggested, or with modifications. 

Premium rate regulation varies greatly among jurisdictions
and lines of insurance. In the states in which our insurance company subsidiaries write insurance, premium rates for the various lines
of insurance are subject to either prior approval or limited review upon implementation. The premium rates for multi-peril crop insurance
are established by the RMA. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1, Crop Insurance . 

Many jurisdictions have laws and regulations that
limit an insurer s ability to withdraw from a particular market. For example, states may limit an insurer s ability to cancel
or non-renew policies. Laws and regulations that limit cancellation and non-renewal may restrict our ability to exit unprofitable marketplaces
in a timely manner. 

Crop Insurance 

The multi-peril crop insurance business is overseen
by the federal government through the RMA. The RMA outlines policy language, establishes premium rates, and develops loss adjustment procedures
for insurance programs under the federal crop insurance program. In addition, through the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation FCIC ),
the RMA provides premium subsidies to farmers and sets the commission percentages that can be paid to agents. All participating insurance
carriers are subject to the same Standard Reinsurance Agreement SRA ), which outlines items such as reporting requirements
and claims handling procedures, proportional and non-proportional reinsurance terms, and the level of administrative and operating reimbursement
paid to insurers. The RMA also provides oversight to the approved insurance providers AIPs ). The AIPs are required to use
the policies, premium rates, and loss adjustment 

13 

Table of Contents 

procedures set by the RMA without modification and are required to issue a policy to
any eligible applicant regardless of risk or profitability. The RMA conducts audits of AIPs with respect to claims and loss adjustment
procedures. 

American Agricultural Insurance Company is the
AIP through which we issue multi-peril crop insurance policies and is the holder of the SRA with the FCIC. 

NAIC Risk-Based Capital Requirements 

North Dakota and most other states have adopted
the NAIC system of risk-based capital requirements that require insurance companies to calculate and report information under a risk-based
formula. These risk-based capital requirements attempt to measure statutory capital and surplus needs based on the risks in a company s
mix of products and investment portfolio. Under the formula, a company first determines its authorized control level risk-based
capital. This authorized control level takes into account (i) the risk with respect to the insurer s assets; (ii) the risk of adverse
insurance experience with respect to the insurer s liabilities and obligations; (iii) the interest rate risk with respect to the
insurer s business; and (iv) all other business risks and such other relevant risks as are set forth in the risk-based capital instructions.
A company s total adjusted capital is the sum of statutory capital and surplus and such other items as the risk-based
capital instructions may provide. The formula is designed to allow state insurance regulators to identify insufficiently capitalized companies. 

The requirements provide for four different levels
of regulatory attention. The company action level is triggered if a company s total adjusted capital is less than
2.0 times its authorized control level but greater than or equal to 1.5 times its authorized control level. At the company action level,
the company must submit a comprehensive plan to the regulatory authority that discusses proposed corrective actions to improve the capital
position. The regulatory action level is triggered if a company s total adjusted capital is less than 1.5 times but
greater than or equal to 1.0 times its authorized control level. At the regulatory action level, the regulatory authority will perform
a special examination of the company and issue an order specifying corrective actions that must be followed. The authorized control
level is triggered if a company s total adjusted capital is less than 1.0 times but greater than or equal to 0.7 times its
authorized control level. At this level, the regulatory authority may take action it deems necessary, including placing the company under
regulatory control. The mandatory control level is triggered if a company s total adjusted capital is less than 0.7
times its authorized control level. At this level, the regulatory authority is mandated to place the company under its control. The capital
levels of our insurance subsidiary and affiliate companies all exceed the authorized control level and have never triggered any of these
regulatory capital levels. We cannot guarantee, however, that the capital requirements applicable to such companies will not increase
in the future, or that the underlying ratios will not erode. 

NAIC Ratios 

The NAIC has also developed a set of 13 financial
ratios referred to as the Insurance Regulatory Information System IRIS ). Based on statutory-basis financial statements
filed with state insurance regulators, the NAIC annually calculates these IRIS ratios to assist state insurance regulators in monitoring
the financial condition of insurance companies. The NAIC has established an acceptable range for each of the IRIS financial ratios. If
four or more of its IRIS ratios fall outside the range deemed acceptable by the NAIC, an insurance company may receive inquiries from
individual state insurance departments. However, a ratio falling outside the usual range may not necessarily
be considered adverse. In some years, it may not be unusual for financially sound companies to have several ratios with results outside
the usual ranges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our insurance company subsidiaries produced results outside the acceptable
range for as many as six of the IRIS tests, primarily driven by our significant net loss for the current year that negatively impacted
IRIS ratios related to the operating ratio and certain ratios based on policyholders surplus. During the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020, none of our insurance company subsidiaries produced results outside the acceptable range for more than two of the IRIS
tests. 

Enterprise Risk Assessment 

In 2012, the NAIC adopted various changes to its
Model Regulations (the NAIC Amendments ). The NAIC Amendments, when adopted by the various states, are designed to respond
to perceived gaps in the regulation of insurance holding company systems in the U.S. The NAIC Amendments include a requirement that an
insurance holding company system s ultimate controlling person submit annually to its lead state insurance regulator an enterprise
risk report . This enterprise risk report identifies the activities, circumstances, or events involving one or more affiliates of
an insurer that, if not remedied properly, are likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the
insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. The Company files a Form F Enterprise Report annually with each domiciliary
state in support of this requirement. The NAIC Amendments also include provisions requiring a controlling person to submit prior notice
to its domiciliary insurance regulator of its divestiture of control, having detailed minimum requirements for cost sharing and management
agreements between an insurer and its affiliates, and expanding of the agreements between an insurer and its affiliates to be filed with
its domiciliary insurance regulator. 

In 2012, the NAIC also adopted the Own Risk Solvency
Assessment ORSA Model Act. The ORSA Model Act, when adopted by the various states, will require an insurance holding company
system s chief risk officer to submit at least annually to its lead state insurance regulator a confidential report detailing its
own internal solvency assessment. Such an assessment is to be tailored to the nature, scale, and complexity of an insurer. This assessment
will include the material and relevant risks identified by the insurer associated with an insurer s current business plan and the
sufficiency of capital resources to support those risks. Although our insurance company subsidiaries are exempt from ORSA because of their
size, we intend to incorporate those elements of ORSA that it believes constitute best practices into its internal enterprise
risk assessment. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Market Conduct Regulation 

State insurance laws and regulations include numerous
provisions governing trade practices and the marketplace activities of insurers, including provisions governing the form and content of
disclosure to consumers, illustrations, advertising, sales practices, and complaint handling. State regulatory authorities generally enforce
these provisions through periodic market conduct examinations. 

Guaranty Fund Laws 

All states have guaranty fund laws under which
insurers doing business in the state can be assessed to fund policyholder liabilities of insolvent insurance companies. Under these laws,
an insurer is subject to assessment depending upon its market share in the state of a given line of business. For the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid only minimal assessments pursuant to state insurance guaranty association laws. We establish reserves
relating to insurance companies that are subject to insolvency proceedings when it becomes probable that we will be subject to an assessment
and the amount of such assessment can be estimated. We cannot predict the amount and timing of any future assessments under these laws. 

Federal Regulation 

The U.S. federal government generally does not
directly regulate the insurance industry except for certain areas of the market, such as insurance for crops, flood, nuclear, and terrorism
risks. However, the federal government has undertaken initiatives or considered legislation in several areas that may affect the insurance
industry, including tort reform, corporate governance, and the taxation of reinsurance companies. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Federal
Insurance Office, which is authorized to study, monitor, and report to Congress on the insurance industry and to recommend that the Financial
Stability Oversight Council designate an insurer as an entity posing risks to the U.S. financial stability in the event of the insurer s
material financial distress or failure. In December 2013, the Federal Insurance Office issued a report on alternatives to modernize and
improve the system of insurance regulation in the U.S., including by increasing national uniformity through either a federal charter or
effective action by the states. Changes to federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas, including changes in federal
taxation, can also significantly affect the insurance industry and us. 

We are also subject to the Fair and Accurate Credit
Transactions Act of 2003 and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, both of which require us to protect the
privacy of our customers information, including health and credit information. 

Privacy 

We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state
laws governing the collection, disclosure, and protection of personal and confidential information of our clients or employees. These
laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, and may conflict. Congress, state legislatures, and regulatory
authorities are expected to consider additional regulation relating to privacy and other aspects of customer information. 

As mandated by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA ),
states have promulgated laws and regulations that require financial institutions, including insurance companies, to take steps to protect
the privacy of certain consumer and customer information. The NAIC has adopted several provisions to facilitate the implementation of
the GLBA, including the Privacy of Consumer Financial and Health Information Model Regulation and the Standards for Safeguarding Customer
Information Model Regulation. Several states adopted similar provisions regarding the safeguarding of customer information. We have implemented
procedures to comply with the GLBA s related privacy requirements. 

In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance
Data Security Model Law IDSML ), which requires insurers, insurance agents, and other entities required to be licensed under
state insurance laws to develop and maintain a written information security program, conduct risk assessments, oversee the data security
practices of third-party service providers, and other related requirements. It is not clear whether, and to what extent, legislatures
or insurance regulators in the states in which we, or our subsidiaries, operate will enact the IDMSL. Such enactments and regulations
could raise compliance costs and subject us to the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, penalties, and reputational harm. Any such
events could potentially have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Office of Foreign Asset Control 

The Treasury Department s Office of Foreign
Asset Control OFAC maintains a list of Specifically Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the SDN
List ). The SDN List identifies persons and entities that the government believes are associated with terrorists, rogue nations,
or drug traffickers. OFAC s regulations prohibit insurers, among others, from doing business with persons or entities on the SDN
List. If the insurer finds and confirms a match, the insurer must take steps to block or reject the transaction, notify the affected person,
and file a report with OFAC. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of
2012 

Until December 31, 2022, we were an emerging growth
company EGC ), as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). We previously
took advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs,
such as reduced public company reporting, accounting, and corporate governance requirements. However, beginning on December 31, 2022,
we are no longer an EGC and will no longer have the ability to delay adoption of these new or revised accounting standards, or to take
advantage of reduced corporate governance disclosures. 

Dividends 

As an insurance holding company with no independent
operations or source of revenue, our capacity to pay dividends to our shareholders is based on the ability of our insurance company subsidiaries
to pay dividends to us. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us is regulated by the laws of their state of domicile. Under
these laws, insurance companies must provide advance informational notice to the domicile state insurance regulatory authority prior to
payment of any dividend or distribution to its shareholders. Prior approval from the state insurance regulatory authority must be obtained
before payment of an extraordinary dividend as defined under the state's insurance code. For additional information, see
Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital
Resources , and Part II, Item 8, Note 21 Statutory Net Income (Loss), Capital and Surplus, and Dividend Restrictions . 

Holding Company Laws 

Most states, including North Dakota, have enacted
legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems. Each insurance company in a holding company system is required to register
with the insurance supervisory agency of its state of domicile and furnish certain information, including information concerning the operations
of companies within the holding company group that may materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of the insurers
within the group. Pursuant to these laws, the North Dakota Insurance Department requires prior disclosure of material transactions involving
an insurance company and its affiliates. Under these laws, the North Dakota Insurance Department will have the right to examine us at
any time. 

All transactions within our consolidated group
affecting our insurance company subsidiaries must be fair and equitable. Notice of certain material transactions between NI Holdings and
any person or entity in our holding company system will be required to be given to the Department of Insurance of the applicable domiciliary
state. Certain transactions cannot be completed without the prior approval of the various Departments of Insurance. 

Approval of the state insurance commissioner
is required prior to any transaction affecting the control of an insurer domiciled in that state. In North Dakota, the acquisition of
10 or more of the outstanding voting securities of an insurer or its holding company is presumed to be a change in control. North Dakota
law also prohibits any person or entity from (i) making a tender offer for, or a request or invitation for tenders of, or seeking to
acquire or acquiring any voting security of a North Dakota insurer if, after the acquisition, the person or entity would be in control
of the insurer, or (ii) effecting or attempting to effect an acquisition of control of or merger with a North Dakota insurer, unless
the offer, request, invitation, acquisition, effectuation, or attempt has received the prior approval of the North Dakota Insurance Department. 

Human Capital 

The Company s key human capital management
objectives are to attract, retain, and develop talent to deliver on the Company s strategy. To support these objectives, the Company s
human resources programs are designed to recruit and retain talented individuals; provide training and development within the Company
and the insurance industry; reward and support employees through competitive pay and benefit programs; keep employees safe and healthy;
and provide opportunities for community involvement. 

We offer comprehensive compensation and benefits
packages to our employees including a 401k Plan, Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP ), healthcare and insurance benefits,
health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, and flexible work arrangements. We also offer stock-based compensation to
certain management personnel as a way to attract and retain key talent. For additional information, see Part II, Item 8, Note 13 Benefit
Plans and Note 19 Share-Based Compensation for further discussion of our benefit plans and stock-based compensation. 

As of December 31, 2022, NI Holdings and its subsidiaries
had 233 total employees, of which 230 were full-time employees. Employee turnover averaged 25.2 during 2022, compared to 14.7 during
2021, and 17.3 during 2020. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in the Company s common
shares involves certain risks. The following is a discussion of material risks and uncertainties that may affect the Company s business,
financial condition, and future results. 

Insurance Risks 

Catastrophic or other significant natural
or man-made losses may negatively affect our financial condition and operating results. 

As a property and casualty insurer, we are subject
to claims from catastrophes or other natural perils that may have a significant negative impact on our operating and financial results.
We have experienced catastrophe losses and can be expected to experience catastrophe losses in the future. Catastrophe losses can be caused
by various events, including snow storms, ice storms, freezing temperatures, tropical storms and hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, wind,
hail, fires, and other natural or man-made disasters. In addition, longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing, and new types
of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events linked
to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea levels,
rain, hail and snow. Climate change may also impact insurability by impairing our ability to identify and quantify potential hazards that
will result in losses and offer our customers products at an affordable price. The frequency, number, and severity of these losses are
unpredictable. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected
by the event and the severity of the event. Our ability to effectively manage catastrophe risk is dependent, in part, on the reliance
of various catastrophe models, which may produce unreliable output as a result of inaccurate or incomplete data, along with the inherent
uncertainty of future frequency and severity of losses. The impact of changing climate conditions on the overall insurance industry may
also materially affect the availability and cost of reinsurance to us. Our investment portfolio is also subject to the effects of climate
change as economic shifts alter the return dynamic of long-term investments and reduce valuations. 

Despite our continued geographic expansion, we
write a significant amount of business in North Dakota. As a result, adverse developments from severe weather events in North Dakota would
have a greater effect on our financial condition and results of operations than if our business was less geographically concentrated.
The incidence and severity of such events are inherently unpredictable. 

We attempt to reduce our exposure to catastrophe
losses through a disciplined underwriting and risk management approach that emphasizes long-term profitability over short-term gains in
premiums or market share, continued geographical diversification of our operations, and the use of reinsurance. However, there can be
no guarantee that our underwriting and risk management efforts will be successful in mitigating our exposure to catastrophe losses or
the impact of such losses when they occur. In addition, while we maintain reinsurance coverage with a catastrophe excess of loss program,
such coverage may be insufficient to cover our losses. Our reinsurance coverage includes a catastrophe excess of loss program, which in
2022 limited our catastrophe exposure to 15 million retention per event, with 125 million of reinsurance coverage placed in excess of
this retention. In 2023, our catastrophe exposure was increased to 20 million retention per event, with 133 million of reinsurance coverage
placed in excess of this retention. If we are not able to effectively mitigate our exposure to catastrophe losses, whether through our
underwriting process or reinsurance coverage, in the event of such losses our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

For additional information, see Part II, Item
8, Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7 Reinsurance. 

If actual losses exceed our loss and loss
adjustment expense reserves or if changes in the estimated level of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves are necessary as a result
of changes in the legal, regulatory, and economic environments in which we operate, our financial results could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We maintain reserves to cover estimated unpaid losses and expenses necessary
to settle claims. The reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses that we have established are estimates of amounts needed to pay
reported and unreported claims and related expenses, based on facts and circumstances known to us at the time we established the reserves.
Reserves are actuarially projected based on historical claims information, industry statistics, anticipated trends, and other factors.
The process of estimating loss reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. While we believe that
our reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses are appropriate, to the extent that such reserves prove to be inadequate or
excessive in the future, we would adjust them and recognize the change in earnings in the period the reserves are adjusted. There can
be no assurance that the estimates of such liabilities will not change in the future and any such adjustment could have a material impact
on our financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses , and Part II,
Item 8, Note 9 Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses. 

17 

Table of Contents 

It is possible that, among other things, past or future steps taken by
the federal government and the Federal Reserve to manage the U.S. economy, including fiscal and monetary policy measures, could lead to
higher than anticipated levels of inflation, which generally leads to increased loss costs and other operating expenses. However, our
relatively high concentration in short tail lines of business limits the potential impact of this exposure long-term and allows us to
price for those increases in future policy periods. 

Any downgrade in our financial strength rating
could affect our ability to write new business or renew our existing business, which would lead to a decrease in revenue and net income. 

Third-party rating agencies, such as AM Best,
periodically assess and rate the claims-paying ability of insurers based on criteria established by the rating agencies. Ratings assigned
by AM Best are an important factor influencing the competitive position of insurance companies. AM Best ratings, which are reviewed at
least annually, represent independent opinions of financial strength and ability to meet obligations to policyholders and are not directed
toward the protection of investors. Therefore, our AM Best rating should not be relied upon as a basis for an investment decision to purchase
our common stock. 

All of the Company s insurance subsidiaries
hold a financial strength rating of A (Excellent) by AM Best, the third highest rating out of 15 rating classifications.
Our most recent rating by AM Best was issued on April 14, 2022. Financial strength ratings are used by agents, customers, lenders, and
other insurance carriers as a means of assessing the financial strength and quality of insurance companies. If our financial position
deteriorates, we may not maintain our favorable financial strength rating from AM Best. A downgrade of our rating could severely limit
or prevent us from writing desirable business or from renewing our existing business. In addition, a downgrade could negatively affect
our ability to implement our strategy because it could cause our current or potential agents to choose other more highly rated competitors
or reduce our ability to obtain reinsurance. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1, Business and Financial
Strength. 

Our results may fluctuate as a result of
many factors, including cyclical changes in the insurance industry, competition, and innovation and emerging technologies. 

The property and casualty insurance industry has
historically been characterized by soft markets (periods of relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting
practices, and generally low premium rates) followed by hard markets (periods of capital shortages resulting in a lack of insurance availability,
relatively low levels of price competition, more selective underwriting of risks, and relatively high premium rates). During soft markets,
we may lose business to other carriers offering competitive insurance at lower rates. We may also choose to reduce our premiums or limit
premium increases leading to a reduction in profit margins and revenues. Our industry is also influenced by general economic conditions,
which could reduce overall premium volume for us and our competitors. Additionally, the industry could be impacted by changes in customer
preferences, including customer demand for direct, point-of-sale, or other non-traditional distribution channels. Consolidation within
the industry could also influence future growth and profit potential. 

Innovation and emerging technologies continue
to greatly impact the insurance industry. If we are unable to keep pace with the technological changes that our competitors implement,
we may not be able to attract and retain customers, adequately price risks, or operate as efficiently as our competitors. In addition,
emerging technologies in the automotive industry such as autonomous vehicles, driver-assistance and accident-avoidance features, sensor
technology, and other forms of automation may reduce the future need for, or decrease the future pricing of, our auto insurance products. 

Our success depends primarily on our ability
to underwrite risks effectively and price our insurance products appropriately. 

The nature of the insurance business is such
that pricing must be determined before the underlying costs are fully known. This requires significant reliance on estimates and assumptions
used in pricing our policies. If we fail to appropriately price the risks we insure or if our claims experience is more frequent or severe
than our underlying risk assumptions, our profitability may be negatively affected. If we overestimate the risks we are exposed to, we
may overprice our products, and new business growth and retention of existing business may be adversely affected. The ability to effectively
underwrite risks and price products appropriately is subject to a number of uncertainties, including: 

availability of sufficient reliable data and our ability to properly analyze available data; 

market and competitive conditions; 

regulatory or legislative changes; 

selection and application of appropriate pricing techniques; and 

adverse changes in claims experience, such as distracted driving or a more aggressive tort environment. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Under the federal crop insurance program, each
insurer is required to accept every application for multi-peril crop insurance that they receive, and the premiums and the policy terms
are set by the RMA, which is the federal government agency administering the federal crop insurance program. Accordingly, no policy underwriting
is necessary in connection with our multi-peril crop insurance line of business. Unlike the multi-peril crop business, we have the ability
to underwrite and price crop hail insurance. We rely on AFBIS to underwrite our crop hail insurance line of business. If we believe the
policy will expose us to too much risk in a particular geographic area or if we are unwilling to insure the crop, we have the ability
to decline to issue the policy. 

Our ability to manage our exposure to underwriting
risks depends on the availability and cost of reinsurance coverage. 

We use reinsurance arrangements to manage the
amount of risk we retain, stabilize underwriting results, and increase underwriting capacity. The availability and cost of reinsurance
are subject to current market conditions and may vary significantly over time. Any decrease in the amount of reinsurance maintained will
increase our risk of loss. We may be unable to maintain our desired reinsurance coverage or to obtain other reinsurance coverage in adequate
amounts and/or favorable rates. If we are unable to maintain appropriate reinsurance coverage, it may be difficult for us to manage our
underwriting risks and operate our business profitably. For additional information, see Part II, Item 8, Note 7 Reinsurance. 

If we cannot collect loss recoveries from
our reinsurers in accordance with our reinsurance agreements, we may incur additional losses. 

Although reinsurance creates a contractual liability
for reinsurers to the extent the risk is transferred, it does not eliminate our liability to policyholders because we remain liable as
the primary insurer on all reinsured risks. Our reinsurance program strategically spreads exposure among a group of highly-rated, geographically
diverse, and well-capitalized reinsurers. All of our significant reinsurance partners are rated A- (Excellent) or better
by AM Best. However, we remain subject to credit risk relating to our ability to collect these recoverables. Our reinsurance recoveries
are also subject to the underlying losses meeting the qualifying conditions and specified limits within the respective contracts. Additionally,
we are subject to the risk that reinsurers may dispute their obligations to pay our claims. Our inability to collect a material recovery
from a reinsurer on a timely basis, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, operating results, and financial
condition. For additional information, see Part II, Item 8, Note 7 Reinsurance. 

Business and Operational Risks 

The impact of a future pandemic, and related economic conditions, could
materially affect our results of operations, financial position, and/or liquidity. 

We face risks associated with pandemics, including the impact
of reduced economic activity and unemployment, government actions, and capital markets disruption. These risks are unpredictable and difficult
to quantify, and could vary significantly depending on the extent and duration of the pandemic and related economic conditions, along
with potentially impacting each of our business segments and geographic markets differently. 

Any future federal, state, and local government actions to address
the impact of a pandemic may adversely affect us. Regulatory restrictions or requirements could impact pricing, risk selection, and our
rights and obligations with respect to our policies and insureds, including our ability to cancel policies or our right to collect premiums.
It is also possible that changes in economic conditions and steps taken by federal, state, and local governments could require an increase
in taxes at the federal, state, and local levels, which would adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, potential capital
markets disruption could lead to our fixed income portfolio being adversely impacted by ratings downgrades, increased bankruptcies, declines
in real estate valuations, and/or declines in fixed income yields, along with increased volatility in our equity portfolio. 

We may not be able to grow our business if
we cannot retain and expand our captive and independent agent relationships, we cannot provide competitive products for these agents to
sell, and/or consumers seek other distribution methods offered by our competitors. 

Our ability to retain existing agents, and to
attract new agents, is essential to the continued growth of our business. Nodak Insurance utilizes captive agents who only sell our Company s
products. Outside of North Dakota, we write business through the independent agent distribution model. If we are not able to offer competitive
products and a competitive compensation structure to our captive agents and/or if our independent agents find it easier to do business
with our competitors, we may be unable to retain existing business or generate sufficient new business. 

While our products are sold through either independent
or captive agents, our competitors may sell insurance through other distribution models, including the internet, direct marketing, or
other emerging forms of distribution. To the extent that current and 

19 

Table of Contents 

potential policyholders change their insurance shopping preferences,
this may have an adverse effect on our ability to grow, financial position, and results of operations. 

Future acquisitions could disrupt our business
and harm our financial condition or results of operations. 

As part of our growth strategy, we will continue
to evaluate acquisition opportunities. Any potential future acquisitions involve a number of risks that could materially adversely affect
our business and operating results, including: 

problems integrating the acquired operations into our existing business; 

operating and underwriting results of the acquired operations not meeting our expectations; 

diversion of management s time and attention from our existing business; 

higher than anticipated capital requirements; 

difficulties in retaining business relationships with agents and policyholders of the acquired company; 

risks associated with entering markets in which we lack extensive prior experience; 

tax issues associated with acquisitions; 

acquisition-related disputes, including disputes over contingent consideration and escrows; 

potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

potential impairment of related goodwill and intangible assets. 

We may be unable to attract, retain or effectively
manage the succession of key personnel. 

The success of our business is dependent, to a
large extent, on our ability to attract and retain key employees, in particular our senior officers and key management of our insurance
subsidiaries. Our business may be adversely affected if labor market conditions make it difficult for us to retain or, if needed, replace
our current key officers with individuals having equivalent qualifications and experience at compensation levels competitive for our industry.
While we believe we offer competitive compensation and benefit arrangements, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to retain
our key employees. There is significant competition from within the property and casualty insurance industry and from businesses outside
the industry for those in key management positions, as well as others possessing highly specialized knowledge in areas such as actuarial,
accounting, information technology, and data and analytics. In addition, our employment and other agreements with our key officers do
not include non-compete covenants or non-solicitation provisions because they are unenforceable under North Dakota law. If we are not
able to successfully attract, retain, and motivate our employees, our business, financial results, and reputation could be materially
and adversely affected. 

A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure,
or those of our third-party service providers, including operational errors, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause
losses. 

Our operations rely on the secure processing,
storage, and transmission of confidential information, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service
providers. We rely heavily on our operating systems in connection with issuing policies, paying claims, and providing the information
we need to conduct our business. We also rely on the operating systems of AFBIS in connection with various processes with respect to our
crop lines of business. Our business depends on effective information security and systems, and we place significant reliance on the integrity
and timeliness of the data our information systems process to support our business. A breakdown or disruption of any of these systems
could materially adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations. 

We are exposed to many other types of operational
risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, clerical and recordkeeping errors, and computer or telecommunications systems
malfunctions. Our business depends on our ability to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. If any of our operational,
accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be materially adversely affected. Similarly,
we depend on our employees. We could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our employees cause a significant operational
breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or intentional sabotage or fraudulent manipulation of our operations or systems. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Cyberattacks, security breaches, or similar
events affecting the technologies and systems we rely on to operate our business and to maintain and protect sensitive Company and customer
data could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation, and result in material losses. 

We have implemented administrative and technical
controls, have taken actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, and will continue
to modify such procedures as circumstances warrant and negotiate appropriate terms in our agreements with third-party providers to protect
our assets. However, such measures may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code
or cyberattack, business compromise attacks, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions, employee errors or malfeasance, third-party
(including outsourced service providers) errors or malfeasance, loss of assets, and other events that could have security consequences.
Such an event may result in data loss or loss of assets which could result in significant losses, reputational damage, or other adverse
effects on our operations. 

In addition, our technologies, systems, and networks
may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring,
misuse, loss or destruction of our or our insureds confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or
our insureds or other third-parties business operations, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and
liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to eliminate or mitigate further exposure, and the loss of customers. Although
to date we are not aware of any information security breaches or losses relating to cyberattacks, there can be no assurance that we will
not suffer such losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving
nature and increasing frequency and sophistication of these threats and the outsourcing of some of our business operations. As a result,
cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems,
computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority. As cyber threats continue to evolve,
we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate
and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 

The compromise of personal, confidential, or proprietary
information could also subject us to legal liability or regulatory action, including fines, penalties, or intervention, under evolving
cybersecurity, data protection, and privacy laws and regulations enacted by the U.S. federal and state governments. Such laws and regulations
have become increasingly widespread and demanding in recent years and may result in increased compliance costs and risk of regulatory
actions or penalties. If incurred, such regulatory actions or penalties could harm our reputation. Any such events could have an adverse
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Regulatory Risks 

A portion of our written premiums and net
profits are generated from multi-peril crop insurance business, and the loss of such business as a result of a termination of or substantial
changes to the federal crop insurance program could have an adverse effect on our revenues and net income. 

In 2022, 2021, and 2020, our direct premiums written
generated from the multi-peril crop insurance line of business were 12.8 , 12.0 , and 11.5 , respectively, of total written premiums.
Through the FCIC, the U.S. government subsidizes insurance companies by assuming an increasingly higher portion of losses incurred by
farmers as a result of weather-related and other perils as well as commodity price fluctuations. The U.S. government also subsidizes the
premium cost to farmers for multi-peril crop yield and revenue insurance. Without this risk assumption, losses incurred by insurance companies
would be higher. Without the premium subsidy, the number of farmers purchasing multi-peril crop insurance would decline significantly.
Periodically, members of the U.S. Congress propose to significantly reduce the government s involvement in the federal crop insurance
program in an effort to reduce government spending. If legislation is adopted to reduce the amount of risk the government assumes, the
amount of insurance premium subsidy provided to farmers or otherwise reduce the coverage provided under multi-peril crop insurance policies,
losses would increase and purchases of multi-peril crop insurance could experience a significant decline nationwide and in our market
area. Such changes could have an adverse effect on our revenues and income. 

Our businesses are heavily regulated by the
jurisdictions in which we conduct business and changes in regulation, including required participation in pools, premium surcharges, and
higher tax rates, may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 

Most states require insurance companies authorized
to do business in their state to participate in guaranty funds, which require the insurance companies to bear a portion of the unfunded
obligations of impaired, insolvent, or failed insurance companies. These obligations are funded by assessments, which are expected to
continue in the future. State guaranty associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all insurance companies doing business
in the state based on their proportionate share of premiums written in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent, or failed
insurance companies are engaged. Accordingly, the assessments 

21 

Table of Contents 

levied on us may increase as we increase our written premiums. For additional
information, see Part I, Item 1, Business and Regulation. 

In addition, as a condition to conducting business
in some states, insurance companies are required to participate in residual market programs to provide insurance to those who cannot procure
coverage from an insurance carrier on a negotiated basis. Insurance companies generally can fulfill their residual market obligations
by, among other things, participating in a reinsurance pool where the results of all policies provided through the pool are shared by
the participating insurance companies. Although we price our insurance to account for our potential obligations under these pooling arrangements,
we may not be able to accurately estimate our liability for these obligations. Accordingly, mandatory pooling arrangements may cause a
decrease in our profits. As we write policies in new states that have mandatory pooling arrangements, we will be required to participate
in additional pooling arrangements. Further, the impairment, insolvency, or failure of other insurance companies in these pooling arrangements
would likely increase the liability for other members in the pool. 

The effect of assessments and premium surcharges
or increases in such assessments or surcharges could reduce our profitability in any given period or limit our ability to grow our business.
In addition, state tax laws that specifically impact the insurance industry, such as premium taxes, or more general tax laws, such as
U.S. federal corporate income taxes, could be enacted or changed and could have a material adverse impact on us. 

We are subject to insurance industry laws
and regulations, as well as claims and legal proceedings, which if determined unfavorably, could have a material adverse effect on our
profitability. 

We are subject to extensive supervision and regulation
by the states in which we operate. The failure to comply with these regulations could subject the Company to sanctions and fines, including
the cancellation or suspension of our licenses, which could significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations. State
insurance departments also conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require the filing of annual and other
reports relating to financial condition, holding company issues, and other matters. 

Additionally, changes in the level of regulation
of the insurance industry or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities could adversely affect
our ability to operate our business. Federal laws and regulations, and the influence of international laws and regulations, may have adverse
effects on our business, potentially including a change from a state-based system of regulation to a system of federal regulation, the
repeal of the McCarran Ferguson Act, and/or measures under the Dodd-Frank Act that establish the Federal Insurance Office and provide
for a determination that a non-bank financial company presents systemic risk and therefore should be subject to heightened supervision
by the Federal Reserve Board. It is not known how this federal office will coordinate and interact with the NAIC and state insurance regulators.
Adoption or implementation of any of these measures may restrict our ability to conduct our insurance business, govern our corporate affairs,
or effectively manage our cost of doing business. 

We also face a risk of litigation in the ordinary
course of operating our businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. We may become subject to class actions and individual
suits alleging breach of fiduciary or other duties, including our obligations to indemnify directors and officers in connection with
certain legal matters. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as contractual and employment
relationships and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits
against us may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial
periods of time. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Nodak Mutual Group s majority control
of our common stock will enable it to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of shareholders. 

Nodak Mutual Group owns a majority of our outstanding
common stock and, through its Board of Directors, is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of shareholders.
The votes cast by Nodak Mutual Group may not be in the best interests of all shareholders. For example, Nodak Mutual Group may exercise
its voting control to defeat a shareholder nominee for election to the Board of Directors of NI Holdings. 

In addition, certain provisions of our Articles
of Incorporation, such as the existence of a classified Board of Directors, the prohibition of cumulative voting for the election of directors,
and the prohibition on any person or group acquiring and having the right to vote in excess of 10 of our outstanding stock without the
prior approval of the Board of Directors will make removal of the Company s management difficult. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Our status as an insurance holding company
with no direct operations could adversely affect our ability to fund operations, execute future share repurchases, or meet potential future
shareholder dividend and/or debt obligations. 

NI Holdings is an insurance holding company that
transacts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries. A significant source of funds available to us for the payment of
operating expenses, share repurchases, and potential future dividends to shareholders and/or debt servicing are remaining net proceeds
from our IPO retained at the holding company, management fees, and dividends from our subsidiaries. The payment of dividends by our subsidiaries
are restricted by North Dakota s insurance law. If we are unable to obtain dividends from our subsidiaries as needed to fund our
operations, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

Statutory provisions and provisions of our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage takeover attempts of NI Holdings that shareholders may believe are in their best interests. 

We are subject to provisions of North Dakota corporate
and insurance law that hinder a change of control. North Dakota law requires the North Dakota Insurance Department s prior approval
of a change of control of an insurance holding company. Under North Dakota law, the acquisition of 10 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of an insurer or its holding company is presumed to be a change in control. Approval by the North Dakota Insurance Department may
be withheld even if the transaction would be in the shareholders best interest if the North Dakota Insurance Department determines
that the transaction would be detrimental to policyholders. 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws also
contain provisions that may discourage a change in control. These provisions may serve to entrench management and may discourage a takeover
attempt that shareholders may consider to be in their best interest or in which they would receive a substantial premium over the current
market price. These provisions may make it extremely difficult for any one person, entity, or group of affiliated persons or entities
to acquire voting control of NI Holdings, with the result that it may be extremely difficult to bring about a change in the Board of
Directors or management. Some of these provisions also may perpetuate present management because of the additional time required to cause
a change in the control of the Board of Directors. Other provisions make it difficult for shareholders owning less than a majority of
the voting stock to be able to elect even a single director. 

General Risks 

Our investment portfolio is subject to credit
and interest rate risk, and therefore our revenues and financial results may fluctuate with interest rates, investment results, equity
market fluctuations, and developments in the capital markets. 

Investment income is an important component of
our net income and overall profitability. We invest premiums received from policyholders and other available cash to generate investment
income and capital appreciation, while also maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay claims and operating expenses. Changes in interest
rates and credit quality may result in fluctuations in the income derived from, the valuation of, and in the case of declines in credit
quality, payment defaults on our fixed income securities. Such conditions could give rise to significant realized and unrealized investment
losses or the impairment of securities. Potential higher interest rates could reduce the carrying value of our fixed maturity and short-term
investments, negatively impacting the Company s carrying value in the short-term. Over the long-term, however, higher interest rates
would provide an incremental benefit to our net investment income as excess cash and the proceeds of maturing bonds are reinvested at
higher rates. We manage our exposure to interest rate increases by monitoring the duration within our investment portfolio and maintaining
maturities that minimize any forced sales within the portfolio. However, even with such monitoring efforts, we may be forced to sell securities
at a loss, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

We also invest a portion of our assets in equity
securities, which are subject to greater volatility in their investment returns than fixed maturity investments. Unlike fixed income securities,
the changes in the fair value of our equity securities are recognized in net income. General economic conditions, stock market volatility,
changes in tax laws, and many other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of these securities and potentially reduce
our net investment income and/or lead to net investment losses. 

Any significant or long-running negative changes
in the fixed income or equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash
flows. The Company s investment portfolio is also subject to credit and cash flow risk, including risks associated with its investments
in asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. Because the Company s investment portfolio is the largest component of its assets
and a multiple of its shareholders equity, adverse changes in economic conditions could result in impairments that are material
to our financial condition and operating results. Such economic changes could arise from overall changes in the financial markets or specific
changes to industries, companies, or municipalities in which we maintain investment holdings. See Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

23 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to manage our growth effectively. 

We intend to continue to grow our business in
the future, which could require additional capital, systems development, and skilled personnel. However, there are inherent risks associated
with this strategy, including the risks of unsuccessfully identifying profitable business opportunities, managing capital requirements,
expanding systems and internal controls, maintaining innovative products and technologies, allocating human capital resources, identifying
qualified employees and/or agents, and integrating future acquisitions. The failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We could be adversely affected by a future
unexpected business interruption involving our office buildings, operational systems and infrastructure, key external vendors, and/or
workforce. 

Our business operations could be substantially
interrupted by flooding, snow, ice, wind, and other weather-related incidents, or from fire, pandemics, power loss, telecommunications
failures, terrorism, or other such events. Our business continuity plans may not sufficiently remediate all risks associated with future
significant business interruptions. Any damage caused by such a failure or loss may cause interruptions in our business operations that
may adversely affect our service levels and business. 

24 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our headquarters is located at 1101 First Avenue
North, Fargo, North Dakota, which is also the headquarters of Nodak Insurance. Nodak Insurance owns this building and leases a portion
of the building to the NDFB and to AFBIS. 

Battle Creek owns the building in which its offices
are located at 603 South Preece Street, Battle Creek, Nebraska. 

On December 30, 2021, Primero entered into a new
lease at 9950 West Cheyenne Ave, Las Vegas, Nevada, and sold its owned portion of the building at 2640 South Jones Blvd, Suite 2, Las
Vegas, Nevada on January 5, 2022. Tri-State Ltd. leases the building at 506 5 th Street, Spearfish, South Dakota. 

Direct Auto leases office space at 8700 West Bryn
Mawr Avenue, Chicago, Illinois under a lease that expires on August 31, 2029. 

Westminster owns a portion of the building in
which its offices are located at 8890 McDonogh Road, Suite 310, Owings Mills, Maryland. 

We believe that the offices currently occupied
by each of our subsidiaries are sufficient for their needs and any expected internal growth in the near future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are party to litigation in the normal course
of business. Based upon information presently available to us, we do not consider any litigation to be material. However, given the inherent
uncertainties of litigation, we cannot assure you that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially adversely
affected by any litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

The Company s common shares trade on the
NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol NODK . As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 558 shareholders of record
for the Company s common stock. 

Stock Performance Graph 

The following
 graph shows the cumulative total shareholder return (stock price increase plus dividends) on our common stock from March 16, 2017
 (the first date that shares of our common stock were available for trading) through December 31, 2022, along with the corresponding
 returns for the Russell 2000 Index (as the broad stock market index) and the Standard Poor s (S P) 1500 US P C
 Insurance Index (as the published industry index). The price weighted Dow Jones US P C Insurance Index historically presented
 within the following graph was replaced in this Annual Report in favor of the market capitalization weighted S P 1500 US P C
 Insurance Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in the common stock and each index was 100 on March 16, 2017,
 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Dividend Policy 

Our Board of Directors continues to evaluate a
potential policy of paying regular cash dividends, but has not decided on the amounts that may be paid, the frequency of any payment,
or when any payments may begin. Therefore, the timing and the amount of cash dividends that may be paid to shareholders in the future
is uncertain. In addition, the Board of Directors may declare and pay periodic special cash dividends in addition to, or in lieu of, regular
cash dividends. In determining whether to declare or pay any dividends, whether regular or special, the Board of Directors will take into
account our financial condition and results of operations, income tax considerations, capital requirements, industry standards, and economic
conditions. We cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends or that, if paid, we will not reduce or eliminate dividends in the future. 

If we pay dividends to our shareholders, we also
will be required to pay dividends to Nodak Mutual Group, unless Nodak Mutual Group elects to waive the receipt of dividends. Because Nodak
Mutual Group has no current plans to utilize any cash dividends that it may receive from us, we anticipate that it will waive its right
to receive substantially all of the dividends that are paid to it by us or immediately return substantially all of such funds to us as
an equity contribution. However, because the Board of Directors of Nodak Mutual Group includes persons who are not members of our Board
of Directors, we cannot provide any assurance that they will take such action with respect to any cash dividend that we may declare. If
we are unable to obtain a commitment from the Board of Directors of Nodak Mutual Group that it will waive its right to receive any cash
dividend that we intend to declare or that it will return the funds from such dividend to the Company as an equity contribution, our Board
of Directors may decide not to declare a cash dividend. 

We are not currently subject to regulatory restrictions
on the payment of dividends to our shareholders. However, any future dividends may be restricted to those received from our insurance
subsidiaries, as our income is limited to earnings from the invested capital remaining from our initial IPO. North Dakota law limits the
amount of dividends and other distributions that Nodak Insurance, Direct Auto, and Westminster may pay to us. For information regarding
the regulatory restrictions on dividends our insurance subsidiaries can pay, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Liquidity and Capital Resources , and Part II, Item
8, Note 21 Statutory Net Income (Loss), Capital and Surplus, and Dividend Restrictions . 

Even if we receive dividends from Nodak Insurance,
Direct Auto, or Westminster, we may not declare any dividends to our shareholders due to working capital requirements. We are not subject
to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends to shareholders, but we are subject to the requirements of the North Dakota Business
Corporation Act. This law generally permits dividends or distributions to be paid, to the extent we still have the ability to pay our
debts in the ordinary course of business after making the dividend or distribution payments. This law requires our total assets to exceed
our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of stock with
senior liquidation rights if we were to be dissolved at the time the dividend or distribution is paid. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Unregistered Securities 

The Company has not sold any unregistered securities
within the past three years. 

Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

On January 17, 2017, our registration statement
on Form S-1 registering our common stock was declared effective by the SEC. On March 13, 2017, the Company completed the IPO of 10,350,000
shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of 93,145 from the offering, after deducting
the underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

Direct Auto was acquired on August 31, 2018, with
 17,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO. 

On January 1, 2020, we acquired Westminster for 40,000. We paid
 20,000 at the time of closing. The terms of the acquisition agreement included payment of the remaining 20,000, subject to certain adjustments,
in three equal installments on each of the first and second anniversaries of the closing, and on the first business day of the month preceding
the third anniversary of the closing. The first two installments were paid in January 2021 and January 2022, and the final installment
was paid in December 2022 with no adjustments from the originally anticipated amount. The Company used net proceeds from the IPO to satisfy
these obligations. 

From time to time, the Company may also repurchase
its own stock. To date, the Company has used net proceeds from the IPO to fund these share repurchases. For more information, see Part
II, Item 5, Issuer Stock Purchases . 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on January 17, 2017. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Stock Purchases 

The Company had no common shares outstanding prior
to March 13, 2017. 

On February 28, 2018, our Board of Directors approved
an authorization for the repurchase of up to approximately 10,000 of the Company s outstanding common stock. We completed the repurchase
of 191,265 shares of our common stock for 2,966 during 2018, and an additional 116,034 shares for 2,006 during 2019. During the six
months ended June 30, 2020, we completed the repurchase of 402,056 shares of our common stock for 4,996 to close out this authorization. 

On May 4, 2020, our Board of Directors approved an additional authorization
for the repurchase of up to approximately 10,000 of the Company s outstanding common stock. During the year ended December 31,
2020, we completed the repurchase of 454,443 shares of our common stock for 7,238 under this authorization. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2021, we repurchased an additional 144,110 shares of our common stock for 2,762 to close out this authorization. 

On August 11, 2021, our Board of Directors approved
an additional authorization for the repurchase of up to approximately 5,000 of the Company s outstanding common stock. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the repurchase of 81,095 shares of our common stock for 1,554 under this new authorization.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the repurchase of 214,937 shares of our common stock for 3,446 to close out this
authorization. 

On May 9, 2022, our Board of Directors approved
an additional authorization for the repurchase of up to approximately 10,000 of the Company s outstanding common stock. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the repurchase of 54,223 shares of our common stock for 734 under this authorization. 

In total during the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the
repurchase of 269,160 shares of our common stock for 4,180. The repurchases made in the three months ended December 31, 2022, are shown
below: 

Period in 2022 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of 
Shares Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
Announced Plans 
or Programs (1) 
 Maximum
Approximate 
Dollar Value of Shares 
That May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs (2) (in thousands) 
 
 October 1 31, 2022 
 25,314 
 13.95 
 25,314 
 10,222 
 
 November 1 30, 2022 
 18,625 
 13.63 
 18,625 
 9,968 
 
 December 1 31, 2022 
 51,802 
 13.57 
 51,802 
 9,265 
 
 Total 
 95,741 
 13.68 
 95,741 
 9,265 

(1) Shares purchased pursuant to the August 11, 2021, and May 9, 2022, publicly announced share repurchase authorizations of up to approximately
 5,000 and 10,000, respectively, of the Company s outstanding common stock. The August 11, 2021, repurchase authorization was completed
in November 2022. 

(2) Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased consist of up to approximately 9,265 under the May 9, 2022, publicly announced
share repurchase authorization. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

29 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion is intended to provide
a more comprehensive review of our operating results and financial condition than can be obtained from reading the consolidated financial
statements alone. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included
in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Some of the information contained in this discussion and
analysis or set forth elsewhere in this 2022 Annual Report constitutes forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.
Please see Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained
herein. 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this document generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons
between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this document
can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II,
Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022. 

All dollar amounts, except per share amounts,
are in thousands. 

Results of Operations 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis
of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Management evaluates our operations
by monitoring key measures of growth and profitability, which may include the disclosure of certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our results
of operations are influenced by numerous factors affecting the U.S. property and casualty insurance industry including competition, weather,
catastrophic events, innovation and emerging technologies, changes in regulations, inflation, general economic conditions, judicial trends,
fluctuations in interest rates, and other changes in the financial markets. 

Our premium levels and underwriting results have been, and will
continue to be, influenced by market conditions. Pricing in the property and casualty insurance industry historically has been cyclical.
During a soft market cycle, price competition is more significant than during a hard market cycle and makes it difficult to attract and
retain properly priced business. During a hard market cycle, it is more likely that insurers will be able to increase their rates or profit
margins. A hard market typically has a positive effect on premium growth. The markets that we serve are diversified, which requires us
to regularly monitor our performance and competitive position by line of business and geographic market to determine appropriate rate
actions. 

Premiums in the multi-peril crop insurance business are primarily
influenced by the types of crops planted, number of acres insured, and commodity prices because the rates are established by the RMA rather
than individual insurance carriers. The expected experience of this business for the calendar year may also significantly affect the reported
net earned premiums and losses due to the risk-sharing arrangement with the federal government. Multi-peril crop insurance premiums are
generally written in the second quarter, and earned ratably over the period of risk, which generally extends into the fourth quarter.
Premiums in the crop hail insurance business are also generally written in the second quarter and earned ratably until the end of the
third quarter. 

Premiums in our other lines of business are written and earned throughout
the year based on their coverage periods. Losses on this business are also incurred throughout the year but are usually more frequent
and/or severe during periods of elevated weather-related activity. 

Property Claims Service PCS ), a division of the Insurance
Services Office, maintains industry loss data related to catastrophe loss events. PCS defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage
of 25 million or more in insured property losses and affects a significant number of insureds. When reporting on our losses from catastrophe
events, we may include losses from those events that were defined as a catastrophe by PCS or those events which may include losses that
we believe are, or will be, material to our operations, either in amount or in number of claims made. The frequency and severity of catastrophic
losses we experience in any year may significantly affect our results of operations and financial position. In analyzing the underwriting
performance of our property and casualty insurance business, we evaluate performance both including and excluding catastrophe losses.
Portions of our catastrophe losses may be recoverable under our catastrophe reinsurance agreements. 

For more information on the Company s results of operations
by segment, see Part II, Item 8, Note 20 Segment Information . 

30 

Table of Contents 

Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

The consolidated net loss for the Company was 53,775 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 8,332 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 41,344 for the year ended December
31, 2020. 

The major components of our revenues and net income (loss) for the
three periods are shown below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Net premiums earned 
 328,290 
 299,589 
 283,661 
 
 Fee and other income 
 1,453 
 1,775 
 1,801 
 
 Net investment income 
 7,820 
 7,131 
 7,271 
 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 (13,126 
 15,479 
 13,624 
 
 Total revenues 
 324,437 
 323,974 
 306,357 

Components of net income (loss): 

Net premiums earned 
 328,290 
 299,589 
 283,661 
 
 Losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 294,432 
 216,379 
 168,473 
 
 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and other underwriting and general expenses 
 99,034 
 96,289 
 85,068 
 
 Underwriting gain (loss) 
 (65,176 
 (13,079 
 30,120 

Fee and other income 
 1,453 
 1,775 
 1,801 
 
 Net investment income 
 7,820 
 7,131 
 7,271 
 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 (13,126 
 15,479 
 13,624 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (69,029 
 11,306 
 52,816 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (15,254 
 2,974 
 11,472 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (53,775 
 8,332 
 41,344 

31 

Table of Contents 

Net Premiums Earned 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net premiums earned: 

Direct premium 
 368,886 
 333,254 
 301,061 
 
 Assumed premium 
 6,550 
 8,035 
 6,459 
 
 Ceded premium 
 (47,146 
 (41,700 
 (23,859 
 
 Total net premiums earned 
 328,290 
 299,589 
 283,661 

Net premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
 28,701, or 9.6 , to 328,290, compared to 299,589 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased
 15,928, or 5.6 , to 299,589, compared to 283,661 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net premiums earned: 

Private passenger auto 
 77,605 
 72,533 
 72,009 
 
 Non-standard auto 
 66,911 
 58,585 
 53,737 
 
 Home and farm 
 78,381 
 73,792 
 74,879 
 
 Crop 
 34,721 
 26,848 
 35,718 
 
 Commercial 
 61,431 
 57,285 
 38,288 
 
 All other 
 9,241 
 10,546 
 9,030 
 
 Total net premiums earned 
 328,290 
 299,589 
 283,661 

Below are comments regarding significant changes in net premiums
earned, by business segment: 

Private passenger auto Net premiums earned for 2022
increased 5,072, or 7.0 , from 2021. Results were driven by rate increases in North Dakota, South Dakota, and Nebraska. 

Non-standard auto Net premiums earned for 2022 increased
 8,326, or 14.2 , from 2021. Results were driven by new business growth, increased retention, and rate increases in the Chicago market
where our non-standard auto business is concentrated. 

Home and farm Net premiums earned for 2022 increased
 4,589, or 6.2 , from 2021. Results were driven by increased insured property values, which were primarily the result of using higher
inflationary factors, along with rate increases. 

Crop Net premiums earned for 2022 increased 7,873,
or 29.3 , from 2021. Results were driven by the impact of higher commodity prices on our multi-peril crop insurance direct written premiums.
In addition, earned premiums increased as a result of ceding significantly less multi-peril crop insurance business into the Assigned
Risk fund of the SRA in 2022 compared to the prior year. 

Commercial Net premiums earned for 2022 increased
 4,146, or 7.2 , from 2021. Results were driven by increased insured values which were primarily the result of higher inflationary factors
as well as continued growth in rate and new business premiums. 

All other Net premiums earned for 2022 decreased
 1,305, or 12.4 , from 2021. Results were driven by the Company s decision to non-renew its participation in an assumed domestic
and international reinsurance pool of business as of January 1, 2022. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net losses and loss adjustment expenses: 

Direct losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 333,397 
 280,998 
 185,370 
 
 Assumed losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 2,369 
 6,899 
 3,308 
 
 Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 (41,334 
 (71,518 
 (20,205 
 
 Total net losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 294,432 
 216,379 
 168,473 

The Company s net losses and loss adjustment expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 78,053, or 36.1 , to 294,432, compared to 216,379 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company s net losses and loss adjustment expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 47,906, or 28.4 , to 216,379, compared to 168,473 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net losses and loss adjustment expenses: 

Private passenger auto 
 65,420 
 59,721 
 45,511 
 
 Non-standard auto 
 39,400 
 34,453 
 30,347 
 
 Home and farm 
 107,823 
 52,145 
 36,745 
 
 Crop 
 19,418 
 27,831 
 31,379 
 
 Commercial 
 57,216 
 34,779 
 20,430 
 
 All other 
 5,155 
 7,450 
 4,061 
 
 Total net losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 294,432 
 216,379 
 168,473 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio: 

Private passenger auto 
 84.3 
 82.3 
 63.2 
 
 Non-standard auto 
 58.9 
 58.8 
 56.5 
 
 Home and farm 
 137.6 
 70.7 
 49.1 
 
 Crop 
 55.9 
 103.7 
 87.9 
 
 Commercial 
 93.1 
 60.7 
 53.4 
 
 All other 
 55.8 
 70.6 
 45.0 
 
 Total loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio 
 89.7 
 72.2 
 59.4 

Below are comments regarding significant changes in net losses and
loss adjustment expenses, and the net loss and loss adjustment expenses ratios, by business segment: 

Private passenger auto The net loss and loss adjustment
expenses ratio increased 2.0 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was driven by elevated loss costs due to continued
high levels of inflation and increased weather-related comprehensive losses in Nebraska and South Dakota. We have addressed this increased
frequency and severity through recent aggressive underwriting actions and rate increases. 

Non-standard auto The net loss and loss adjustment
expenses ratio increased 0.1 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. Loss and loss adjustment expenses were once again impacted by
elevated loss costs due to continued high levels of inflation partially offset by successful implementation of various strategic initiatives
in 2022 as well as rate increases taken throughout the year. 

Home and farm The net loss and loss adjustment expenses
ratio increased 66.9 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was driven by catastrophe losses in Nebraska, South Dakota,
and North Dakota that occurred during second and third quarters of 2022. Catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, for the segment accounted
for 72.1 percentage points of the net loss and loss adjustment expense ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.9 percentage
points for the same period for 2021. We have addressed the increased loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio through recent aggressive
underwriting actions and rate increases. 

33 

Table of Contents 

Crop The net loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio
decreased 47.8 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. This improvement was due to more favorable crop growing conditions in 2022
in comparison to the extreme drought conditions faced in 2021. 

Commercial The net loss and loss adjustment expenses
ratio increased 32.4 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase was driven by increased frequency and severity of fire
losses as well as increased liability claims in our commercial multi-peril line of business. In addition, our results were impacted by
freezing claims from winter storm Elliott. Our North Dakota commercial business also experienced elevated weather-related losses which
contributed to this increase. 

All other The net loss and loss adjustment expenses
ratio decreased 14.8 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was driven by the Company s decision to non-renew
its participation in an assumed domestic and international reinsurance pool of business as of January 1, 2022. The loss and loss adjustment
expense ratio was also impacted by favorable prior year development in our assumed domestic and international reinsurance pool of business. 

Underwriting and General Expenses and Expense Ratio 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Underwriting and general expenses: 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
 66,803 
 64,574 
 51,472 
 
 Other underwriting and general expenses 
 32,231 
 31,715 
 33,596 
 
 Total underwriting and general expenses 
 99,034 
 96,289 
 85,068 

Expense ratio 
 30.2 
 32.1 
 30.0 

The expense ratio is calculated by dividing other underwriting and
general expenses and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs by net premiums earned. The expense ratio measures a company s
operational efficiency in producing, underwriting, and administering its insurance business. The overall expense ratio decreased 1.9 percentage
points in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. This decrease was driven by the impact of the significantly
higher multi-peril crop insurance net premiums earned during 2022 in our crop segment, which operates at a significantly lower expense
ratio relative to our other segments. The overall expense ratio increased 2.1 percentage points in the year ended December 31, 2021, compared
to the same period in 2020. 

34 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting Gain (Loss) and Combined Ratio 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Underwriting gain (loss): 

Private passenger auto 
 (9,416 
 (7,704 
 6,512 
 
 Non-standard auto 
 622 
 1,362 
 2,651 
 
 Home and farm 
 (52,512 
 (475 
 17,260 
 
 Crop 
 12,294 
 (9,195 
 (468 
 
 Commercial 
 (17,958 
 2,506 
 1,500 
 
 All other 
 1,794 
 427 
 2,665 
 
 Total underwriting gain (loss) 
 (65,176 
 (13,079 
 30,120 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Combined ratio: 

Private passenger auto 
 112.1 
 110.6 
 91.0 
 
 Non-standard auto 
 99.1 
 97.7 
 95.1 
 
 Home and farm 
 167.0 
 100.7 
 77.0 
 
 Crop 
 64.6 
 134.3 
 101.4 
 
 Commercial 
 129.2 
 95.6 
 96.1 
 
 All other 
 80.6 
 95.9 
 70.5 
 
 Total combined ratio 
 119.9 
 104.3 
 89.4 

Underwriting gain (loss) measures the pre-tax profitability of our
insurance operations. It is derived by subtracting losses and loss adjustment expenses, amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs,
and other underwriting and general expenses from net premiums earned. The combined ratio represents the sum of these losses and expenses
as a percentage of net premiums earned, and measures our overall underwriting profit. 

The total underwriting loss increased 52,097, or 398.3 , for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. These results were driven by the factors discussed in the Losses and
Loss Adjustment Expenses section above. 

The overall combined ratio increased 15.6 percentage points in the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. These results were driven by the factors discussed in the Losses and
Loss Adjustment Expenses section above. 

Fee and Other Income 

The Company had fee and other income of 1,453 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 1,775 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 1,801 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Fee income
attributable to the non-standard auto segment decreased to 831 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 1,280 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, due to a reduction in policies that generate fee income. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Net Investment Income 

The following table shows our average cash and invested assets,
net investment income, and return on average cash and invested assets for the reported periods: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Average cash and invested assets 
 455,366 
 502,375 
 449,148 
 
 Net investment income 
 7,820 
 7,131 
 7,271 

Gross return on average cash and invested assets 
 2.5 
 2.1 
 2.3 
 
 Net return on average cash and invested assets 
 1.7 
 1.4 
 1.6 

Net investment income increased 689 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in the fixed income portfolio
average book value (measured at cost or amortized cost), the rising interest rate environment, as well as a higher allocation of invested
assets to private placement securities and high dividend yield equities. Net investment income decreased 140 for the year ended December
31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 

The Company s gross and net return on average cash and invested
assets increased year-over-year, driven by a decrease in average cash and invested assets (measured at fair value) as a result of unfavorable
market conditions for both fixed income and equity securities as well as higher net investment income. 

Net Investment Gains (Losses) 

Net investment gains (losses) consisted of the following: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Gross realized gains 
 7,195 
 18,130 
 9,740 
 
 Gross realized losses, excluding credit impairment losses 
 (5,271 
 (362 
 (1,969 
 
 Net realized gains 
 1,924 
 17,768 
 7,771 
 
 Change in net unrealized gain on equity securities 
 (15,050 
 (2,289 
 5,853 
 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 (13,126 
 15,479 
 13,624 

The Company had net realized gains of 1,924 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 17,768 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 7,771 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company
reported no credit impairment losses during any of the periods presented. 

The Company experienced a decrease in net unrealized gains on equity
securities of 15,050 during the year ended December 31, 2022, driven by changes in fair value attributable to unfavorable equity markets.
In addition, the Company s sales activity (and resulting gains and losses) impacts the level and direction of the change in the
net unrealized gain or loss of its equity securities portfolio. The Company had net realized gains on the sale of equity securities of
 2,075, 17,118, and 6,868 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

The Company s fixed income securities are classified as available
for sale because it will, from time to time, execute sales of securities that are not impaired to meet liquidity needs or for other strategic
purposes, in accordance with our investment policy. The fixed income portfolio experienced an unfavorable change in net unrealized gains/losses
of 46,362 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a decrease in net unrealized gains of 9,796 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The changes were primarily the result of rising interest rates in the U.S. The change in the fair value of fixed income securities
is not reflected in net income; rather it is reflected as a separate component (net of income taxes) of other comprehensive income. The
fixed income portfolio experienced an increase in net unrealized gains of 9,264 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Income (Loss) before Income Taxes 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had pre-tax loss
of 69,029, compared to pre-tax income of 11,306 and 52,816 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease
in pre-tax income was largely attributable to the significant catastrophe losses in Nebraska, South Dakota, and North Dakota, along with
the change in net investment gains/losses that was driven by the impact of unfavorable equity markets during 2022. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The Company recorded income tax benefit of 15,254 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to income tax expense of 2,974 and 11,472 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Our effective tax rate for 2022 was 22.1 compared to an effective tax rate of 26.3 and 21.7 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. A portion
of the effective tax rate is due to state income taxes, which drove the higher effective tax rate in 2021. The valuation allowance against
certain deferred income tax assets was 694 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1,008 as of December 31, 2021. 

Net Income (Loss) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss
before non-controlling interest of 53,775, compared to income of 8,332 and 41,344 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The decrease was largely attributable to the significant catastrophe losses in Nebraska, South Dakota, and North Dakota, along with the
change in net investment gains/losses that was driven by the impact of unfavorable equity markets during 2022. 

Return on Average Equity 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had annualized
return on average equity, after non-controlling interest, of (17.9) , compared to annualized return on average equity, after non-controlling
interest, of 2.4 and 12.4 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Average equity is calculated as the average between beginning and
ending shareholders equity, excluding non-controlling interest, for the period. 

Principal Revenue Items 

The Company derives its revenue primarily from net premiums earned,
net investment income, and net investment gains (losses). 

Gross and net premiums written 

Gross premiums written is equal to direct premiums
written and assumed premiums before the effect of ceded reinsurance. Gross premiums written are recognized upon sale of new insurance
contracts or renewal of existing contracts. Net premiums written is equal to gross premiums written less premiums ceded to reinsurers. 

Premiums earned 

Premiums earned is the earned portion of net premiums written. Gross
premiums written include all premiums recorded by an insurance company during a specified policy period. Insurance premiums on property
and casualty policies are recognized in proportion to the underlying risk insured and are earned ratably over the duration of the policies
or, in the case of crop insurance, over the period of risk to the Company. At the end of each accounting period, the portion of the premiums
that is not yet earned is included in unearned premiums and is realized as revenue in subsequent periods over the remaining term of the
policy or period of risk. The Company s property and casualty policies, other than some of our auto lines and the non-standard auto
policies, typically have a term of twelve months. 

Due to the nature of the crop planting and harvesting cycle and
the deadlines for filing and processing claims under the federal crop insurance program, insurance premiums for multi-peril crop insurance
are recognized and earned during the period of risk, which usually begins in spring and ends with harvest in the fall. Under the federal
crop insurance program, farmers must purchase crop insurance with respect to spring planted crops by March 15. By July 15, the farmer
must report the number of acres planted in each crop. On September 1, the insurer bills the farmer for the insurance premium, which is
due and payable by the farmer by October 1. If the farmer does not pay the premium by such date, the insurer will charge interest at a
rate of 15 because the insurer is required to pay the farmer s portion of the premium to the FCIC by November 15, regardless of
whether the farmer pays the premium to the insurer. Except for claims occurring in the spring (primarily for prevented planting and required
replanting claims), claims are required to be filed with the FCIC by December 15. A different cycle exists for crops planted in the fall,
such as winter wheat, but the vast majority of crop insurance written by the Company covers crops planted in the spring. 

Net investment income and net investment
gains (losses) 

The Company invests its excess cash in fixed income and equity securities.
Investment income includes interest and dividends earned on invested assets, and is reported net of investment-related expenses. Net investment
gains (losses) are reported separately from net investment income. The Company recognizes realized gains when investments are sold for
an amount greater than their cost or 

37 

Table of Contents 

amortized cost (in the case of fixed income securities) and realized losses when investments are
sold for an amount less than their cost or amortized cost or when credit impairments are recorded, as applicable. The Company recognizes
changes in unrealized gains and losses of equity securities in net income as part of net investment gains (losses). These gains and losses
may be significant given the fair market value of the equity portfolio and the inherent volatility in equity markets. The changes in unrealized
gains and losses on fixed income securities are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes. Therefore, these changes
have no impact on net income but do impact shareholders equity. 

The portfolio of investments for NI Holdings and its insurance
subsidiaries is managed by Conning, Inc. and Disciplined Growth Investors. These investment managers have discretion to buy and sell
securities in accordance with the investment policy approved by our Board of Directors. 

Principal Expense Items 

The Company s expenses consist primarily of losses and loss
adjustment expenses, amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs, other underwriting and general expenses, and income taxes. 

Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses represent the largest expense
item and include (1) claim payments made, (2) estimates for future claim payments and changes in those estimates from prior periods, and
(3) costs associated with investigating, defending, and adjusting claims, including legal fees. 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and other underwriting
and general expenses 

Expenses incurred to underwrite risks are referred to as policy
acquisition costs. Policy acquisition costs consist of commission expenses, state premium taxes, and certain other underwriting expenses
that vary with and are primarily related to the writing and acquisition of new and renewal business. These policy acquisition costs are
deferred and amortized over the effective period of the related insurance policies. Other underwriting and general expenses consist of
salaries, professional fees, office supplies, depreciation, and all other operating expenses not otherwise classified separately. 

Income taxes 

Current income taxes represent amounts paid to
the federal government and certain states whose payment is based upon net income (subject to regulatory adjustments) generated by the
Company. As noted above, it does not include state premium taxes that are based purely on the collection of policyholder premiums. 

We use the asset and liability method of accounting
for deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes arise from the recognition of temporary differences between financial statement carrying
amounts and the income tax bases of its assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that
some portion of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period of
the enactment date. Total income taxes reflect both current income taxes and the change in the net deferred income tax asset or liability,
excluding amounts attributed to accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

General 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP requires both the use of estimates and judgment relative to the application of appropriate accounting policies. The Company
is required to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements
and related footnotes. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis based on historical developments, market conditions,
industry trends, and other information that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. There can be no assurance that actual
results will conform to these estimates and assumptions and that reported results of operations would not be materially adversely affected
by the need to make accounting adjustments to reflect changes in these estimates and assumptions from time to time. We believe the following
policies are the most sensitive to estimates and judgments. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

How reserves are established 

With respect to its traditional property and casualty insurance
products, the Company maintains reserves for the payment of claims (indemnity losses) and expenses related to adjusting those claims (loss
adjustment expenses). The Company s liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses consists of (1) case reserves, which
are reserves for claims that have been reported to the Company, and (2) IBNR, which are reserves for claims that have been incurred but
have not yet been reported and for the future development of reported claims. As some claims may not be reported for several years, the
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses includes significant estimates for IBNR. 

Loss adjustment expenses consist of two components allocated
loss adjustment expenses and unallocated loss adjustment expenses. Allocated loss adjustment expenses are defense and cost containment
expenses, including legal fees, court costs, and investigation fees, which are linked to the settlement of specific individual claims
or losses. Unallocated loss adjustment expenses are expenses that generally cannot be associated with a specific claim, including internal
costs such as salaries and other overhead costs, and also represent estimates of future costs to administer claims. 

When a claim is reported to one of the insurance companies, its
claims personnel establish a case reserve for the estimated amount of the ultimate payment to the extent it can be determined or estimated.
The amount of the loss reserve for the reported claim is based primarily upon an evaluation of coverage, liability, damages suffered,
and any other information considered pertinent to estimating the exposure presented by the claim. Each claim is contested or settled individually
based upon its merits, and some property and casualty claims may take years to resolve, especially in situations where legal action may
be involved. Case reserves are reviewed on a regular basis and are updated as new information becomes available. 

When a catastrophe occurs, which in the Company s case usually
involves the weather perils of wind and hail, we utilize mapping technology through geographic coding of its property risks to overlay
the path of the storm. This enables the Company to establish estimated damage amounts based on the wind speed and size of the hail for
case or per claim loss amounts. This process allows us to determine within a reasonable time (5 7 days) an estimated number of
claims and estimated losses from the storm. If we estimate the damages to be in excess of the retained catastrophe amount, reinsurers
are notified immediately of a potential loss so that the Company can quickly recover reinsurance payments once the retention is exceeded. 

The Company estimates multi-peril crop insurance losses on a quarterly
basis based upon historical loss patterns, current crop conditions, current weather patterns, and input from crop loss adjusters. These
estimates have proven to be reasonably accurate indicators of the Company s anticipated losses for this line of business. 

The Company s actuaries assist with the estimation of the
liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. The actuaries prepare estimates by first deriving an actuarially based estimate
of the ultimate cost of total losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred as of the financial statement date based on established actuarial
methods as described below. We then reduce the estimated ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses by loss and loss adjustment expenses
payments and case reserves carried as of the financial statement date. The actuarially determined estimate is based upon indications from
one of the following actuarial methodologies, weighted averages of the methods, and judgment. The specific method used to estimate the
ultimate losses varies depending on the judgment of the actuaries as to what is the most appropriate for the property and casualty business.
Management reviews these estimates and supplements the actuarial analysis with information not fully incorporated into the actuarially
based estimate, such as changes in the external business environment and internal company processes. Management may adjust the actuarial
estimates based on this supplemental information in order to arrive at the amount recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 

The Company determines its ultimate liability for unpaid losses
and loss adjustment expenses by using the following actuarial methodologies: 

Bornhuetter-Ferguson Method The Bornhuetter-Ferguson
Method is a blended method that explicitly considers both actual loss development to date and expected future loss emergence. This method
is applied on both a paid loss basis and an incurred loss basis. This method uses selected loss development patterns to calculate the
expected percentage of losses unpaid (or unreported). The expected future loss component of the method is calculated by multiplying earned
premium for the given exposure period by a selected a priori (i.e. deductive) loss ratio. The resulting dollars are then multiplied by
the expected percentage of unpaid (or unreported) losses described above. This provides an estimate of future paid (or reported) losses
that is then added to actual paid (or incurred) loss data to produce the estimated ultimate loss. 

Paid and Case Incurred Loss Development Method 
The Paid and Case Incurred Loss Development Method utilizes ratios of cumulative paid or case incurred losses or loss adjustment expenses
at each age of development as a percent of the preceding development age. Selected ratios are then multiplied together to produce a set
of loss development factors which when applied to the 

39 

Table of Contents 

most current data value, by accident year, develop the estimated ultimate losses
or loss adjustment expenses. Ultimate losses or loss adjustment expenses are then selected for each accident year from the various methods
employed. 

Ratio of Paid Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses to Paid Loss
Method The Ratio of Paid Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses to Paid Loss Method utilizes the ratio of paid allocated loss
adjustment expenses to paid losses and is similar to the Paid and Case Incurred Loss Development Method described above, except that the
data projected are the ratios of paid allocated loss adjustment expenses to paid losses. The projected ultimate ratio is then multiplied
by the selected ultimate losses, by accident year, to yield the ultimate allocated loss adjustment expenses. Allocated loss adjustment
expenses reserves are calculated by subtracting paid losses from ultimate allocated loss adjustment expenses. 

The process of estimating loss reserves involves a high degree of
judgment and is subject to a number of variables. These variables can be affected by both internal and external events, such as changes
in claims handling procedures, inflation, legal trends, increases in the state-dictated minimum liability limits in the recent cases of
nonstandard auto insurance, weather, and legislative changes, among others. The impact of many of these items on ultimate costs for losses
and loss adjustment expenses is difficult to estimate. Loss reserve estimation is also affected by the volume of claims, the potential
severity of individual claims, the determination of occurrence date for a claim, and reporting lags (the time between the occurrence of
the policyholder event and when it is actually reported to the insurer). Informed judgment is applied throughout the process, including
the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. We continually refine our estimates
of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses in a regular ongoing process as historical loss experience develops, and additional claims
are reported and settled. We consider all significant facts and circumstances known at the time the liabilities for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses are established. 

There is an inherent amount of uncertainty in the establishment
of liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. This uncertainty is greatest in the current and most recent accident years
due to the more recent nature of the claims being reported and relatively small percentage of these claims that have been reported, investigated,
and adjusted by the Company s claims staff. Therefore, the reserves carried in these more recent accident years are generally more
conservative than those carried for older accident years. As the Company has the opportunity to investigate and adjust the reported claims,
both the case and IBNR reserves are adjusted to more closely reflect the ultimate expected loss. 

Other factors that may have an impact on the Company s case
and IBNR reserves include, but are not limited to, those described below. 

Changes in liability law and public attitudes regarding damage
awards 

Laws governing liability claims and judicial interpretations thereof
can change over time, which can expand the scope of coverage anticipated by insurers when initially establishing reserves for claims.
In addition, public attitudes regarding damage awards can result in judges and juries granting higher recoveries for damages than expected
by claims personnel when reserves are established. In addition, these changes can result in both increased claim frequency and severity
as both plaintiffs and their legal counsel perceive the opportunity for higher damage awards. Reserves established for claims that occurred
in prior years would not have anticipated these legal changes and, therefore, could prove to be inadequate for the ultimate losses paid
by the Company, causing the Company to experience adverse development and higher loss payments in future years. 

Change in claims handling and/or setting case reserves 

Changes in Company personnel and/or the approach to how claims are
reported, adjusted, and reserved may affect the reserves established by the Company. As discussed above, the setting of IBNR reserves
is not an exact science and involves the expert judgment of an actuary. One actuary s reserve opinion may differ slightly from another
actuary s opinion. This is the primary reason why the IBNR reserve estimate is customarily reported as a range by a company s
actuary, which provides a company with an acceptable range to use in establishing its best estimate for IBNR reserves. 

Economic inflation 

A sudden and extreme increase in the economic inflation rate could
have a significant impact on the Company s case and IBNR reserves. When establishing case reserves, claims personnel generally establish
an amount that in their opinion will provide a conservative amount to settle the loss. If the time to settle the claim extends over a
period of years, which is possible but unlikely as the Company usually settles claims in less than 50 days on average, the initial reserve
may not anticipate an economic inflation rate that is significantly higher than the current inflation rate. This can also apply to IBNR
reserves. Should the economic inflation rate increase significantly, the Company may not anticipate the need to adjust the IBNR reserves
accordingly, which could lead to the Company being deficient in its IBNR reserves. 

40 

Table of Contents 

Increases or decreases in claim severity for reasons other than
inflation 

Factors exist that can drive the cost to settle claims for reasons
other than standard inflation. For example, demand surge caused by a significant catastrophe, such as a hurricane, has an impact on not
only the availability and cost of building materials such as roofing and other materials, but also the availability and cost of labor.
Numerous other factors could also cause claim severity to increase beyond what the Company s historic reserves would reflect. In
addition, unexpected increases in labor, healthcare, or building material costs and other factors may cause fluctuations in the ultimate
development of the case reserves. 

Actual settlement experience different from historical data trends 

When establishing IBNR reserves, the Company s actuaries consider
many of the factors discussed above. One of the more important factors that is considered when setting reserves is the past or historical
claim settlement experience. Our actuaries consider factors such as the number of files entering litigation, payment patterns, length
of time it takes Company claims personnel to settle the claims, and average payment amounts when estimating reserve amounts. Should future
settlement patterns change due to the legal environment, Company claims handling philosophy, or personnel, it may have an impact on the
future claims payments, which could cause existing reserves to either be redundant (excessive) or deficient (below) compared to the actual
loss amount. 

Change in Reporting Lag 

As discussed above, the Company and its actuaries utilize historical
patterns to provide an accurate estimate of what will take place in the future. Should we experience an unexpected delay in reporting
time (claims are slower to be reported than in the past), we may underestimate the anticipated number of future claims, which could cause
the ultimate loss we may experience to be underestimated. A lag in reporting may be caused by changes in how claims are reported, the
types or lines of business the Company writes, the Company s distribution system, and the geographic area where the Company chooses
to insure risk. 

Due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates,
final resolution of the estimated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses may be higher or lower than the related loss
reserves at the reporting date. Therefore, actual paid losses, as claims are settled in the future, may be materially higher or lower
in amount than current loss reserves. The Company reflects adjustments to the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
in the results of operations during the period in which the estimates are changed. 

Investments 

The Company s fixed income securities and equity securities
are classified as available-for-sale and carried at estimated fair value as determined by management based upon quoted market prices or
a recognized independent pricing service at the reporting date for those or similar investments. Changes in unrealized investment gains
or losses on the fixed income securities, net of applicable income taxes, are reflected directly in shareholders equity as a component
of other comprehensive income (loss) and, accordingly, have no effect on net income (loss). Changes in unrealized investments gains or
losses on equity securities are reported in net income (loss). Investment income from fixed income securities is recognized when earned,
and realized investment gains (losses) are recognized when investments are sold, the fair value of equity securities change, or credit
impairments are recognized. 

For additional information on the Company s
investments, see Part II, Item 8, Note 5 Investments and Note 6 Fair Value Measurements . 

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and
Value of Business Acquired 

Certain direct policy acquisition costs consisting of commissions,
state premium taxes, and other direct underwriting expenses that vary with and are primarily related to the production of business are
deferred and amortized over the effective period of the related insurance policies as the underlying policy premiums are earned. 

As in the case of previous acquisitions, no deferred policy acquisition
costs DAC were recorded in the acquisition of Westminster in accordance with purchase accounting guidance. Rather, a separate
intangible asset representing the value of business acquired VOBA was valued at 4,750 and established at the closing
date. This VOBA intangible asset was amortized into expense as the acquired unearned premiums were reported into income, in the same way
as DAC, and was fully amortized at December 31, 2020. Policy acquisition costs relating to new business written by Westminster were deferred
following the closing date. The release of the VOBA asset and the establishment of new DAC generally offset each other over the twelve
months following the acquisition of Westminster. 

41 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred policy
acquisition costs and the related liability for unearned premiums were as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs 
 29,768 
 24,947 
 
 Liability for unearned premiums 
 148,513 
 127,789 

There were no VOBA intangible assets remaining
at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The method followed in computing DAC limits the
amount of deferred costs to their estimated realizable value, which gives effect to the premium to be earned, related investment income,
losses and loss adjustment expenses, and certain other costs expected to be incurred as the premium is earned. Future changes in estimates,
the most significant of which is expected losses and loss adjustment expenses, may require adjustments to DAC. If the estimation of net
realizable value indicates that DAC are not recoverable, they would be written off or a premium deficiency reserve would be established. 

Income Taxes 

Current income taxes represent amounts paid to
the federal government and certain states whose payment is based upon net income (subject to regulatory adjustments) generated by the
Company. The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred income taxes arise from the
recognition of temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the income tax bases of our assets and liabilities.
A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized.
Total income taxes reflect both current income taxes and the change in the net deferred income tax asset or liability, excluding amounts
attributed to accumulated other comprehensive income. 

The Company had gross deferred income tax assets
of 17,900 at December 31, 2022, and 10,070 at December 31, 2021, arising primarily from unearned premiums, loss reserve discounting,
net unrealized investment losses, and net operating loss carryforwards. A valuation allowance is required to be established for any portion
of the deferred income tax asset for which the Company believes it is more likely than not that it will not be realized. A valuation allowance
of 694 and 1,008 was maintained at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The Company had gross deferred income tax liabilities of 8,201
at December 31, 2022, and 14,568 at December 31, 2021, arising primarily from deferred policy acquisition costs, net unrealized investment
gains, and other intangible assets. 

The Company exercises significant judgment in
evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting income tax liabilities and assets. These judgments require us to make
projections of future taxable income. The judgments and estimates we make in determining its deferred income tax assets, which are inherently
subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income
may require the Company to record a valuation allowance against its deferred income tax assets. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no material
unrecognized income tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties. Federal income tax returns for the years 2019 through 2021 are open
for examination. 

Changing Climate Conditions 

Longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing, and new
types of catastrophe losses may be developing due to climate change, a phenomenon that has been associated with extreme weather events
linked to rising temperatures, and includes effects on global weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures, sea
levels, rain, hail, and snow. The frequency, number, and severity of these losses are unpredictable. The extent of losses from a catastrophe
is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Our ability
to effectively manage catastrophe risk is dependent, in part, on our reliance on various catastrophe models, which may produce unreliable
output as a result of inaccurate or incomplete data, along with the inherent uncertainty of future frequency and severity of losses. The
impact of changing climate conditions on the overall insurance industry may also materially affect the availability and cost of reinsurance
to us. In addition, these changes could impact the creditworthiness of issuers of securities in which the Company invests, subjecting
our investment portfolio to increased credit and interest rate risk, with the potential for reduced investment returns and/or material
realized or unrealized losses. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company generates sufficient funds from its operations and maintains
a high degree of liquidity in its investment portfolio to meet the demands of claim settlements and operating expenses. The primary sources
of funds are premium collections, investment earnings, and fixed income maturities. In 2017, we raised 93,145 in net proceeds from our
IPO, which we planned to use for strategic acquisitions. 

In 2018, we used 17,000 for the acquisition of Direct Auto, which
was paid at closing. On January 1, 2020, we acquired Westminster for 40,000. We paid 20,000 at the time of closing. The terms of the
acquisition agreement included payment of the remaining 20,000, subject to certain adjustments, in three equal installments on each of
the first and second anniversaries of the closing, and on the first business day of the month preceding the third anniversary of the closing.
The first two installments were paid in January 2021 and January 2022, and the final installment was paid in December 2022 with no adjustments
from the originally anticipated amount. The Company used net proceeds from the IPO to satisfy these obligations. 

We currently anticipate that cash generated from our operations
and available from our investment portfolio, along with the remaining IPO net proceeds, will be sufficient to fund our operations. 

The Company s philosophy is to provide sufficient cash flows
from operations to meet its obligations in order to minimize the forced sales of investments. The Company maintains a portion of its investment
portfolio in relatively short-term and highly liquid assets to ensure the availability of funds. 

The changes in cash and cash equivalents for the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities 
 (30,388 
 29,168 
 51,010 
 
 Net cash flows from investing activities 
 25,048 
 (48,151 
 200 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities 
 (18,281 
 (11,471 
 (12,265 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (23,621 
 (30,454 
 38,945 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by operating
activities totaled 30,388 compared to 29,168 net cash provided by operating activities a year ago. This decrease was primarily driven
by higher claim payments related to catastrophe losses during the current year and higher levels of premiums and agents balances
receivable and federal income tax recoverable. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing
activities totaled 25,048 compared to 48,151 net cash used by investing activities a year ago. This decrease in cash used was attributable
to the significant catastrophe losses in Nebraska and South Dakota, which resulted in more sales of securities to pay losses and less
available cash for investment purchases. The decrease was also attributable to the Company investing a higher level of excess cash during
the first quarter of 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by financing
activities totaled 18,281 compared to 11,471 a year ago. This increase in cash used was primarily attributable to the Company making
two installment payments for the Westminster purchase during 2022 for 13,333 compared to one installment payment in 2021 for 6,667. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating
activities totaled 29,168 compared to 51,010 in the year prior. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily
driven by higher claim payments related to a return to average loss frequency in the private passenger auto segment while pandemic-related
restrictions were removed as well as above average weather-related losses and a catastrophe event in the home and farm segment. The higher
claim payments were partially offset by increased premium receipts due to premium growth. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used by investing
activities totaled 48,151 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 200 in the year prior. In 2021, the Company invested
excess cash generated from operations and the implementation of the intercompany reinsurance pooling agreement into longer term investments. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used by financing
activities totaled 11,471 compared to 12,265 in the year prior. The Company paid the first installment of 6,667 of the additional consideration
for Westminster during the first quarter of 2021. The Company repurchased shares of its own common stock for 4,316 during 2021 compared
to 12,234 during 2020. 

As a standalone entity, and outside of the net proceeds from the
IPO, the Company s principal source of long-term liquidity will be dividend payments from its directly-owned subsidiaries. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Nodak Insurance is restricted by the insurance laws of North Dakota
as to the amount of liquid or other distributions it may pay to NI Holdings. North Dakota law sets the maximum amount of dividends that
may be paid by Nodak Insurance during any twelve-month period after notice to, but without prior approval of, the North Dakota Insurance
Department. This amount cannot exceed the lesser of (i) 10 of the Company s surplus as regards policyholders as of the preceding
December 31, or (ii) the Company s statutory net income for the preceding calendar year (excluding realized investment gains), less
any prior dividends paid during such twelve-month period. In addition, any insurance company other than a life insurance company may carry
forward net income from the preceding two calendar years, not including realized investment gains, less any dividends actually paid during
those two calendar years. Dividends in excess of this amount are considered extraordinary and are subject to the approval
of the North Dakota Insurance Department. 

There is no amount available for payment of dividends from Nodak
Insurance to NI Holdings during 2023 without the prior approval of the North Dakota Insurance Department based upon the net loss of Nodak
Insurance as of December 31, 2022. Prior to its payment of any dividend, Nodak Insurance will be required to provide notice of the dividend
to the North Dakota Insurance Department. This notice must be provided to the North Dakota Insurance Department 30 days prior to the payment
of an extraordinary dividend and 10 days prior to the payment of an ordinary dividend. The North Dakota Insurance Department has the power
to limit or prohibit dividend payments if an insurance company is in violation of any law or regulation. These restrictions or any subsequently
imposed restrictions may affect our future liquidity. The Nodak Insurance Board of Directors declared and paid dividends of 3,000 and
 6,000 to NI Holdings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. No dividends were declared or paid by Nodak Insurance
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Direct Auto re-domesticated from Illinois to North Dakota during
2021, and is now subject to the same dividend restrictions as Nodak Insurance. There is no amount available for payment of dividends from
Direct Auto to NI Holdings during 2023 without the prior approval of the North Dakota Insurance Department based upon the net loss of
Direct Auto as of December 31, 2022. No dividends were declared or paid by Direct Auto during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
or 2020. 

Westminster re-domesticated from Maryland to North Dakota during
2021, and is now subject to the same dividend restrictions as Nodak Insurance. There is no amount available for payment of dividends
from Westminster to NI Holdings during 2023 without the prior approval of the North Dakota Insurance Department based upon the net loss
of Westminster as of December 31, 2022. No dividends were declared or paid by Westminster during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
or 2020. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 

The primary contractual obligations of the Company
include gross loss and loss adjustment expenses payments, consideration due relating to the acquisition of Westminster, and operating
lease obligations. 

The Company s unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses were 190,459 as of December 31, 2022. Historical payment experience indicates that approximately 49 of this amount will be
paid during 2023 and another 35 will be paid over the subsequent two years. The actual timing and amounts of these payments in the future
may vary. 

Westminster was acquired on January 1, 2020,
for a purchase price of 40,000, subject to certain adjustments. The Company paid 20,000 from the net proceeds from the IPO at time
of closing, with another 20,000 payable in three equal installments. We paid the first two installments on the first two anniversaries
of the closing, in January 2021 and January 2022, and paid the final installment in December 2022. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements,
see Part II, Item 8, Note 2 Recent Accounting Pronouncements . 

45 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Market
Risk 

Market risk is the risk that a company will incur
losses due to adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments. The Company has exposure to three principal types of market
risk through its investment activities: interest rate risk, credit risk, and equity risk. Our primary market risk exposure is to changes
in interest rates. We have not entered, and do not plan to enter, into any derivative financial instruments for hedging, trading, or speculative
purposes. 

Interest Rate Risk 

Interest rate risk is the risk that a company
will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in interest rates. Our exposure to interest rate changes primarily results from our
significant holdings of fixed income securities. Fluctuations in interest rates have a direct impact on the fair value of these securities. 

We develop our investment strategies based on
a number of factors, including estimated duration of reserve liabilities, short and long-term liquidity needs, general economic conditions,
expected rates of inflation and regulatory requirements. The portfolio duration of the fixed income securities in the Company s
investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 was 4.55 years. These fixed income securities include U.S. government bonds, securities issued
by government agencies, obligations of state and local governments and governmental authorities, and corporate bonds, most of which are
exposed to changes in prevailing interest rates. These fixed income securities may experience significant fluctuations in fair value resulting
from changes in interest rates and are carried as available for sale. We manage the exposure to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations
through active management and consultation with our outside fixed income portfolio manager. 

Higher interest rates, oftentimes correlated to
inflation, reduce the carrying value of our fixed maturity and short-term investments, negatively impacting the Company s book value
in the short-term. Over the long-term, however, higher interest rates provide an incremental benefit to our net investment income over
time as excess cash and proceeds of maturing bonds are reinvested at higher rates. We manage our exposure to interest rate increases by
monitoring the duration within our investment portfolio and maintaining maturities that minimize forced sales within the portfolio. 

Additionally, we hold certain fixed income securities
that have call features. In a potential declining interest rate environment, these securities may be called by their issuer and replaced
with securities bearing lower interest rates. 

If we are required to sell fixed income securities
in a rising interest rate environment, the Company may recognize investment losses. 

The table below shows the interest rate sensitivity
of the Company s fixed income securities measured in terms of fair value (which is equal to the carrying value for all of its investment
securities that are subject to interest rate changes) at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Hypothetical Change in Interest Rate 
 Estimated Change 
 in Fair Value 
 Fair Value 
 Estimated Change 
 in Fair Value 
 Fair Value 
 
 200 basis point increase 
 (26,433 
 276,891 
 (31,975 
 332,676 
 
 100 basis point increase 
 (13,504 
 289,820 
 (16,116 
 348,535 
 
 No change 
 
 303,324 
 
 364,651 
 
 100 basis point decrease 
 13,986 
 317,310 
 16,018 
 380,669 
 
 200 basis point decrease 
 28,347 
 331,671 
 32,119 
 396,770 

The interest
rate exposure of the Company s portfolio was proportionately consistent in the current year compared to the prior year, which is
expected given the generally consistent composition and duration of the fixed income portfolio over this time. 

46 

Table of Contents 

Credit Risk 

Credit risk is the potential economic loss principally
arising from adverse changes in the financial condition of a specific debt issuer. We address this risk by investing primarily in fixed
income securities that are rated investment grade by Moody s Investors Services, Inc. or an equivalent rating quality. We also work
in conjunction with our outside fixed income portfolio manager to monitor the financial condition of all of the issuers of fixed income
securities in the portfolio. Additionally, the Company s investment policy includes diversification rules that limit the credit
exposure to any single issuer or asset class. 

Equity Risk 

Equity price risk is the risk that we will incur
economic losses due to adverse changes in equity prices. Our equity portfolio is subject to a variety of risk factors, including general
economic conditions which influence the performance of the underlying industries and companies within those industries. Industry and
company-specific risks also have the potential to substantially affect the value of our portfolio. The Company s investment policy
helps mitigate these risks by diversifying the portfolio and establishing parameters to help manage exposures. 

47 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Shareholders of NI Holdings, Inc. 

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements
and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NI Holdings,
Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in
any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Evaluation of Losses and Loss Adjustment
Expenses Reserves 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

On December 31, 2022, the Company s
 liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses was approximately 190 million. As described in Note 3 and 9, the
 Company s property and casualty insurance loss and loss expenses reserves (referred to as losses and loss expenses
 reserves ), are determined by the Company using actuarial methods, models, assumptions, and judgment to estimate the reserves
 required to pay for and settle all outstanding insured claims as of the financial statement date. There is significant uncertainty
 inherent in determining management s best estimate of the losses and loss expenses reserves, requiring the use of informed
 actuarially based estimates and management s judgment. The actuarial estimate of losses and loss expenses reserves is subject
 to review and adjustment by Company management. 

Losses and loss expenses are inherently uncertain
as to timing and amount and the recorded losses and loss expense reserves may vary materially from the actual ultimate cost of claims.
Given the subjectivity in estimating ultimate losses and loss expenses, due to uncertainties concerning the future emergence of losses
and loss expenses, inflation trends, and the judicial environment, among other factors, auditing losses and loss expenses reserves involved
an especially high degree of auditor judgment, including the need to involve an actuarial specialist. 

How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in the
Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s reserving process for losses and loss adjustment
expenses reserves. 

To test the Company s estimate of losses
and loss adjustment expenses reserves, our audit procedures included among others: 

With the assistance of the actuarial specialist,
we used the Company s claims data and other inputs, to develop a range of independent estimates for the losses and loss expenses
reserves. We used these independent estimates to assess the reasonableness of the Company s reserves by comparing our estimates
to the Company s recorded losses and loss expenses reserves. 

We tested the underlying data that served as
the basis for the actuarial analysis, including historical claims data, to test the reasonableness of key inputs to the actuarial estimate. 

We compared the Company s prior years estimates
of expected incurred losses to actual experience during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of losses and
loss expenses reserves. 

/s/ 

We have serves as the Company s auditor since
2016. 

March 8, 2023 

49 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(dollar amounts in thousands, except par value) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Fixed income securities, at fair value (net of allowance for expected credit losses of 0 at December 31, 2022) 

Equity securities, at fair value 

Other investments 

Total cash and investments 

Premiums and agents' balances receivable (net of allowance for expected credit losses of at December 31, 2022) 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance premiums receivable 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses (net of allowance for expected credit losses of at December 31, 2022) 

Income tax recoverable 

Accrued investment income 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Receivable from Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Reinsurance premiums payable 

Deferred income taxes 

Payable to Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 

Westminster consideration payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued: shares; and outstanding: 2022 shares, 2021 shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Unearned employee stock ownership plan shares 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Treasury stock, at cost, 2022 shares, 2021 shares 

Non-controlling interest 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

50 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Net premiums earned 

Fee and other income 

Net investment income 

Net investment gains (losses) 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other underwriting and general expenses 

Total expenses 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 

Earnings (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Share data: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in basic per common share calculations 

Plus: Dilutive securities 

Weighted average common shares used in diluted per common share calculations 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

51 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Loss) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

2022 

Attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 Attributable to Non-Controlling 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes: 

Holding gains (losses) on investments 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

2021 

Attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 Attributable to Non-Controlling 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes: 

Holding gains (losses) on investments 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

2020 

Attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest 
 Total 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes: 

Holding gains (losses) on investments 

Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

52 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital 
 Unearned 
Employee 
 Stock 
Ownership 
Plan Shares 
 Retained 
Earnings 
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss), 
Net of Income 
Taxes 
 Treasury Stock 
 Non- 
Controlling 
Interest 
 Total 
Shareholders 
Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Share-based compensation 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Issuance of vested award shares 

Distribution of employee stock ownership plan shares 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Share-based compensation 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Issuance of vested award shares 

Distribution of employee stock ownership plan shares 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 

Share-based compensation 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Issuance of vested award shares 

Distribution of employee stock ownership plan shares 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

53 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(dollar amounts in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows from operating activities: 

Net investment losses (gains) 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangibles 

Distribution of employee stock ownership plan shares 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Deferral of policy acquisition costs 

Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investments 

Loss (gain) on sale of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Premiums and agents balances receivable 

Reinsurance premiums receivable / payable 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Income tax recoverable / payable 

Accrued investment income 

Federal Crop Insurance Corporation receivable / payable 

Other assets 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of fixed income securities 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Purchases of fixed income securities 

Purchases of equity securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

Acquisition of Westminster American Insurance Company (cash consideration paid net of cash and cash equivalents acquired) 

Proceeds from sale of other investments and other 

Net cash flows from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Installment payment on Westminster consideration payable 

Issuance of vested award shares 

Net cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Non-cash item: Present value of installment payable issued in connection with acquisition of Westminster American Insurance Company 

Federal and state income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

54 

Table of Contents 

NI Holdings, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
(dollar amounts in thousands) 

of the outstanding shares of common stock of NI Holdings. Nodak Insurance then
became a wholly-owned stock subsidiary of NI Holdings. Prior to completion of the conversion, NI Holdings conducted no business and had
no assets or liabilities. As a result of the conversion, NI Holdings became the holding company for Nodak Insurance and its existing subsidiaries. 

owned by Nodak Insurance. Primero is a property and casualty insurance company
writing non-standard automobile coverage in the states of Nevada, Arizona, North Dakota, and South Dakota. Primero was acquired by Nodak
Insurance in 2014. 

55 

Table of Contents 

as part of other assets, a lease liability of as part of other liabilities, and an elimination
of the deferred rent liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
earnings was . The adoption of the updated guidance did not affect the Company s results of operations or cash flows. 

for premiums and agents' balances
receivable. Based on the results of the receivable 

56 

Table of Contents 

during 2022, 2021, and 2020). For more information,
see Part II, Item 8, Note 12 Related Party Transactions . Because we have concluded that we control Battle Creek, we consolidate
the financial statements of Battle Creek, and Battle Creek s policyholders interest in Battle Creek is reflected as a non-controlling
interest in shareholders equity in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and its net income or loss is excluded from net income or loss
attributed to NI Holdings in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

57 

Table of Contents 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

58 

Table of Contents 

of credit losses for these receivables at the time of adoption of CECL. Therefore, there
was no beginning balance of credit losses as of January 1, 2022, and all activity was the result of adoption. As a result of the transition
from the previous accounting treatment, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the time of adoption.
Given the nature of these receivables, the Company has elected to use a loss-rate method to determine the expected credit losses. The
allowance is based upon the Company s ongoing review of amounts outstanding and write-offs. Management may also evaluate current
economic conditions and reasonable/supportable forecasts to adjust this calculation as deemed necessary. 

59 

Table of Contents 

60 

Table of Contents 

. During the normal course of business,
balances are maintained above the FDIC insurance limit. The Company maintains short-term investment balances in investment grade money
market accounts that are insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC up to . On occasion, balances
for these accounts are maintained in excess of the SIPC insurance limit. 

61 

Table of Contents 

of the common stock of Westminster from the private shareholder of Westminster, and Westminster became a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company. Westminster is a property and casualty insurance company specializing in multi-peril commercial insurance in 11 states and the
District of Columbia. 

in cash consideration to the private shareholder
of Westminster as of the closing date, and an additional to be paid in equal annual installments. The acquisition of Westminster
did not include any contingent consideration other than a provision regarding future changes to federal income tax rates. The first two
installments were paid in January 2021 and January 2022, and the final installment was paid in December 2022 with no adjustments from
the originally anticipated amount. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Present value of future cash consideration 

Total cash consideration 

Fair Value of Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed: 

Identifiable net assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Fixed income securities 

Equity securities 

Other investments 

Premiums and agents' balances receivable 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Accrued investment income 

Property and equipment 

Federal income tax recoverable 

State insurance licenses (included in goodwill and other intangibles) 

Distribution network (included in goodwill and other intangibles) 

Trade name (included in goodwill and other intangibles) 

Value of business acquired (included in goodwill and other intangibles) 

Other assets 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Reinsurance premiums payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

and reinsurance recoverables on losses of . These were the gross amounts due from policyholders and
reinsurers, respectively, none of which were anticipated to be uncollectible. The Company did not acquire any other material receivables
as a result of the acquisition of Westminster. 

The state insurance license intangible has an indefinite life, while the other intangible assets are being amortized over their useful
lives of up to twenty years. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

63 

Table of Contents 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

After one year through five years 

After five years through ten years 

After ten years 

Mortgage / asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

After one year through five years 

After five years through ten years 

After ten years 

Mortgage / asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

64 

Table of Contents 

at December 31,
2022, and at December 31, 2021, were deposited with various state regulatory agencies as required by law. The Company has not pledged
any assets to secure any obligations. 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

65 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities 

Real estate 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total gross investment income 

Investment expenses 

Net investment income 

Equity securities 

Total gross realized gains 

Gross realized losses, excluding credit impairment losses: 

Fixed income securities 

Equity securities 

Total gross realized losses, excluding credit impairment losses 

Net realized gains 

Change in net unrealized gain on equity securities 

Net investment gains (losses) 

66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stock 

Total fixed income securities 

Equity securities: 

Common stock 

Non-redeemable preferred stock 

Total equity securities 

Cash equivalents 

Total assets at fair value 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Corporate securities 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

Asset-backed securities 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

Total fixed income securities 

Equity securities: 

Common stock 

Non-redeemable preferred stocks 

Total equity securities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total assets at fair value 

68 

Table of Contents 

as of December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively, in excess of a 
retention. The remaining significant components of the Company s reinsurance program were consistent for 2021 and 2020. Per risk
excess of loss treaties provided coverage of in excess of for property risks and in excess of for casualty risks,
with facultative contracts in place to provide coverage up to in excess of per property. Aggregate stop loss reinsurance
agreements were placed for both crop hail and multi-peril crop coverage. The crop hail aggregate attached at a net loss ratio providing
50 points of cover. The multi-peril crop aggregate attached at a net loss ratio providing 45 points of cover. In addition to the
aggregate covers, underlying multi-peril crop reinsurance was provided through the FCIC. 

, and did not experience any catastrophe events
during 2020 which exceeded the retention level. 

in excess of a retention, while there were no changes made to limit, retention, or attachment point
in our other reinsurance contracts. 

Assumed premium 

Ceded premium 

Net premiums 

Assumed losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Net losses and loss adjustment expenses 

69 

Table of Contents 

of our ceded reinsurance was cancelled
as of December 31, 2022, no ceded commissions would need to be returned to the reinsurers. Reinsurance contracts are typically effective
from January 1 through December 31 each year. 

Deferral of policy acquisition costs 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Balance, end of year 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Net balance, beginning of year 

Acquired unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total acquired 

Incurred related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total incurred 

Paid related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Total paid 

Balance, end of year: 

Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Net balance, end of year 

of net unfavorable development on prior accident years, primarily
attributable to unfavorable development for the Westminster commercial business partially offset by favorable development for Battle Creek
and Nodak Insurance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s incurred reported losses and loss adjustment expenses
included of net favorable 

70 

Table of Contents 

of net unfavorable development
on prior accident years, primarily attributable to our 2019 multi-peril crop business. 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

71 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

72 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 82012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

73 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

74 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

75 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

76 

Table of Contents 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

All outstanding liabilities prior to 2012, net of reinsurance 

Liabilities for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, net of reinsurance 

77 

Table of Contents 

Non-standard auto (Primero) 

Non-standard auto (Direct Auto) 

Home and farm 

Crop 

Commercial (Westminster) 

Commercial (non-Westminster) 

All other 

Total liabilities for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses: 

Private passenger auto 

Non-standard auto (Primero) 

Non-standard auto (Direct Auto) 

Home and farm 

Crop 

Commercial (Westminster) 

Commercial (non-Westminster) 

All other 

Total reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Non-Standard Auto (Primero) 

Non-Standard Auto (Direct Auto) 

Home and Farm 

Crop 

Commercial (Westminster) 

Commercial (non-Westminster) 

78 

Table of Contents 

Building and improvements 

years 
 
 Electronic data processing equipment 

years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 

years 
 
 Automobiles 

years 
 
 Gross cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

, , and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Commercial from acquisition of Westminster 

Total 

Distribution network 

Total subject to amortization 

Not subject to amortization state insurance licenses 

Total 

Distribution network 

Total subject to amortization 

Not subject to amortization state insurance licenses 

Total 

79 

Table of Contents 

, , and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The VOBA intangible asset of acquired in the Westminster
transaction was fully amortized during 2020. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total other intangible assets with finite lives 

American West Insurance Company 

Primero Insurance Company 

Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company 

Direct Auto Insurance Company 

Westminster American Insurance Company 

Total 

, , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Royalty amounts payable of
 and were accrued as a liability to the NDFB at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of membership dues on behalf of its NDFB members in North Dakota in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

80 

Table of Contents 

and to NI Holdings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. No dividends were
declared or paid by Nodak Insurance during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

81 

Table of Contents 

Investments 

Premiums and agents balances receivable 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses (2) 

Accrued investment income 

Income tax recoverable 

Deferred income taxes 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Notes payable (1) 

Pooling payable (1) 

Reinsurance losses payable (2) 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Equity: 

Non-controlling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

Fee and other income (expense) 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net investment gains (losses) 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other underwriting and general expenses 

Total expenses 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

82 

Table of Contents 

, , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

, , and during years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

, , and during the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

to the ESOP s related trust (the ESOP Trust ). The ESOP loan was for a period of ten years, bearing interest
at the long-term Applicable Federal Rate effective on the closing date of the offering annually). The ESOP Trust used the proceeds
of the loan to purchase shares in our initial public offering, which resulted in the ESOP Trust owning approximately of the Company s
authorized shares. The ESOP has purchased the shares for investment and not for resale. 

per share as part of the IPO. As shares are released from the ESOP suspense account, the contra-equity
account is credited, which reduces the impact of the contra-equity account on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet over time.
The Company records compensation expense related to the shares released, equal to the number of shares released from the suspense account
multiplied by the average market value of the Company s stock during the period. 

, , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to the ESOP. 

ESOP shares to participants, with a remainder of ESOP shares in suspense at December 31, 2022. Using the
Company s year-end market price of per share, the fair value of the unearned ESOP shares was at December 31, 2022. 

83 

Table of Contents 

line of credit with
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The terms of the line of credit include a floating interest rate of the bank s Prime Rate with a floor rate
of . There were no outstanding amounts during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. This line of credit is scheduled
to expire on . 

State 

Total current 

Deferred tax (benefit) provision 

Total provision for income taxes 

Expected provision for federal income taxes at 21 

State income taxes, net of federal impact 

Tax-exempt interest 

Dividends received deduction 

Compensation-related expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Total provision for income taxes 

, , and at December
31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Net unrealized losses on investments 

Net operating loss carryovers 

Other 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Net unrealized gains on investments 

Intangibles 

Other 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax asset (liability), net 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
net operating loss carryforward began expiring in 2021 and will continue through 2032. 

and of net operating loss carryover at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. This net operating loss carryforward expires in 2023. 

85 

Table of Contents 

, , and related
to these leases during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Other information on operating leases 

Operating cash outflow from operating leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Weighted average remaining lease term in years 
 years 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: present value adjustment 

Operating lease liability at December 31, 2022 

86 

Table of Contents 

Treasury shares repurchased through stock repurchase authorization 

Issuance of treasury shares for vesting of stock awards 

Issuance of shares related to employee stock ownership plan 

Shares outstanding, ending 

of the Company s outstanding common stock. We completed the repurchase
of shares of our common stock for during 2018, and an additional shares for during 2019. During the six
months ended June 30, 2020, we completed the repurchase of shares of our common stock for to close out this authorization. 

of the Company s outstanding common stock. During the year ended
December 31, 2020, we completed the repurchase of shares of our common stock for under this authorization. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, we repurchased an additional shares of our common stock for to close out this authorization. 

of the Company s outstanding common stock. During the six months
ended December 31, 2021, we completed the repurchase of shares of our common stock for under this new authorization. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed the repurchase of shares of our common stock for to close out this authorization. 

of the Company s outstanding common stock. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we completed the repurchase of shares of our common stock for under this authorization. 

excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. The effective date of these provisions is January
1, 2023. The Company is not expected to be subject to the AMT based on its reported GAAP earnings for the past three years. While we periodically
repurchase our stock, it is expected that any excise tax incurred on corporate stock repurchases will be recognized as part of the cost
basis of the treasury stock acquired and not reported as part of income tax or other expense. Based on our evaluation, the Company does
not expect this legislation to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

million shares of preferred stock. No preferred shares are issued or outstanding. 

87 

Table of Contents 

shares, subject to adjustments as provided in the Plan. No eligible
participant may be granted any awards for more than shares in the aggregate in any calendar year, subject to adjustment in accordance
with the Plan. The aggregate amount payable pursuant to all performance awards denominated in cash to any eligible person in any calendar
year is limited to in value. Directors who are not also employees of the Company may not be granted awards denominated in shares
that exceed in any calendar year. 

per year over a five -year period, while RSUs granted to
non-employee directors vest on the date of the next annual meeting of shareholders following the grant date. Dividend equivalents
on RSUs are accrued during the vesting period and paid in cash at the end of the vesting period, but are subject to forfeiture until the
underlying shares become vested. Participants do not have voting rights with respect to RSUs. 

RSUs granted during 2020 

RSUs earned during 2020 

Units outstanding and unearned at December 31, 2020 

RSUs granted during 2021 

RSUs earned during 2021 

Units outstanding and unearned at December 31, 2021 

RSUs granted during 2022 

RSUs earned during 2022 

Units outstanding and unearned at December 31, 2022 

88 

Table of Contents 

Income tax benefit 

RSU compensation expense, net of income taxes 

Total grant-date fair value of vested RSUs at end of period 

of unrecognized
compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

PSUs granted during 2020 (at target) 

Units outstanding at December 31, 2020 

PSUs granted during 2021 (at target) 

PSUs earned during 2021 

Performance adjustment (1) 

Forfeitures 

Units outstanding at December 31, 2021 

PSUs granted during 2022 (at target) 

PSUs earned during 2022 

Performance adjustment (1) 

Forfeitures 

Units outstanding at December 31, 2022 

89 

Table of Contents 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

PSU compensation expense (benefit), net of income taxes 

Total grant-date fair value of vested PSUs at end of period 

to of the initial target awards. 

of unrecognized
compensation cost related to outstanding PSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

percent or more of our revenues. The following tables provide available information of these segments
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

90 

Table of Contents 

Assumed premiums earned 

Ceded premiums earned 

Net premiums earned 

Direct losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Assumed losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Net losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Gross margin 

Underwriting and general expenses 

Underwriting gain (loss) 

Fee and other income 

Net investment income 

Net investment gains (losses) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 

Operating Ratios: 

Loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio 

Expense ratio 

Combined ratio 

Balances at December 31, 2022: 

Premiums and agents balances receivable 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Receivable from Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

91 

Table of Contents 

Assumed premiums earned 

Ceded premiums earned 

Net premiums earned 

Direct losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Assumed losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Net losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Gross margin 

Underwriting and general expenses 

Underwriting gain (loss) 

Fee and other income 

Net investment income 

Net investment gains (losses) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 

Operating Ratios: 

Loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio 

Expense ratio 

Combined ratio 

Balances at December 31, 2021: 

Premiums and agents balances receivable 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance recoverables on losses 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

Payable to Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 

92 

Table of Contents 

Assumed premiums earned 

Ceded premiums earned 

Net premiums earned 

Direct losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Assumed losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Net losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Gross margin 

Underwriting and general expenses 

Underwriting gain (loss) 

Fee and other income 

Net investment income 

Net investment gains (losses) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 

Operating Ratios: 

Loss and loss adjustment expenses ratio 

Expense ratio 

Combined ratio 

Balances at December 31, 2020: 

Premiums and agents balances receivable 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance recoverables 

Receivable from Federal Crop Insurance Corporation 

Goodwill and other intangibles 

Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Unearned premiums 

93 

Table of Contents 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

American West: 

Statutory capital and surplus 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

Primero: 

Statutory capital and surplus 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

Battle Creek: 

Statutory capital and surplus 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

Direct Auto: 

Statutory capital and surplus 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

Westminster: 

Statutory capital and surplus 

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net income (loss) 

from American
West and Primero. No dividends were paid to Nodak Insurance from either entity during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

and to NI Holdings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. No dividends were
declared or paid by Nodak Insurance during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

94 

Table of Contents 

95 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There have been no changes or disagreements with
accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as required
by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report, were designed and functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
in our periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such material information is accumulated and communicated to the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. We believe that a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, our management has reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Based on our evaluation under the COSO Framework,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s current internal control over financial
reporting is effective at December 31, 2022, and that our consolidated financial statements we include in this 2022 Annual Report present
fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Mazars USA LLP, our independent registered public
accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
This audit report appears in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this 2022 Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In the ordinary course of business, we periodically review our system of internal control over financial reporting
to identify opportunities to improve our controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control
environment. We continued this initiative during the annual period ending December 31, 2022, in support of the first audit of our internal
control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which resulted in various enhancements
to our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

96 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

We incorporate the response to this Item 10 by
reference to our proxy statement we will file with the SEC on or about April 11, 2023 relating to our Annual Meeting of Shareholders that
we will hold on May 23, 2023 (our Proxy Statement ). 

We have posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct on the Governance Highlights page of the Corporate Governance section of our website, www.niholdingsinc.com ,
which you can access free of charge. Information contained on the website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered part of,
this 2022 Annual Report. We intend to disclose on our website any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
that are required to be disclosed by law or NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

We incorporate the response to this Item 11 by
reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

We incorporate the response to this Item 12 by
reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

We incorporate the response to this Item 13 by
reference to our Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

We incorporate the response to this Item 14 by
reference to our Proxy Statement. 

97 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements and 

(2) Financial Statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this report. 

Schedule I Condensed financial information
of registrant NI Holdings, Inc. 

All other financial schedules are not required under the related
instructions, as they are inapplicable or the information has been included in the consolidated financial statements, and therefore have
been omitted. 

(3) The following exhibits are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and are included as part of this Form 10-K: 

2.1 Plan of Mutual Property and Casualty Insurance Company Conversion and Minority Offering of Nodak Mutual Insurance Company, dated
 as of January 21, 2016 (1) 

3.1 Articles of Incorporation of NI Holdings, Inc. (1) 

3.2 Bylaws of NI Holdings, Inc. (1) 

3.3 Amendment to the Bylaws of NI Holdings, Inc. (4) 

3.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of NI Holdings, Inc. (6) 

4.1 Form of certificate evidencing shares of common stock of NI Holdings, Inc. (1) 

4.2 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (8) 

10.1 2017 NI Holdings, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (5) 

10.2 Nodak Mutual Insurance Company Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (1) 

10.3# Employment Agreement dated as of April 28, 2016, between Michael J. Alexander and Nodak Mutual Insurance Company and NI Holdings, Inc. (1) 

10.4# Employment Agreement dated as of March 15, 2022, between Seth C. Daggett and Nodak Insurance Company and NI Holdings, Inc. (9) 

10.5# Employment Agreement dated as of April 28, 2016, between Patrick W. Duncan and Nodak Mutual Insurance Company and NI Holdings, Inc. (1) 

10.6 Trademark License Agreement dated as of October 1, 2016 between North Dakota Farm Bureau and Nodak Mutual Insurance Company (1) 

10.7 Multiple Peril Crop/Livestock Insurance Full Service Agency Agreement among American Farm Bureau Insurance Services, Inc. and Nodak Mutual
Insurance Company, American West Insurance Company and Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company for Crop Year 2016 (1) 

10.8 Crop Hail Insurance Full Service Agency Agreement among American Farm Bureau Insurance Services, Inc. and Nodak Mutual Insurance Company,
American West Insurance Company and Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company for Crop Year 2016 (1) 

10.9# Nodak Mutual Insurance Company Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (3) 

10.10# NI Holdings, Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (1) 

10.11 Affiliation Agreement dated as of December 30, 2010 between Nodak Mutual Insurance Company and Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company (2) 

98 

Table of Contents 

10.12 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (7) 

10.13 NI Holdings, Inc. 2020 Stock and Incentive Plan (7) 

10.14# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Executives (10) 

10.15# Form of NI Holdings, Inc. Growth in Book Value Per Share Performance Share Unit Agreement (10) 

10.16# 2022 NI Holdings, Inc. Short-Term Incentive Bonus (11) 

21.1 Subsidiaries of NI Holdings, Inc. 

23.1 Consent of Mazars USA LLP, Fort Washington, PA, PCAOB ID 

31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are
embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document 

101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Inline XBRL (Extensible
Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of
Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

# Management contract or
compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) Filed as an exhibit
to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-214057) filed with the SEC on October 11, 2016, and incorporated
herein by reference. 

(2) Filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-214057) filed with the SEC on November 14,
2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) Filed as an exhibit
to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-214057) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2017,
and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) Filed as Exhibit 3.1
to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) Filed as Exhibit 10.1
to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on September 18, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) Filed as Exhibit 3.1
to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on April 22, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

99 

Table of Contents 

(7) Filed as an Exhibit
to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on May 29, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) Filed as an Exhibit
to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(9) Filed as an Exhibit
to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(10) Filed as Exhibit to
the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) Filed as Exhibit
to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37973) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

100 

Table of Contents 

Schedule I Condensed financial information of registrant
 NI Holdings, Inc. 

Condensed Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 3,791 
 8,743 
 
 Fixed income securities, at fair value 
 1,013 
 11,247 
 
 Equity securities, at fair value 
 6,211 
 8,912 
 
 Total cash and investments 
 11,015 
 28,902 

Income tax recoverable 
 946 
 423 
 
 Accrued investment income 
 2 
 94 
 
 Investment in wholly-owned subsidiaries 
 239,110 
 327,340 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 1,088 
 861 
 
 Total assets 
 252,161 
 357,620 

Liabilities: 

Westminster consideration payable 
 
 13,020 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 1,184 
 1,396 
 
 Total liabilities 
 1,184 
 14,416 

Shareholders equity 
 250,977 
 343,204 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 252,161 
 357,620 

101 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Fee and other income 

(31 
 
 Net investment income 
 143 
 396 
 717 
 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 (492 
 2,119 
 425 
 
 Total revenues 
 (349 
 2,515 
 1,111 

Expenses: 

Other underwriting and general expenses 
 3,002 
 4,543 
 5,711 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,002 
 4,543 
 5,711 

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 (3,351 
 (2,028 
 (4,600 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (1,124 
 (156 
 (1,190 
 
 Income (loss) before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 (2,227 
 (1,872 
 (3,410 

Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries 
 (50,869 
 10,288 
 43,799 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 (53,096 
 8,416 
 40,389 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 (53,096 
 8,416 
 40,389 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 (165 
 (346 
 127 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) attributed to subsidiaries 
 (34,358 
 (7,257 
 7,101 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 
 (34,523 
 (7,603 
 7,228 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 (87,619 
 813 
 47,617 

102 

Table of Contents 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. 
 (53,096 
 8,416 
 40,389 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) attributable to NI Holdings, Inc. to net cash flows from operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 50,869 
 (10,288 
 (43,799 
 
 Other 
 359 
 1,159 
 1,395 
 
 Net adjustments 
 51,228 
 (9,129 
 (42,404 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities 
 (1,868 
 (713 
 (2,015 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from maturities and sales of fixed income securities 
 9,942 
 10,103 
 16,238 
 
 Proceeds from sales of equity securities 
 4,278 
 7,306 
 4,174 
 
 Purchases of fixed income securities 
 
 (808 
 (1,550 
 
 Purchases of equity securities 
 (2,023 
 (4,512 
 (4,139 
 
 Acquisition of Westminster American Insurance Company 

(20,000 
 
 Net cash flows from investing activities 
 12,197 
 12,089 
 (5,277 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Dividend from subsidiaries 
 3,000 
 
 6,000 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 (4,180 
 (4,316 
 (12,234 
 
 Installment payment on Westminster consideration payable 
 (13,333 
 (6,667 

Issuance of vested award shares 
 (768 
 (488 
 (31 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities 
 (15,281 
 (11,471 
 (6,265 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (4,952 
 (95 
 (13,557 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 8,743 
 8,838 
 22,395 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 3,791 
 8,743 
 8,838 

Note A Basis of presentation 

In the parent-company-only financial statements, the Company s
investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries since inception. The parent-company-only
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note B Dividends from subsidiaries 

The Company received cash dividends of 3,000 and 6,000 from Nodak
Insurance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. No dividends from its subsidiaries were received during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

103 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
on March 8, 2023. 

NI HOLDINGS, INC. 

/s/ Michael J. Alexander 

Michael J. Alexander 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below on March 8, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/ Michael J. Alexander 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer ), Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Michael J. Alexander 

/s/ Seth C. Daggett 
 
 Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Seth C. Daggett 

/s/ Eric K. Aasmundstad 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Eric K. Aasmundstad 

/s/ William R. Devlin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 William R. Devlin 

/s/ Duaine C. Espegard 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Duaine C. Espegard 

/s/ Cindy L. Launer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Cindy L. Launer 

/s/ Stephen V. Marlow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Stephen V. Marlow 

/s/ Prakash Mathew 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Prakash Mathew 

/s/ Jeffrey R. Missling 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey R. Missling 

104 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF NI HOLDINGS, INC. 

Company 
 
 State of Organization 

Percentage of Equity Owned 
 Directly or Indirectly 
 
 Nodak Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 American West Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 Tri-State Ltd. 
 
 South Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 Primero Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 Nodak Agency, Inc. 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 Battle Creek Mutual Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 0 
 
 Direct Auto Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 
 
 Westminster American Insurance Company 
 
 North Dakota 
 
 100 

105 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the registration statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-221630 and 333-239645) of our report dated March 8, 2023 relating to the consolidated
financial statements, consolidated financial statement schedules of NI Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries listed in Item 15(a)(2), and the
effectiveness of NI Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Mazars USA LLP 

 Fort Washington, PA 

 March 8, 2023 

106 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION
302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Michael J. Alexander, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NI Holdings, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Michael J. Alexander 

Michael J. Alexander 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

107 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION
302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Seth C. Daggett, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NI Holdings, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Seth C. Daggett 

Seth C. Daggett 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

108 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 In connection with the annual report of NI Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
we, Michael J. Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Seth C. Daggett, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Michael J. Alexander 

Michael J. Alexander 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

March 8, 2023 
 /s/ Seth C. Daggett 

Seth C. Daggett 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer 

109 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nodk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nodk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nodk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nodk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nodk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

