<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1830081_0001213900-23-024638.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8541253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>399750</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1744456</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2234983</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1993947</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1899233</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024638.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rumble Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830081
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				851087461
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40079
		FILM NUMBER:		23780803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-938-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF Acquisition Corp. VI
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024638.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_rumbleinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission 
Washington, D. C. 20549 

Form 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: ,

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 
on which registered The Global Market Warrants to purchase one share of Class A common stock RUMBW The Nasdaq Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of Class A common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of June 30, 2022
was approximately . 

As of March 27, 2023 ,
the registrant had issued and outstanding (i) s hares of Class A common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, ii) shar es of Class C common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, and (i ii) s hares of Class D common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on June 16, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference
for purposes of Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The definitive proxy statement will be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Rumble Inc. 
Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Part I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 30 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

Part II 
 32 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

Part III 
 48 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

Part IV 
 49 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

Signatures 
 53 

i 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding, among other things, our plans,
strategies and prospects, both business and financial. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Although
we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot provide assurance that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Generally, statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning
possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, events or results of operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Investors should read statements that contain these words carefully because they
discuss future expectations, contain projects of future results of operations or financial condition; or state other forward-looking 
information. Forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Form 10-K and may involve significant
judgments and assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control. There
may be events in the future that management is not able to predict accurately or over which we have no control. We do not undertake any
obligation to update to otherwise correct any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the
date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events, inaccuracies that become apparent after the date hereof or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws. The risk factors and cautionary language contained in this Form 10-K provide
examples of risks, uncertainties, and events that may cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in such
forward-looking statements, including among other things: 

our
 ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination (as defined below),
 which may be affected by, among other things, our ability to grow and manage growth profitably,
 maintain relationships with customers, compete within our industry and retain key employees; 

the
 possibility that we may be adversely impacted by economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 

our
 limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects; 

our
 inability to effectively manage future growth and achieve operational efficiencies; 

our
 recent and rapid growth may not be indicative of future performance; 

we
 may not continue to grow or maintain our active user base, and may not be able to achieve
 or maintain profitability; 

spam activity, including inauthentic and fraudulent user activity, if undetected, may contribute, from time to time, to some amount of overstatement of our performance indicators; 

we
 collect, store, and process large amounts of user video content and personal information
 of our users and subscribers. If our security measures are breached, our sites and applications
 may be perceived as not being secure, traffic and advertisers may curtail or stop viewing
 our content or using our services, our business and operating results could be harmed, and
 we could face governmental investigations and legal claims from users and subscribers; 

we
 may fail to comply with applicable privacy laws; 

we
 are subject to cybersecurity risks and interruptions or failures in our information technology
 systems and as we grow and gain recognition, we will likely need to expend additional resources
 to enhance our protection from such risks. Notwithstanding our efforts, a cyber incident
 could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or
 financial loss; 

we
 may be found to have infringed on the intellectual property of others, which could expose
 us to substantial losses or restrict our operations; 

we
 may face liability for hosting a variety of tortious or unlawful materials uploaded by third
 parties, notwithstanding the liability protections of Section 230 of the Communications Decency
 Act of 1996 Section 230 

we
 may face negative publicity for removing, or declining to remove, certain content, regardless
 of whether such content violated any law; 

ii 

our
 traffic growth, engagement, and monetization depend upon effective operation within and compatibility
 with operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers and standards, including mobile operating
 systems, networks, and standards that we do not control; 

our
 business depends on continued and unimpeded access to our content and services on the internet.
 If we or those who engage with our content experience disruptions in internet service, or
 if internet service providers are able to block, degrade or charge for access to our content
 and services, we could incur additional expenses and the loss of traffic and advertisers; 

we
 face significant market competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively with our
 competitors for traffic and advertising spend, our business and operating results could be
 harmed; 

changes
 to our existing content and services could fail to attract traffic and advertisers or fail
 to generate revenue; 

we
 depend on third-party vendors, including internet service providers, advertising networks,
 and data centers, to provide core services; 

hosting
 and delivery costs may increase unexpectedly; 

we
 have offered and intend to continue to offer incentives, including economic incentives, to
 content creators to join our platform, and these arrangements often involve fixed payment
 obligations that are not contingent on actual revenue or performance metrics generated by
 the applicable content creator but rather are typically based on our modeled financial projections
 for that creator, which if not satisfied may adversely impact our financial performance,
 results of operations and liquidity; 

we
 may be unable to develop or maintain effective internal controls; 

potential
 diversion of management s attention and consumption of resources as a result of acquisitions
 of other companies and success in integrating and otherwise achieving the benefits of recent
 and potential acquisitions; 

we
 may fail to maintain adequate operational and financial resources or raise additional capital
 or generate sufficient cash flows; 

we
 may be adversely impacted by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 

changes
 in tax rates, changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce, the adoption of
 new tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities may adversely impact our financial
 results; 

compliance
 obligations imposed by new privacy laws, laws regulating social media platforms and online
 speech in the U.S. and Canada, or industry practices may adversely affect our business; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties indicated in this Form 10-K, including those under Item 1A.
 Risk Factors herein, and other filings that we have made or will make with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

iii 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Unless
the section herein specifies otherwise, references to the Company, we, us or our 
are to, (a) prior to the consummation of the business combination (the Business Combination contemplated by that certain
business combination agreement, dated December 1, 2021 (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement ), by and between
CF Acquisition Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation CF VI ), and Rumble Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province
of Ontario, Canada Legacy Rumble ), either (i) CF VI or (ii) Legacy Rumble, as the context may require, and (b) following
the closing of the Business Combination, Rumble Inc., a Delaware corporation. Unless the section herein specifies otherwise, references
to Rumble are to (x) prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Legacy Rumble and (y) following the closing of the
Business Combination, Rumble Inc., a Delaware corporation. References to ExchangeCo are to 1000045728 Ontario Inc., a corporation
formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Rumble, and references to ExchangeCo
Shares are to the exchangeable shares of ExchangeCo. 

Our
Story 

Rumble
was founded in 2013, back when the concept of preferencing on the internet was simple it was big vs. small. At
that time, it was clear that big tech social video platforms were beginning to preference large creators, influencers, and brands, while
leaving the small creator behind and thus, creating a market opportunity. At that time, Rumble was founded based on the premise of providing
small creators with the tools and distribution that they needed to succeed. 

Fast forward to 2020, when
a new, and much more nuanced world of preferencing was evolving online, which included sophisticated algorithms used by
the big tech incumbents for amplification and censorship. In contrast, Rumble never took the approach of black box algorithms to drive
profit and, most importantly, we never moved the goal posts on content policies. This consistency and transparency, along with tailwinds
from the 2020 U.S. election season, led to dramatic growth in our user base from 1.2 million monthly active users MAUs in Q2 2020 to 21 million MAUs in Q4 2020. 

Soon after this, the preferencing and censorship enforced by big tech
social platforms continued to expand into many other areas of content, including but not limited to the crypto-finance community and pop
culture. As a result, more creators and their audiences found a new home on Rumble. These have included top creators, such as Dan Bongino,
Russell Brand, Kim Iversen, Steve Will Do It, Dave Rubin, Kimberly Guilfoyle, Glenn Greenwald, Matt Kohrs, and Dana White, just to name
a few. As a result, our user base has grown from 21 million MAUs in Q4 2020 to 80 million MAUs in Q4 2022, almost quadrupling in two years. 

During
this period of accelerated growth, Rumble announced a business combination with CF VI, a special purpose acquisition company, on December
1, 2021. The Business Combination was successfully completed on September 16, 2022, and our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share Class A Common Stock began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbol RUM. The
Business Combination and related PIPE investment provided Rumble with gross proceeds of approximately 400 million, prior to transaction
expenses. This capital infusion helps Rumble compete with its big tech competitors. Ultimately, 99.9 of CF VI shareholders elected not
to redeem their shares, which we believe was a strong expression of support for Rumble s mission, its growth story to date and
its future potential. 

For
further discussion of our key performance indicators, including definitions and explanations of the ways that management uses these metrics
in managing the performance of the business, please refer to the section titled Key Business Metrics under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

1 

Our
Portfolio 

Rumble
has two core businesses: 

1) Video :
consisting of Rumble, our social video platform; Locals Technology Inc. Locals ), our subscription platform; and Rumble
Advertising Center (RAC), our in-house advertising platform; and 

2)
 Cloud : a new Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) venture that we are planning to launch. 

Our Video Business 

The video business consists of
three core products: Rumble, Locals and RAC. The vision of our video business is to provide creators with the best monetization toolkit
on the internet. To fulfill this vision, our product roadmap includes the conversion of Rumble, Locals and RAC from three separate products
to a single seamlessly integrated platform. 

Rumble
is a free-to-use video sharing platform operated by our Canadian subsidiary, Rumble Canada Inc., on which users can watch, share, like,
comment, and upload videos. Users can subscribe to channels to stay in touch with creators and access video on-demand VOD and live content streamed by creators. 

Locals,
which we acquired in October 2021, is a platform on which users can purchase subscriptions to access exclusive content in creator communities.
Creators and subscribers can engage through VOD, podcasts, live chat, polls, and community discussions. 

Both
Rumble and Locals are available via desktop and mobile web, iOS and Android mobile applications apps ), as well as connected
TV apps including, but not limited to Roku, Apple TV, Fire TV and Android TV. 

RAC
is an advertising marketplace, similar to Google AdSense, designed to facilitate transactions for advertisers seeking to advertise on
Rumble s platforms as well as publisher platforms with which Rumble has partnerships. In RAC, advertisers can create and set up
banner and video campaigns. We also plan on designing RAC to become a marketplace of host-read / sponsorship advertising, which has the
potential to provide a significant opportunity for creators to further build their businesses. As of December 31, 2022, RAC was in beta
mode during which the system is being tested by a subset of advertisers with a very limited amount of available inventory. The product
continues to be enhanced in preparation for an expected commercial launch later in 2023. As we scale and integrate our platforms, we
expect to eventually drive significant and differentiated value to advertisers and creators through the development of this independent
advertising marketplace. Content creators use Rumble, Locals and RAC to build and monetize their audience through the following: 

Build
 your Audience As a free-to-use platform with an average of 80 million
 MAUs as of December 31, 2022, Rumble is designed to provide creators the ability to grow
 their audience. Creators can generate revenue on Rumble via programmatic advertisements served
 by RAC, host-read advertising, or sponsorships managed and facilitated by Rumble sales. Livestreaming
 creators also can drive revenue via tipping, known as Rumble Rants , through
 the live-chat functionality. 

Grow your Super Fans As creators build and establish their brands on Rumble, they have the ability to bring their super fans over to Locals, through which creators can provide exclusive content to paying subscribers. Creators can monetize on Locals via subscriptions, tipping, as well as one-time purchases of content through a feature called Content+. 

We
anticipate further enhancing the value proposition for users, creators, and advertisers as we continue to invest in integrating and enhancing
the Rumble, Locals and RAC platforms to provide a seamless experience and fulfill our vision of providing the best monetization toolkit
for creators on the internet. 

2 

In
addition, Rumble also obtains exclusive rights to distribute and license certain content on third party platforms, as well as on Rumble
and Locals. 

Our
Cloud Business 

In addition to our video business,
we are also planning to launch Rumble Cloud, a new Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) business. We anticipate early demand for our cloud
services from businesses that find themselves at risk of cancellation by the incumbent big tech cloud providers, analogous to the initial
market opportunity that we realized in our video business. Offering cloud services is a natural extension of our video business, as we
can utilize excess capacity from our existing infrastructure. 

Our
Constituents and Engagement 

We have grown rapidly in the past year with our global MAUs reaching
80 million on average in Q4 2022, an increase of 142 from our 33 million average MAUs achieved in Q4 2021, and with minutes watched per
month on our platform increasing from 0.2 billion in Q3 2020 to 11.1 billion in Q4 2022. 

Since
Q1 2022, we have secured top content creators across a diverse set of content verticals and have onboarded content creators such as: 

Russell
 Brand Comedian, actor, and podcast host 

Dana
 White and Power Slap New sports league founded by the UFC President 

Steven
 Crowder Prominent political commentator and comedian 

Steve
 Will Do It Well-known influencer within the Gen Z demographic 

Glenn
 Greenwald Journalist, author, and lawyer 

Fresh
 Fit Popular late-night podcast within the Gen Z demographic 

Dave
 Rubin Host of the Rubin Report 

Matt
 Kohrs Cryptocurrency and investing content creator 

Our
goal is to attract even more top creators to our platform, further accelerating our platform s growth, and we have offered and
intend to continue to offer incentives, including economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform. We view expanding our
content library and creator base as paramount to attracting more users and driving engagement on our platform. Hours of uploaded video
per day were 10,373 on average in Q4 2022, an increase of 216 from Q4 2021. 

As we bring top creators and their
content pipeline to our platform, we believe that we can draw more users onto our platform and keep them engaged for longer, in turn offering
better monetization opportunities for creators, and allowing us to bring on more creators. This flywheel effect is the key mechanism by
which we are approaching growing our video business. 

3 

Competitive
Strengths 

Competitive
Overview 

We
operate in a highly competitive environment, and the market for video content is rapidly evolving. Traditionally, video content had limitations
on how it was distributed to consumers, posing challenges for companies aiming to engage consumers across traditional and digital technologies.
Today, video content is consumed across all mediums in various formats, which has both increased the opportunities for consumer engagement
and altered the competitive dynamic for new and incumbent players. 

Further,
the market expectation of instant, high-definition delivery and a diversified content offering has altered the strategy and go-to-market
approach for even the most successful video platforms. 

We
compete with traditional video distribution platforms, but also with social media networks, entertainment businesses, video on demand
providers, major film and television studios, cable/news television networks, and more. What we believe has differentiated Rumble is
our ability to quickly establish and maintain trust with our users, creating an enjoyable and open viewing experience that welcomes content
of all genres. We take tremendous pride in operating what we view as the go-to neutral video platform in the market, which we believe
has allowed us to maintain our competitive positioning versus incumbent platforms. 

A
Significant Market Shift 

We
believe that several market friction points are driving creators and users to seek alternatives to incumbent platforms. Increasingly,
household technology names have adopted several principles and behaviors that we believe have opened significant market opportunity for
us to establish a lasting relationship with our community. 

Arbiters
 of Truth : Big Tech has increasingly adopted strict and evolving content
 moderation policies on user-generated and other published content. Constant shifting of policies
 has created controversy among creators and users who may believe their content, or content
 from other creators, is being restricted by biased practices, policies, and algorithms that
 have been altered to accommodate evolving trends in the digital ecosystem. This has led users
 and creators to seek reliable, alternative platforms that would not, outside of clearly defined
 content guidelines, restrict or shield creators content from reaching their potential
 audience. 

Large
 Creator Focus: Additionally, our biggest competitors are increasingly catering to the large
 creators that represent individual and corporate accounts, attracting viewers to the
 content that large creators choose to feature, and creating increasing barriers for smaller
 creators to distribute content on those platforms. 

4 

Our
Competitive Differentiation 

We
believe that Rumble is uniquely positioned to address the various concerns in the video distribution marketplace. Rumble is one of the
few neutral, independent, and scaled video platforms that operates with a consistent and user-friendly moderation policy, employing only
reasonable, obvious, and necessary standards of conduct, which are clearly defined. Rumble is unique because we seek to simply distribute
the content how and where consumers want it, with no preferential treatment. We have built a differentiated product for both users and
creators, which has fueled our recent user growth and, we believe, positions us for further widespread adoption. 

Value
Proposition for Users 

We
aim to allow consumers of our content to see content that they desire, with no preferential treatment for large creators
or algorithms that suppress certain viewpoints. We have attracted and retained a global user base on the simple premise that Rumble offers
our community the best experience in the market which is the single most important component to our strategy. Our open search
algorithm allows our community to access our entire content library within the search function. As our content library continues to expand,
this value proposition will only continue to expand opportunities and create an even better experience for the Rumble community. 

Value
Proposition for Creators 

Many
key elements of our value proposition to users also benefit our creators. We are focused on attracting the best talent to the platform
and have built tools to facilitate content production, distribution and monetization. Simply put, if a creator uploads quality content,
our goal to make sure that this content is seen. This creates favorable monetization opportunities for the best content on the platform
and highlights the value of our offering to content creators of all magnitudes. 

Our
offering includes a world-class SDRM (social digital rights management) service for our creators, helping them to manage libraries and
ensure maximum efficiency on and off the Rumble platform. This feature further enhances our relationship with our creators and allows
us to capture, record and enhance our product through data analytics. 

As
we continue to develop our in-house technology, we expect that our competitive differentiation will extend beyond distribution to infrastructure,
offering a similar value proposition to both markets: being a neutral platform built to meet the needs of our community. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
are focused on the following areas in an effort to drive our growth: 

Content
Acquisition 

Our
user base and user engagement growth are directly driven by the content available on our platform. We have on-boarded several top content
creators onto our platform over the last year which has enabled our significant consumption growth. Our goal is to attract even more
top creators to our platform, further accelerating our platform s growth, and we have offered and intend to continue to offer incentives,
including economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform. These incentives have included and may continue to include equity
grants or cash payments, including arrangements under which we may agree to pay fixed compensation to content creators (in certain cases,
for multiple years) irrespective of whether the actual revenue or user growth generated by the content creator on our platform meets
our original modeled financial projections for that creator. 

5 

Video Product Development 

Our
vision is to offer the best monetization toolkit for creators on the internet. To fulfill this vision, we plan to develop a seamless
integration across Rumble, Locals and RAC. In doing so, we strive to unlock full monetization potential across programmatic advertising,
host-read ads / sponsorships, tipping, subscription and pay-per-view. We anticipate that realization of this vision will greatly accelerate
creator onboarding to the platform, providing incremental value to users and advertisers, and ultimately drive platform consumption and
revenue. While we continue to develop new functionality on each component of the platform, we focus on integration that will drive value
to users, creators, and advertisers. 

Cloud
Product Development 

While
our Cloud infrastructure services offerings are still in early stages of development, our tentative roadmap includes: video player (player
and encoding), networking, storage, and cloud services (secure, sizable compute capacity). We expect Rumble Cloud to enter the beta stage
in 2023, during which we will continue to refine our go to market approach and product in preparation for an expected commercial release
in 2024. 

International
Expansion 

Historically, we have focused
on growing our U.S. and Canadian user base; any historic consumption from international countries has been purely opportunistic. We anticipate
boosting our international expansion once the video product and associated integrations are ready for scale across multiple languages
and markets. We believe that there is a significant opportunity for a global expansion of our content, user base and revenue. 

Marketing
and Advertising 

Users
and Creators 

With the significant organic growth that we experienced to date, most
of our marketing efforts have been focused on amplifying earned media and accelerating the word-of-mouth momentum through creator advocacy.
As a result, we have been able to build our user base and brand with relatively minimal marketing costs. In the future, we will look to
build our brand across multiple audiences, driving user growth and video consumption through (1) content creator partnerships and advocacy,
including by offering incentives, including economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform, (2) continued earned media
strategies, and (3) increased marketing spend, primarily through digital paid media channels. Like many other major social media companies,
we rely on paid advertising in order to attract users to our platform; however, we cannot be certain that all or substantially all activity
that results from such advertising is genuine. 

Advertisers 

We
currently use several third-party advertisement networks and exchanges to fill our advertisement inventory. By developing our own network,
we will be in position to drive our value proposition and expand our advertiser base. In January 2022, we announced the deployment of
an alpha version of RAC, our own advertising marketplace. Several advertisers have begun using the new system, and eventually, we plan
for all ads on the Rumble platform to be served through this marketplace. We further expect to drive significant and differentiated value
to advertisers through the development of this independent advertising marketplace. 

Human
Capital 

We believe that our employees are our most significant resource. As
of December 31, 2022, we had 70 full-time employees, of whom 24 were based in Canada and 46 were based in the United States. None of our
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe we have good relationships with our employees. Our human capital
resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and additional employees.
The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate key employees and directors through the granting
of stock-based compensation awards. 

Competition 

We
compete primarily with companies (many of which are much larger and more well capitalized than us) that also provide video and streaming
platforms to content creators, including YouTube, Roku, TikTok, Snapchat and Facebook. We compete with these companies to attract, engage
and retain users and subscribers. 

6 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to domestic and foreign laws that affect companies conducting business on the internet generally, including laws relating
to the liability of providers of online services for their operations and the activities of their users. 

Because
we host user-uploaded content, we may be subject to laws concerning such content. In the U.S., we rely, to a significant degree, on laws
that limit the liability of online providers for user-uploaded content, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 DMCA and Section 230. Countries outside the U.S. generally do not provide as robust protections for online providers and may instead regulate
such entities to a higher degree. For example, in certain countries, online providers may be liable for hosting certain types of content
or may be required to remove such content within a short period of time upon notice. As we expand internationally, we or our customers
may also be subject to laws that regulate streaming services or online platforms, such as the EU s Audiovisual Media Services Directive
or EU Regulation 2019/1150, which regulates platform-to-business relations. 

Because
we receive, store and use a substantial amount of information received from or generated by our users, we are also impacted by laws and
regulations governing privacy and data security in the U.S. and worldwide. Examples of such regimes include Section 5 of the Federal
Trade Commission Act, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These
laws generally regulate the collection, storage, transfer and use of personal information. 

Because
our platform facilitates online payments, including subscription fees and tipping, we are subject to a variety of laws governing online
transactions, payment card transactions and the automatic renewal of online agreements. In the U.S., these matters are regulated by,
among other things, the federal Restore Online Shoppers Confidence Act (ROSCA) and various state laws. 

As
a U.S.-based company with Canadian operations, we are subject to a variety of foreign laws governing our foreign operations, as well
as Canadian and U.S. laws that restrict trade and certain practices. 

Product
Development 

With
relatively limited access to capital for most of the Company s history, our product and engineering teams have worked in an environment
based on efficiency and speed with a stringent focus on end-user value. With new access to capital upon consummation of the Business
Combination and the ability to scale, it will be critical to maintain this culture as we look to bring new innovations to our users and
creators. 

Infrastructure 

Guided by our overarching philosophy to technology, our business plan
contemplates spending considerable resources and investment on the underlying infrastructure that supports our products, such as building
out and networking multiple points of presence (PoPs) and optimizing at a scale of billions of minutes of video consumption on our platform
every month to millions of users, which requires significant investments in IT equipment, servers, bandwidth and data centers and data
hosting/storage. We have made initial investments in= 2022 and, as our business continues to grow and scale, we expect such investments
to grow proportionately over time. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property includes trademarks, such as RUMBLE in the United States and Canada, pending international trademarks for
 RUMBLE , and a pending U.S. trademark application for LOCALS ; the domain names rumble.com and locals.com ;
copyrights in our source code, website, apps and creative assets; and trade secrets. In addition, our platforms are powered by a proprietary
technology platform. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination of work for hire, assignment, and confidentiality agreements
with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright,
and trade secret laws to protect our brands, proprietary technology, and other intellectual property rights. We intend to continue to
file additional applications with respect to our intellectual property rights. 

7 

Acquisitions 

In
October 2021, we bolstered our value proposition for content creators by acquiring Locals, a solution for (1) creators looking to monetize
their content through subscription, and (2) for users to gain access to premium content from their favorite content creators. The acquisition
was designed to accelerate our subscription revenue model and brought approximately 86,000 subscribers to our platform. Prior to our
acquisition of Locals, we did not offer a consumer-facing subscription service. 

Facilities 

We
are headquartered in Longboat Key, Florida, and maintain offices in both the United States and Canada. A number of our U.S. employees
work remotely. All of our facilities are leased. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. We intend
to procure additional space in the future as we continue to add employees and expand geographically. We also believe that, if we require
additional space, we will be able to lease additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

Terms
of Service 

Our
content policies, which are available at rumble.com/s/terms , contain politically neutral terms that ensure a safe and respectful
exchange of views on the Rumble platform. Among other things, they prohibit content that infringes on the rights of third parties, violates
any law, is pornographic or obscene in nature, promotes or supports violence or unlawful acts (including content that promotes or supports
Antifa, the KKK, white supremacist groups, and entities designated by the U.S. or Canadian government as terrorist organizations), or
exploits minor children (including disclosing personally identifiable information about minor children). 

In
June 2022, we announced the first phase of an updated content moderation process and released a new set of proposed content policies
and removal and appeals process, which are intended to formalize our current practices and procedures and ensure a consistent and transparent
process. The proposed policies include (i) automated flagging for copyright infringement and pornographic material, (ii) a manual ad
hoc review of other potentially contravening content and (iii) an appeals process by which a creator can appeal the removal of any of
its content to a panel of Rumble Quality Control Community Members, consisting of Rumble creators with a proven track record of consistent
and active content creation, who are in good standing within the Rumble community, and have a sufficient following on the platform, as
determined by Rumble. We have published our proposed content policies and removal and appeals process on our website and are continuing
to solicit feedback from our community of creators and other users. We have no obligation to implement any changes to these policies
and processes. We initially planned to implement changes in 2022 and now expect to implement any changes by the end of 2023. 

Our
website address is included in this report for informational purposes only. Our website and the information contained therein or connected
thereto are not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

All
periodic and current reports and other filings that we are required to file with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, are available free of charge from the SEC s website www.sec.gov ).
Such documents are available as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of the material with the SEC. Copies of these
reports (excluding exhibits) may also be obtained free of charge, upon written request to: Rumble Inc., 444 Gulf of Mexico Dr, Longboat
Key, Florida 34228. 

We
also post our Code of Ethics on our website. See Part III, Item 10 for more information regarding our Code of Ethics. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K and other public statements we make are described below. Investors in our securities should carefully consider
these risk factors, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements, together with all of the other information included in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. The occurrence
of one or more of the events or circumstances described in these risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances,
may adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, and may have an adverse effect on our
business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently
known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of
operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are included
in Part II of this Form 10-K. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

The
following summarizes risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of
operations. You should read this summary together with the detailed description of each risk factor contained in this section. Such risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 

weakened
 global economic conditions, including the effects of heightened inflation, may affect our
 business and operating results; 

our
 limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects; 

we
 may not continue to grow or maintain our active user base, and may not be able to achieve
 or maintain profitability; 

we
 may fail to maintain adequate operational and financial resources; 

we
 may be unsuccessful in attracting new users to our mobile and connected TV offerings; 

our
 traffic growth, engagement, and monetization depend upon effective operation within and compatibility
 with operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers and standards, including mobile operating
 systems, networks, and standards that we do not control; 

our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to our content and services on the internet. If we or those who engage with our content experience disruptions in internet service, or if internet service providers are able to block, degrade or charge for access to our content and services, we could incur additional expenses and the loss of traffic and advertisers; 

we
 face significant market competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively with our
 competitors for traffic and advertising spend, our business and operating results could be
 harmed; 

changes
 to our existing content and services could fail to attract traffic and advertisers or fail
 to generate revenue; 

we
 derive a material portion of our revenue from advertising and its relationships with a small
 number of key advertising networks and advertisers, the loss of which could materially harm
 our results of operations; 

we depend on third-party vendors, including internet service providers, advertising networks, and data centers, to provide core services; 

new
 technologies have been developed that are able to block certain online advertisements or
 impair our ability to serve advertising, which could harm our operating results; 

if
 our users do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not perceived
 as valuable to other users, we may experience a decline in user growth, retention, and engagement
 on Rumble, Locals or RAC, which could result in the loss of advertisers and revenue; 

9 

we
 have offered and intend to continue to offer incentives, including economic incentives, to
 content creators to join our platform, and these arrangements often involve fixed payment
 obligations that are not contingent on actual revenue or performance metrics generated by
 the applicable content creator but rather are typically based on our modeled financial projections
 for that creator, which if not satisfied may adversely impact our financial performance,
 results of operations and liquidity; 

we
 are subject to cybersecurity risks and interruptions or failures in our information technology
 systems and as we grow and gain recognition, we will likely need to expend additional resources
 to enhance our protection from such risks. Notwithstanding our efforts, a cyber incident
 could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or
 financial loss; 

spam activity, including inauthentic and fraudulent user activity, if undetected, may contribute, from time to time, to some amount of overstatement of our performance indicators; 

our
 management team has limited experience managing a public company; 

we
 collect, store, and process large amounts of user video content and personal information
 of our users and subscribers. If our security measures are breached, our sites and applications
 may be perceived as not being secure, traffic and advertisers may curtail or stop viewing
 our content or using our services, our business and operating results could be harmed, and
 we could face legal claims from users and subscribers; 

we
 may fail to comply with applicable privacy laws; 

we
 may be found to have infringed on the intellectual property of others, which could expose
 us to substantial losses or restrict our operations; 

we
 may face liability for hosting a variety of tortious or unlawful materials uploaded by third
 parties, notwithstanding the liability protections of Section 230; 

the
 incentives that we offer to certain content creators may lead to liability based on the actions
 of those creators; 

changes
 in tax rates, changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce, the adoption of
 new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities may
 adversely impact our financial results; 

compliance
 obligations imposed by new privacy laws, laws regulating social media platforms and online
 speech in the U.S. and Canada, or industry practices may adversely affect our business; 

we
 may face negative publicity for removing, or declining to remove, certain content, regardless
 of whether such content violated any law; 

our
 Chief Executive Officer CEO will have control over key decision making as
 a result of his control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; 

our
 CEO may be incentivized to focus on the short-term share price as a result of his interest
 in shares placed in escrow and subject to forfeiture pursuant to the terms of the Business
 Combination Agreement; 

we
 have incurred and will incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as
 a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 and results of operations; and 

substantial
 future sales of our Class A Common Stock by the selling holders named in our recent S-1 registration
 statement, including by holders subject to lock-up agreements after the expiration of those
 agreements, could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Weakened
global economic conditions, including the effects of heightened inflation, may affect our business and operating results. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns seemingly unrelated
to us or our industry may negatively affect us. The U.S. and other key international economies have been affected from time to time by
falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, reduced liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, weak economic
growth, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, inflation and overall uncertainty with respect to the
economy. Weak economic conditions or the perception thereof, or significant uncertainty regarding the stability of financial markets
related to stock market volatility, inflation, recession, changes in governmental fiscal, monetary and tax policies, among others, could
adversely impact our business and operating results. 

More
recently, inflation rates in the U.S. have been higher than in previous years, which may result in reduced consumer confidence and discretionary
spending, decreased demand by advertisers for our products and services, increases in our labor and other operating costs, constrained
credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets. The Federal Reserve has raised, and may again
raise, interest rates in response to concerns over inflation risk. Increases in interest rates on credit and debt that would increase
the cost of any borrowing that we may make from time to time and could impact our ability to access the capital markets. Increases in
interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further
increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to increase our revenues
at or above the rate at which our costs increase, which could negatively impact our operating margins and could have a material adverse
effect on our business and operating results. In such an environment, in which we also face significant competition from larger and well-capitalized
competitors, we may experience rising costs to secure the services of top content creators. We also may experience lower than expected
advertising sales and potential adverse impacts on our competitive position if there is a decrease in consumer spending. 

10 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. 

We
have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our businesses and prospects or forecast our future results. We
are subject to the same risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets. Our financial results
in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including: 

our
 ability to maintain and grow traffic, content uploads, and engagement; 

changes
 made to social media and other platforms, or changes in the patterns of use of those channels
 by users; 

our
 ability to attract and retain advertisers in a particular period; 

the
 number of ads shown to our traffic; 

the
 pricing of our advertising products; 

the
 diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond current advertising products; 

the
 development and introduction of new content, products, or services by us or our competitors; 

increases
 in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we may incur to grow and expand our
 operations and to remain competitive; 

our
 reliance on key vendor relationships, including our relationship with Cosmic Inc. and Kosmik
 Development Skopje doo Cosmic to provide content moderation and software
 development services, and dependence on a small number of customer relationships; 

legislation
 in Canada, the European Union, or other jurisdictions that forces us to change our content
 moderation policies and practices or make our platforms unavailable in those jurisdictions; 

our
 ability to maintain gross margins and operating margins; and 

system
 failures or breaches of security or privacy. 

We
may not continue to grow or maintain our active user base, may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and may not be able to
scale our systems, technology, or infrastructure effectively or grow our business at the same or similar rate as other comparable companies. 

While
our key performance metrics, including MAUs and minutes watched per month, have grown in recent periods, this growth rate may not be
sustainable and should not be considered indicative of future levels of active viewers and future performance. In addition, Rumble may
not realize sufficient revenue to achieve or, if achieved, maintain profitability. As we grow our business, our revenue growth rates
may slow or reverse in future periods due to several reasons, which may include slowing demand for our service, increasing competition,
a decrease in the growth of our overall market, an inability to scale our systems, technology or infrastructure effectively, and the
failure to capitalize on growth opportunities or the maturation of our business. We may incur losses in the future for several reasons,
including insufficient growth in the level of engagement, a failure to retain its existing level of engagement, increasing competition,
the failure to continue to attract content creators with large followings, the payment of fixed payment obligations to content creators
who join our platform that turn out to be unprofitable over the term of the applicable contract as a result of actual performance that
does not meet our original modeled financial projections for that creator, as well as other risks described in these Risk Factors , 
and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays and other unknown factors. We expect to continue to
make investments in the development and expansion of our business, which may not result in increased or sufficient revenue or growth,
including relative to other comparable companies, as a result of which we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 

If
we fail to maintain adequate operational and financial resources, particularly if we continue to grow rapidly, we may be unable to execute
our business plan or maintain high levels of service and customer satisfaction. 

We
have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, rapid growth, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands
on our management and our operational and financial resources. Our organizational structure is becoming more complex as we scale our
operational, financial, and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures, and expand internationally. As we continue
to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, training, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in our various offices
in multiple jurisdictions and navigating a complex multinational regulatory landscape. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth and
change in a manner that preserves the functionality of our platforms and solutions, the quality of our products and services may suffer,
which could negatively affect our brand and reputation and harm our ability to attract customers. 

11 

To
manage growth in our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to grow and improve our operational, financial, and management
controls and our reporting systems and procedures. We will require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management
resources to grow and change in these areas. Our expansion has placed, and our expected future growth will continue to place, a significant
drain on our management, customer experience, research and development, sales and marketing, administrative, financial, and other resources. 

We
anticipate that significant additional investments will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the
needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our products and services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with
our overall growth. If additional investments are required due to significant growth, this will increase our cost base, which will make
it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. 

Users
are increasingly using mobile devices and connected TV apps to access content within digital media and adjacent businesses, and if we
are unsuccessful in attracting new users to our mobile and connected TV offerings and expanding the capabilities of our content and other
offerings with respect to our mobile and connected TV platforms, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
future success depends in part on the continued growth in the use of our mobile apps and platforms by our users. The use of mobile technology
may not continue to grow at historical rates, users may not continue to use mobile technology to access digital media and adjacent businesses,
and monetization rates for content on mobile devices and connected TV apps may be lower than monetization rates on traditional desktop
platforms. Further, mobile devices may not be accepted as a viable long-term platform for several reasons, including actual or perceived
lack of security of information and possible disruptions of service or connectivity. In addition, traffic on our mobile platforms may
not continue to grow if we do not continue to innovate and introduce enhanced products on such platforms, or if users believe that our
competitors offer superior mobile products. The growth of traffic on our mobile products may also slow or decline if our mobile applications
are no longer compatible with operating systems such as iOS, Android, Windows or the devices they support. If use of our mobile platforms
does not continue to grow, our business and operating results could be harmed. 

Our
traffic growth, engagement, and monetization depend upon effective operation within and compatibility with operating systems, networks,
devices, web browsers and standards, including mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. 

We
make our content available across a variety of operating systems and through websites. We are dependent on the compatibility of our content
with popular devices, streaming tools, desktop and mobile operating systems, connected TV systems, web browsers that we do not control,
such as Mac OS, Windows, Android, iOS, Chrome and Firefox, and mobile application stores, such as Apple s App Store and the Google
Play Store. Any changes in such systems, devices or web browsers that degrade the functionality of our content or give preferential treatment
to competitive content could adversely affect usage of our content. 

12 

A
significant portion of our traffic accesses our content and services through mobile devices and, as a result, our ability to grow traffic,
engagement and advertising revenue is increasingly dependent on our ability to generate revenue from content viewed and engaged with
on mobile devices. A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile apps and connected TV apps, and we expect to continue to devote
significant resources to the creation and support of developing new and innovative mobile and connected TV products, services and apps.
We are dependent on the interoperability of our content and our apps with popular mobile operating systems, streaming tools, networks
and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems. We also depend on the availability of the Rumble
app on mobile app stores, such as Apple s App Store and the Google Play Store, and if our access to such stores is limited or terminated,
regardless of the legitimacy of the stated reasons, our ability to reach users through our mobile app will be negatively impacted. We
may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile and connected TV industries or in
developing content that operates effectively with these technologies, systems, tools, networks, or standards. Any changes in such systems,
or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset and connected TV manufacturers, or mobile carriers, or
in their terms of service or policies that reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute and monetize our content, impair access to our
content by blocking access through mobile devices, make it hard to readily discover, install, update or access our content and apps on
mobile devices and connected TVs, limit the effectiveness of advertisements, give preferential treatment to competitive, or their own,
content or apps, limit our ability to measure the effectiveness of branded content, or charge fees related to the distribution of our
content or apps could adversely affect the consumption and monetization of our content on mobile devices. Additionally, if the number
of platforms for which we develop our product expands, it will result in an increase in our operating expenses. In the event that it
is more difficult to access our content or use our apps and services, particularly on mobile devices and connected TVs, or if our users
choose not to access our content or use our apps on their mobile devices and connected TVs or choose to use mobile products or connected
TVs that do not offer access to our content or our apps, or if the preferences of our traffic require us to increase the number of platforms
on which our product is made available to our traffic, our traffic growth, engagement, ad targeting and monetization could be harmed
and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded
access to our content and services on the internet. If we or those who engage with our content experience disruptions in internet service,
or if internet service providers are able to block, degrade or charge for access to our content and services, we could incur additional
expenses and the loss of traffic and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of users to access
our content and services on the internet. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband
and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies and government-owned
service providers. Laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including changes to laws
or regulations impacting internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products or offerings, increase our operating costs, require
us to alter the manner in which we conduct our business and/or otherwise adversely affect our business. We could experience discriminatory
or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
For example, paid prioritization could enable internet service providers, or ISPs, to impose higher fees and otherwise adversely impact
our business. Internationally, government regulation concerning the internet, and in particular, network neutrality, may be developing
or may not exist at all. Within such an environment, without network neutrality regulations, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive
practices that could impede both our and our customers domestic and international growth, increase our costs or adversely affect
our business. 

13 

We
face significant market competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors for traffic and advertising spend,
our business and operating results could be harmed. 

Competition
for traffic and engagement with our content, products and services is intense. We compete against many companies to attract and engage
traffic, including companies that have greater financial resources and larger user bases, and companies that offer a variety of internet
and mobile device-based content, products and services. As a result, our competitors may acquire and engage traffic at the expense of
the growth or engagement of our traffic, which would negatively affect our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively
for traffic depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 

the
 popularity, usefulness and reliability of our content compared to that of our competitors; 

the
 timing and market acceptance of our content; 

the
 continued expansion and adoption of our content; 

our
 ability, and the ability of our competitors, to develop new content and enhancements to existing
 content; 

our
 ability, and the ability of our competitors, to attract, develop and retain influencers and
 creative talent; 

the
 frequency, relative prominence and appeal of the advertising displayed by us or our competitors; 

public
 perceptions about the predominance of certain political viewpoints on our platform, regardless
 of whether those perceptions are accurate; 

changes
 mandated by, or that we elect to make to address, legislation, regulatory constraints or
 litigation, including settlements and consent decrees, some of which may have a disproportionate
 impact on us; 

our
 ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees; 

the
 costs of developing and procuring new content, relative to those of our competitors; 

acquisitions
 or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; and 

our
 reputation and brand strength relative to our competitors. 

We
also face significant competition for advertiser spend. We compete against online and mobile businesses and traditional media outlets,
such as television, radio and print, for advertising budgets. In determining whether to buy advertising, our advertisers will consider
the demand for our content, demographics of our traffic, advertising rates, results observed by advertisers, and alternative advertising
options. The increasing number of digital media options available, through social networking tools and news aggregation websites, has
expanded consumer choice significantly, resulting in traffic fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. In addition, some
of our larger competitors have substantially broader content, product or service offerings and leverage their relationships based on
other products or services to gain additional share of advertising budgets. We will need to continue to innovate and improve the monetization
capabilities of our websites and our mobile products in order to remain competitive. We believe that our ability to compete effectively
for advertiser spend depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 

the
 size and composition of our user base relative to those of our competitors; 

our
 ad targeting capabilities, and those of our competitors; 

our
 ability, and the ability of our competitors, to adapt our respective models to the increasing
 power and significance of influencers to the advertising community; 

the
 timing and market acceptance of our advertising content and advertising products, and those
 of our competitors; 

our
 marketing and selling efforts, and those of our competitors; 

public
 perceptions about the predominance of certain political viewpoints on our platform, regardless
 of whether those perceptions are accurate; 

the
 pricing for our advertising products and services relative to those of our competitors; 

the
 return our advertisers receive from our advertising products and services, and those of our
 competitors; and 

our
 reputation and the strength of our brand relative to our competitors. 

14 

Changes
to our existing content and services could fail to attract traffic and advertisers or fail to generate revenue. 

We
may introduce significant changes to our existing content. The success of our new content depends substantially on consumer tastes and
preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. If this new content fails to engage traffic and advertisers, we may fail to generate
sufficient revenue or operating profit to justify our investments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
In addition, we have launched and expect to continue to launch strategic initiatives, which do not directly generate revenue but which
we believe will enhance our attractiveness to traffic and advertisers. In the future, we may invest in new content, products, services,
and initiatives to generate revenue, but there is no guarantee these approaches will be successful or that the costs associated with
these efforts will not exceed the revenue generated. If our strategic initiatives do not enhance our ability to monetize our existing
content or enable us to develop new approaches to monetization, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue or recover any associated
development costs and our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
derive a material portion of our revenue from advertisers and their relationships with a small number of key advertising networks and
other advertisers, the loss of which could materially harm our results of operations. 

A
material portion of our revenue is generated from a small number of advertisers. External advertising networks and other advertising
partners, including publishers that are a part of our advertising network and key sponsors of host-read advertisements, may not continue
to do business with us, or they may reduce the prices they are willing to pay to advertise with us, if we do not deliver ads in an effective
manner, or if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with Rumble will generate a competitive return relative to alternatives.
If our relationship with any third-party advertiser terminates for any reason, or if the commercial terms of our relationships are changed
or do not continue to be renewed on favorable terms, we would need to secure and integrate new advertising partners or expand the use
of our own advertising platform, which could negatively impact its revenues and profitability. 

We
depend on third-party vendors, including internet service providers and data centers, to provide core services. 

Although
we are building our own technical infrastructure, we depend on third-party vendors, including internet service providers and data centers
to, among other things, provide customer support, develop software, host videos uploaded by our users, transcode videos (compressing
a video file and converting it into a standard format optimized for streaming), stream videos to viewers, and process payments. These
vendors provide certain critical services to our technical infrastructure that are time-consuming and costly for us to develop independently.
Outages in those services would materially affect our video services and our ability to provide cloud services. Outages may expose us
to having to offer credits to subscribers, loss of subscribers, and reputational damage. We are unlikely to be able to fully offset these
losses with any credits we might receive from our vendors. 

Technologies
that enable blocking of certain online advertisements or impair our ability to serve advertising, which could harm our operating results. 

Newly
developed technologies could block or obscure the display of or targeting of our content. For example, in June 2020, Apple announced
plans to require applications using its mobile operating systems to obtain an end-user s permission to track them or access their
device s advertising identifier for advertising and advertising measurement purposes, as well as other restrictions that could
adversely affect our ability to serve advertising, which could harm our operating results. Additionally, some providers of consumer mobile
devices and web browsers have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make it easier for internet users to prevent the
placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, which could, if widely adopted, result in the use of third-party cookies
and other methods of online tracking becoming significantly less effective and have a significant impact on our ability to monetize our
user base. 

15 

Our
future business activities in the cloud services space may revolve around a small number of key third-party service providers and a small
number of customer relationships, the disruption of which could harm our operating results. 

In
order to build our cloud services offerings, we have entered into agreements with certain third-party service providers. The success
of our future business activities in the cloud services space may depend upon such existing third-party providers, some of whom may compete
with us in other lines of business. If our existing third-party service agreements terminate for any reason, or if the commercial terms
of such agreements are changed or do not continue to be renewed on favorable terms, we would need to enter into new third-party service
agreements, which could negatively impact our revenues, ability to attract future cloud services customers, public reputation, and profitability. 

In
addition, our initial cloud service offerings revolve around a small number of customer relationships, including our relationship with
the Trump Media Technology Group. If we fail to deliver our product to the desired specifications of these initial customers, or
if these initial customers terminate their cloud services agreements for any reason, future customers may doubt our ability to offer
cloud services, which would negatively impact our revenues, public reputation, and profitability. 

The
loss of key personnel, or failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to attract and retain our senior officers and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in
the future. The loss of services of members of our senior management team and the uncertain transition of new members of our senior management
team may strain our ability to execute our strategic initiatives, or make it more difficult to retain customers, attract or maintain
our capital support, or meet other needs of our business. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain qualified personnel, and
we may lose new employees to our competitors before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting them. If we fail to attract
new personnel or if we suffer increases in costs or business operations interruptions as a result of a labor dispute, or fail to retain
and motivate our current personnel, we might not be able to operate our business effectively or efficiently, serve our customers properly
or maintain the quality of our content and services. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees. 

If
our users do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not perceived as valuable to other users, we may experience
a decline in user growth, retention, and engagement on Rumble, Locals or RAC, which could result in the loss of advertisers and revenue. 

Our
success depends on our ability to provide Rumble users with engaging content, which in part depends on the content contributed by our
users. If users, including influential users, do not continue to contribute engaging content to Rumble, our user growth, retention, and
engagement may decline. That, in turn, may impair our ability to maintain good relationships with our advertisers or to attract new advertisers,
which may seriously harm our business and operating results. 

The
loss of a material portion of our existing content creators, or our failure to recruit new providers, may materially harm our business
and results of operations. 

We
rely on our existing content creators, and on the recruiting of new content creators. The loss of a material portion of our existing
content creators could result in material harm to our business and results of operations. In the recent past, our ability to recruit
and maintain content creators may have been in part due to trends in American politics, where certain commentators have sought a neutral
internet platform. A change in such trends, including possible changes to competing platforms moderation policies that make those
platforms more hospitable to a diverse range of viewpoints, could result in the loss of existing content creators or a failure to recruit
new providers, which may materially harm our business and results of operations. Additionally, as we expand into international markets,
we may fail to recruit new content creators in those markets, limiting our appeal to international audiences. 

16 

We
have offered and intend to continue to offer incentives, including economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform, and
these arrangements often involve fixed payment obligations that are not contingent on actual revenue or performance metrics generated
by the applicable content creator but rather are typically based on our modeled financial projections for that creator, which if not
satisfied may adversely impact our financial performance, results of operations and liquidity. 

Our
user base and user engagement growth are directly driven by the content available on our platform. We recently on-boarded several top
content creators onto our platform which has enabled our significant consumption growth. Our goal is to attract even more top creators
to our platform, further accelerating our platform s growth, and we have offered and intend to continue to offer incentives, including
economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform. These incentives have included and may continue to include equity grants
or cash payments, including arrangements under which we may agree to pay fixed compensation to a content creator (in certain cases, for
multiple years) irrespective of whether the actual revenue or user growth generated by the applicable content creator on our platform
meets our original modeled financial projections for that creator. To the extent our revenue and/or user growth assumptions associated
with any such creator does not meet our expectations, our financial performance, results of operations and liquidity may be negative
impacted, since the failure to achieve these expectations is not expected to reduce our fixed payment obligations to any such creator. 

Our
recent and rapid growth may not be indicative of future performance. 

The
growth we experienced between late 2020 and 2022 may be partly or largely attributable to increased demand for online video due to social
distancing undertaken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and interest in news and politics during the U.S. election cycles in 2020
and 2022. If, when the COVID-19 pandemic ends or if there is less interest in news and politics during future election cycles, then the
growth rates that we achieved between late 2020 and early 2022 may not be indicative of growth rates in future periods. 

We
have made, and may in the future make, acquisitions, and such acquisitions could disrupt our operations, and may have an adverse effect
on our operating results. 

In
order to expand our business, we have made acquisitions and may continue making similar acquisitions and possibly larger acquisitions
as part of our growth strategy. The success of our future growth strategy will depend on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete
and integrate acquisitions and, if necessary, to obtain satisfactory debt or equity financing to fund those acquisitions. Acquisitions
are inherently risky, and any acquisitions we complete may not be successful. Our past acquisitions and any mergers and acquisitions
that we may undertake in the future involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 

difficulties
 in integrating and managing the operations, personnel, systems, technologies, and products
 of the companies we acquire; 

diversion
 of our management s attention from normal daily operations of our business; 

our
 inability to maintain the key business relationships and the reputations of the acquired
 businesses; 

uncertainty
 of entry into markets in which we have limited or no prior experience; 

costs
 related to acquired operations and continuing support and development of acquired products; 

businesses
 that we acquire may have greater-than-expected liabilities for which we become responsible; 

potential
 impairment of goodwill and intangible assets related to the acquired businesses; 

adverse
 tax consequences associated with acquisitions; 

changes
 accounting for our acquisitions under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 U.S. GAAP ), including arrangements that we assume from an acquisition; 

potential
 negative perceptions of our acquisitions by customers, financial markets or investors; 

failure
 to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under antitrust laws on a timely
 basis, if at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a
 transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected goals of an acquisition; 

potential
 loss of key employees of the companies we acquire; 

potential
 security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks
 or delay our ability to integrate the product into our service offerings; 

difficulties
 in applying security standards for acquired technology consistent with our other services; 

ineffective
 or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; 

inadequate
 protection of acquired intellectual property rights; and 

potential
 failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all. 

17 

Additionally,
acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for cash may reduce our cash reserves or require us to incur additional debt
under our credit agreements or otherwise. We may seek to obtain additional cash to fund an acquisition by selling equity or debt securities.
We may be unable to secure the equity or debt funding necessary to finance future acquisitions on terms that are acceptable to us. If
we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders will experience ownership dilution.
The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
or cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or substantially concurrent acquisitions. 

We
are subject to cybersecurity risks and interruptions or failures in our information technology systems. Notwithstanding our efforts,
a cyber incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
rely on sophisticated information technology systems and infrastructure to support our business. At the same time, cyber incidents, including
deliberate attacks, are prevalent and have increased, including due to the possibility that the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine
could result in increased cyber-attacks or cybersecurity incidents by state actors or others. Our technologies, systems and networks
and those of our vendors, suppliers and other business partners may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches
that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information,
or other disruption of business operations. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance or vulnerabilities in widely used
open source software, may remain undetected for an extended period. Our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be
sufficient. Like most major social media platforms, Rumble is routinely targeted by cyberattacks that can result in interruptions to
our services. We have observed an increase in such attacks as our reach expands and we expects these attacks to continue in the future.
As the sophistication of cyber incidents continues to evolve, we are and will likely continue to be required to expend additional resources
to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. Additionally,
any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, usage errors by employees,
computer viruses, cyber-attacks or other security breaches or similar events. The failure of any of our information technology systems
may cause disruptions in our operations, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and lead to claims related to the
disruption of our services from users of the Rumble platform, advertisers, and customers of our cloud services. 

Spam activity, including inauthentic and fraudulent
user activity, if undetected, may contribute, from time to time, to some amount of overstatement of our performance indicators. 

Like other major social media platforms, spam activity, including inauthentic
and fraudulent user activity, if undetected, may contribute, from time to time, to some amount of overstatement of our performance indicators,
including reporting of MAUs by our third-party analytics provider. We also use paid advertising in order to attract users to our platform;
however, we cannot be certain that all or substantially all activity that results from such advertising is genuine. Real or perceived
inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. We continually seek to improve our ability to
estimate the total number of spam-generated users and eliminate them from the calculation of our MAUs; however, we will not succeed in
identifying and removing all spam. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company, which exposes us to additional risks, including the risk that we cannot
enhance, maintain, and adhere to our internal controls and procedures. 

Some
members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors,
and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage our transition to being a public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the
federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will
require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of
our business, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

18 

Additionally,
as a public company, we are subject to significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. The process of
designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in
our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls
that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company, and we are still in the process of generating a mature system
of internal controls and integration across business systems. Inability to establish or maintain appropriate internal financial reporting
controls and procedures may result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and failure to meet our reporting
obligations on a timely basis, causing harm to our operating results. 

Matters
impacting our internal controls may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us
to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC or violations of applicable stock exchange listing rules, which may
result in a breach of the covenants under existing or future financing arrangements. There also could be a negative reaction in the financial
markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of
our financial statements also could suffer if we or our independent registered public accounting firm continue to report a material weakness
in our internal controls over financial reporting. This could materially adversely affect us and lead to a decline in the market price
of our securities. 

Risks
Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment in Which We Operate 

We
collect, store, and process large amounts of user video content and personal information of our users and subscribers. If our security
measures are breached, our sites and applications may be perceived as not being secure, traffic and advertisers may curtail or stop viewing
our content or using our services, our business and operating results could be harmed, and we could face legal claims from users and
subscribers. 

We
collect, store, and process large amounts of video content (including videos that are not intended for public consumption) and personal
information of its users and subscribers. We also share such information, where appropriate, with third parties that help us operate
our business. Despite our efforts, we may fail to properly secure our systems and our user and subscriber data. This could be caused
by technical issues (bugs), obsolete technology, human error or internal or external malfeasance, undiscovered vulnerabilities, and could
lead to unauthorized disclosure of data, unauthorized changes or data losses. For example, we routinely receive reports from security
researchers regarding potential vulnerabilities in our applications. We also rely on open-source software for various functions, which
may contain undiscovered security flaws and create additional technical vulnerabilities. In addition, despite our ongoing and additional
investments in cybersecurity, such improvements and review may not identify abuses of our platforms and misuse of user data. The existence
of such vulnerabilities, if undetected or detected but not remediated, could result in unauthorized access to our systems or the data
of our users. 

A
data breach could expose Rumble to regulatory actions and litigation. Depending on the circumstances, Rumble may be required to disclose
a suspected breach to regulators, affected individuals, and the public. This could lead to regulatory actions, including the possibility
of fines, class action or traditional litigation by affected individuals, reputational harm, costly investigation and remedial efforts,
the triggering of indemnification obligations under data-protection agreements with subscribers, vendors, and partners, higher premiums
for cybersecurity insurance and other insurance policies, and the inability to obtain cybersecurity insurance or other forms of insurance.
We do not presently have cybersecurity insurance to compensate for any losses that may result from any breach of security, and given
industry trends generally, we expect that any such cybersecurity insurance coverage will be difficult to obtain in the future. As a result,
our results of operations or financial condition may be materially adversely affected if we are unable to secure cybersecurity coverage. 

19 

We
may fail to comply with applicable privacy laws. 

We
are subject to data privacy and security laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage, use, processing, destruction,
retention and security of personal information, including additional laws or regulations relating to health information. Our current
privacy policies and practices, which are publicly available at rumble.com/s/privacy , are designed to comply with privacy
and data protection laws in the United States and Canada. These policies and practices inform users how Rumble handles their personal
information and, as permitted by law, allow users to change or delete the personal information in their user accounts. The legislative
and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, and these laws may at times
be conflicting. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices, and
our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. We must devote significant resources to understanding
and complying with this changing landscape. Failure to comply with federal, state, provincial and international laws regarding privacy
and security of personal information could expose us to penalties under such laws, orders requiring that we change our practices, claims
for damages or other liabilities, regulatory investigations and enforcement action (including fines and criminal prosecution of employees),
litigation, significant costs for remediation, and damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Even if we have not violated these laws, government
investigations and private lawsuits into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative
publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally,
if we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of personal information, including protected health information, we could
be found to have breached our contracts with certain third parties. 

There
are numerous U.S. and Canadian federal, state, and provincial laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information.
Determining whether protected information has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations
can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation. If we fail to comply with applicable privacy laws, we could face civil
and criminal penalties. Failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure can also constitute unfair
acts or practices in or affecting commerce and be construed as a violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTCA ),
15 U.S.C. 45(a). The Federal Trade Commission the FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable
and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and
the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. In addition, state attorneys general are authorized to bring
civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. We cannot
be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement
activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and
state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. 

Internationally,
laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, transmission, storage, use, processing, destruction,
retention and security of personal information. For example, in the European Union, the collection, transmission, storage, use, processing,
destruction, retention and security of personal data is governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in addition to other applicable laws and regulations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the
European Union Member States governing the collection, transmission, storage, use, processing, destruction, retention and security of
personal data, impose strict obligations with respect to, and restrictions on, the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure,
transfer and processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the
European Union that are not deemed to have protections for personal information, including the United States. The GDPR authorizes fines
for certain violations of up to 4 of the total global annual turnover of the preceding financial year or 20 million, whichever
is greater. Such fines are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data subjects. Separately, Brexit has led and could also lead
to legislative and regulatory changes and may increase our compliance costs and expose us to two parallel regulatory regimes, each of
which authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. Other jurisdictions outside
the European Union are similarly introducing or enhancing privacy and data security laws, rules and regulations, which could increase
our compliance costs and the risks associated with noncompliance. We cannot guarantee that we are, or will be, in compliance with all
applicable U.S., Canadian, or other international regulations as they are enforced now or as they evolve. 

20 

We
operate across many domestic and international markets which may subject us to cybersecurity, privacy, data security, data protection,
and online content laws with uncertain interpretations. 

International
laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity, privacy, data security, data protection, and online content often are more restrictive
than those in the United States. There is no harmonized approach to these laws and regulations globally. Consequently, as we expand internationally
from Canada and the United States, we increase our risk of non-compliance with applicable foreign data protection and online content
laws, including laws that expose us to civil or criminal penalties in certain jurisdictions for our content moderation decisions. We
may need to change and limit the way we use personal information in operating our business and may have difficulty maintaining a single
operating model that is compliant. In addition, various federal, state, provincial, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies, or
self-regulatory organizations may expand current laws or regulations, enact new laws or regulations or issue revised rules or guidance
regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data security, data protection and online content. Aspects of such laws can be unclear, resulting in
further uncertainty and potentially requiring us to modify our data practices and policies and to incur substantial additional costs
and expenses in an effort to comply. In addition, such laws may have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance
challenging. 

Inadequate
technical and legal intellectual property protections could prevent us from defending or securing our proprietary technology and intellectual
property. 

Our
success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary information and technology. We may be unsuccessful in adequately protecting
our intellectual property. No assurance can be given that confidentiality, non-disclosure, or invention assignment agreements with employees,
consultants, or other parties will not be breached and will otherwise be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our platform
or solutions, or certain aspects of our platform or solutions, and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent
our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our platform or solutions.
Additionally, certain unauthorized use of our intellectual property may go undetected, or we may face legal or practical barriers to
enforcing our legal rights even where unauthorized use is detected. 

Current
law may not provide for adequate protection of our platform or data. In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability,
and scope of protection of proprietary rights in internet-related businesses are uncertain and evolving, and changes in these standards
may adversely impact the viability or value of our proprietary rights. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying,
transfer, and disclosure of our platform, or certain aspects of our platform, or our data may be unenforceable under the laws of certain
jurisdictions. Further, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States,
and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate. To the extent we expand our
international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our data or certain aspects of our platform, or our data may
increase. Competitors, foreign governments, foreign government-backed actors, criminals, or other third parties may gain unauthorized
access to our proprietary information and technology. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from
infringing upon or misappropriating our technology and intellectual property. 

To
protect our intellectual property rights, we will be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights, and
we may or may not be able to detect infringement by our customers or third parties. Litigation has been and may be necessary in the future
to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming, and distracting
to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce
our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability
of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well
as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation
of our platform or solutions, impair the functionality of our platform or solutions, delay introductions of new features, integrations,
and capabilities, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform or solutions, or injure our reputation.
In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new features, integrations,
and capabilities, and we cannot be certain that we could license that technology on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and our
inability to license this technology could harm our ability to compete. 

21 

We
may be found to have infringed on the intellectual property of others, which could expose us to substantial losses or restrict our operations. 

We
expect to be subject to legal claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. To date, we have not fully evaluated
the extent to which other parties may bring claims that our technology, including our use of open source software, infringes on the intellectual
property rights of others. The availability of damages and royalties and the potential for injunctive relief have increased the costs
associated with litigating and settling patent infringement claims. Any claims, whether or not meritorious, could require us to spend
significant time, money, and other resources in litigation, pay damages and royalties, develop new intellectual property, modify, design
around, or discontinue existing products, services, or features, or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject
of the infringement claims. These licenses, if required, may not be available at all or have acceptable terms. As a result, intellectual
property claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and
cash flows. 

We
may face liability for hosting content that allegedly infringes on third-party copyright laws. 

If
content providers do not have sufficient rights to the video content or other material that they upload or make available to Rumble,
or if such video content or other material infringes or is alleged to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, we
could be subject to claims from those third parties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Although our content policies prohibit users from submitting infringing content to Rumble, and require users to indemnify Rumble for
claims related to the violations of the rights of third parties arising from the submission of content to Rumble (including with respect
to infringements of intellectual property rights), we do not verify that content providers own or have rights to all of the video content
or other material that they upload or make available. As a result, we may face potential liability for copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, or other claims. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. We can provide no assurance that it is adequately insured to cover claims related to user
content or that its indemnification provisions will be adequate to mitigate all liability that may be imposed on us as a result of claims
related to user content. 

We
may face liability for hosting a variety of tortious or unlawful materials uploaded by third parties, notwithstanding the liability protections
of Section 230. 

In
the United States, Section 230 generally limits our liability for hosting tortious and otherwise illegal content. The immunities conferred
by Section 230 could be narrowed or eliminated through amendment, regulatory action or judicial interpretation. In 2018, Congress amended
Section 230 to remove immunities for content that promotes or facilitates sex trafficking and prostitution. In 2020, various members
of Congress introduced bills to further limit Section 230, and a petition was filed by a Department of Commerce entity with the Federal
Communications Commission to commence a rulemaking to further limit Section 230. Additionally, current litigation before the U.S. Supreme
Court may limit or alter the protections offered by Section 230. 

Laws
like Section 230 generally do not exist outside of the United States, and some countries have enacted laws that require online content
providers to remove certain pieces of content within short time frames. If we fail to comply with such laws, we could be subject to prosecution
or regulatory proceedings. In addition, some countries may decide to ban our service based upon a single piece of content. 

We
may also face liability when we remove content and accounts that we believe are violating our terms of service. While Rumble believes
that Section 230 allows us to restrict or remove certain categories of content, our protections may not always end a lawsuit at an early
stage, potentially resulting in costly and time-consuming litigation. 

22 

The
incentives that we offer to certain content creators may lead to liability based on the actions of those creators . 

Our
goal is to attract even more top creators to our platform, further accelerating our platform s growth, and we have offered and
intend to continue to offer incentives, including economic incentives, to content creators to join our platform, even while the content
creators maintain sole editorial control over the content they produce. These incentives have included and may continue to include equity
grants or cash payments, including arrangements under which we may agree to pay fixed compensation to a content creator (in certain cases,
for multiple years) irrespective of whether the actual revenue or user growth generated by the applicable content creator on our platform
meets our original modeled financial projections for that creator. 

While
we believe that the incentives we offer to certain content creators do not alter our liability protections under Section 230, it is possible
that future judicial interpretations of the statute will lead to liability for tortious or unlawful materials uploaded to Rumble by those
content creators. 

In
addition, as part of the incentives we offer to certain content creators, Rumble has the right to sell host-read advertisements. As part
of these advertisements, the content creator offers a paid endorsement of various products or services. Although we follow FTC guidelines
regarding endorsements and require our creators to do the same, we could face liability if creators fail to follow those guidelines or
otherwise engage in misleading or deceptive advertising. 

User-generated
content could affect the quality of our services and deter current or potential users from using our platforms, and we may face negative
publicity for removing, or declining to remove, certain content, regardless of whether such content violated any law. 

Individuals
and groups may upload controversial content to our platform. Removing or failing to remove such content may result in negative publicity,
which could harm our efforts to attract and retain users and subscribers. We have also faced criticism from users and subscribers for
removing content and terminating accounts in compliance with the DMCA. Further, we must continually manage and monitor our content and
detect content that violates our terms of service. This content moderation service is provided by Cosmic, a key vendor, and we would
experience a significant disruption if Cosmic were no longer able or willing to offer us that service. If a significant amount of content
that violates its terms of service were not detected and removed by us in a timely manner, or if a significant amount of information
was perceived by users or the media to violate our terms of service, whether or not such perceptions were accurate, our brand, business
and reputation could be harmed. This risk increases as the volume of content uploaded by users to Rumble continues to grow. In June 2022,
we announced the first phase of an updated content moderation process and released a new set of proposed content policies and removal
and appeals process. While we do not currently have a formalized removal and appeals process, the proposed policies are intended to reflect
our current practices and procedures and ensure a consistent and transparent process. Because the proposed policies are intended to formalize
our informal practices to date, we do not anticipate that these changes (which were initially expected to be implemented by the end of
2022 and are now expected to be implemented by the end of 2023) will have a material impact on our operations, although we may need to
hire personnel and incur additional costs to fully implement the final policies and procedures once adopted and there can be no assurance
that the implementation of such policies and procedures will be effective or will be viewed favorably by our content creators and other
users. In the event our content creators and other users do not agree with such policies and procedures or their implementation, such
creators and other users could decrease their usage of Rumble (or cease using Rumble entirely), which could have a material adverse effect
on our business or our results of operations. Additionally, there is a risk that users will upload content that predominantly represents
certain political viewpoints, leading to public perceptions that Rumble endorses those viewpoints, regardless of whether or not such
perceptions are accurate. There can be no guarantee that current or future negative publicity, complaints, allegations, political controversies,
investigations or legal proceedings with respect to our content, even if baseless, will not generate adverse publicity that could damage
our reputation. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to attract and retain users and subscribers. 

23 

Changes
in tax rates, changes in tax treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation,
or exposure to additional tax liabilities may adversely impact our financial results. 

We
are subject to taxes in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes is based on a jurisdictional mix of earnings, statutory
tax rates and enacted tax rules, including transfer pricing. There may also be tax costs associated with distributions between our subsidiaries.
Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. As a result, our future
effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. These changes may adversely impact
our effective tax rate and harm our financial position and results of operations. 

We
regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from examinations by the Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and
foreign tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our income tax and other tax reserves. If our reserves are not sufficient to cover
these contingencies, such inadequacy could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results,
and cash flows. In addition, due to the global nature of the internet, various states or foreign countries may attempt to impose additional
or new regulation on our business or levy additional or new taxes relating to our activities. Tax authorities at the international, federal,
state and local levels are currently reviewing the appropriate treatment of companies engaged in e-commerce. New or revised tax regulations
or court decisions may subject us or our customers to additional sales, income and other taxes. Any of these events could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We
are currently under or subject to examination for indirect taxes in various states, municipalities and foreign jurisdictions. Management
currently believes we have adequate reserves established for these matters. If a material indirect tax liability associated with prior
periods were to be recorded, for which there is not a reserve, it could materially affect our financial results for the period in which
it is recorded. 

Compliance
obligations imposed by new privacy laws, laws regulating social media platforms and online speech in the U.S. and Canada, or industry
practices may adversely affect our business. 

New
laws could restrict our ability to conduct marketing by, for example, restricting the emailing or targeting users or use certain technologies
like artificial intelligence. Similarly, private-market participants may deploy technologies or require certain practices that limit
our ability to obtain or use certain information about our users and subscribers. For example, Google has indicated that it will ultimately
phase out the use of cookies to track users of its search services in future versions of its Chrome web browser, and Apple has updated
its iOS mobile operating system to require app developers to obtain opt-in consent before tracking users of its various services. If
these types of changes are implemented, our ability to determine how our users and subscribers use our video services and ability to
use targeted advertising in a cost-effective manner may be limited. New laws in Canada, including the bill C-11 under consideration in
the Canadian Parliament, and laws under consideration in the European Union, and other jurisdictions may also require us to change our
content moderation practices, or privacy policies in ways that harm our business or create the risk of fines or other penalties for non-compliance. 

24 

We
are involved in litigation that is unpredictable and may have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

We
are, and from time to time may become, involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business activities,
such as copyright infringement and tort claims arising from user-uploaded content, patent infringement claims, breach of contract claims,
putative class actions based upon consumer protection or privacy laws and other matters. We cannot predict the outcome of any lawsuit,
claim, investigation or proceeding with certainty, or whether any such matter will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. We refer to the disclosure in Item 3. Legal Proceedings for a
description of recent and ongoing litigation, which disclosure is incorporated herein by reference. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and
it has taken advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies; this could make Rumble s
securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare Rumble s performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act and have taken advantage of
certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Further, the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from the requirement to comply with new
or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the same standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which may make comparison of our financial statements with
another public company difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards. 

As
a result of our emerging growth company status and our reliance on certain reporting exemptions, our stockholders may not have access
to certain information they may deem important, and investors may find our securities less attractive. This could result in a less active
trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

25 

Our Charter authorizes our Board of Directors (the Board to issue preferred stock, which may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or a takeover attempt. 

The provision of our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Charter that authorizes our Board to issue preferred stock from time to time based on terms approved
by the Board may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that stockholders might consider to be in their best interest. 

Our Charter contains forum limitations for certain disputes between
us and our stockholders that could limit the ability of stockholders to bring claims against us or our directors, officers and employees. 

Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Court of Chancery is the sole and
exclusive forum for (i) any derivative lawsuit brought on our behalf, (ii) any lawsuit against our current or former directors, officers,
employees or stockholders asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any such person to us or our stockholders, (iii) any lawsuit
asserting a claim arising under any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Charter or bylaws (each, as in effect from
time to time), or (iv) any lawsuit governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. These provisions do not apply to
claims arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent
federal and state jurisdiction. Our Charter also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the federal district courts of the United States are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause
of action arising under the Securities Act. 

Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions
benefit our company by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of
lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that the stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or stockholders, which may discourage
lawsuits with respect to such claims. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our Charter to
be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our CEO has control over key decision making as a result of his
control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. 

As the beneficial owner of all of the Class D Common
Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Rumble (the Class D Common Stock ), Chris Pavlovski, the CEO of Rumble, will initially
be able to exercise voting rights with respect to 85 of the voting power of Rumble s outstanding capital stock. For so long as
Mr. Pavlovski continues to beneficially own at least approximately 8.47 million of the issued and outstanding shares of Class D Common
Stock (assuming, for this purpose, that the number of outstanding shares of all classes of capital stock of Rumble continues to equal
the same number of shares outstanding as of the closing of the Business Combination), Mr. Pavlovski will continue to control the outcome
of matters submitted to stockholders of Rumble for approval. Such number represents approximately 8.0 of the shares of Class D Common
Stock that Mr. Pavlovski owns. This concentrated control will limit or preclude our public stockholders ability to influence corporate
matters for the foreseeable future. Further, the Charter will not include a sunset provision for the high vote feature of the Class D
Common Stock, meaning this feature will persist indefinitely (unless amended or until all of the shares of Class D Common Stock have been
redeemed by Rumble in connection with future transfers (other than permitted transfers of shares of Class A Common Stock
or ExchangeCo Shares by Mr. Pavlovski). As a result, Mr. Pavlovski may control or effectively control the voting of Rumble, even if he
holds only a small economic interest. Consequently, in the event Mr. Pavlovski liquidates a significant portion of his economic interest
in Rumble, Mr. Pavlovski may no longer be incentivized (or incentivized to the same extent) to exercise his voting control, including
in connection with the types of decisions further described below, in a manner that will maximize the economic value of Rumble. 

26 

Because of the voting ratio between the Class D
Common Stock on the one hand, and the Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share of Rumble (the Class
C Common Stock ), on the other hand, Mr. Pavlovski has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to Rumble s
stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments to Rumble s organizational documents, and any merger,
consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of Rumble s assets. The Charter provides that Rumble may not issue any shares
of Class D Common Stock, so all of the Class D Common Stock are held by Mr. Pavlovski and/or his transferees. In this regard, no shares
of Class D Common Stock may be transferred by Mr. Pavlovski unless the transfer is made to a qualified transferee as described in the
Charter (a Qualified Class D Transferee ). As a result, only Mr. Pavlovski has the right to vote and control the Class D
Common Stock, meaning that Mr. Pavlovski is not entitled to transfer voting control of the Company to another person or entity not controlled
by Mr. Pavlovski through the transfer of Class D Common Stock. 

This concentrated control could delay, defer, or
prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of Rumble s assets that Rumble s other
stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction that Rumble s
other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring Rumble s
publicly traded Class A Common Stock, which will have limited voting power relative to the Class D Common Stock that is held by Mr. Pavlovski,
and might harm the trading price of Rumble s Class A Common Stock. In addition, Mr. Pavlovski has the ability to control the management
and major strategic investments of Rumble as a result of his position as Rumble s CEO and his ability to control the election of
Rumble s directors. As a board member and officer, Mr. Pavlovski owes a fiduciary duty to Rumble s stockholders and must act
in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of Rumble s stockholders. As a stockholder, even a
controlling stockholder, Mr. Pavlovski is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of
Rumble s stockholders generally. 

Our CEO may be incentivized to focus on the short-term share
price as a result of his interest in shares placed in escrow and subject to forfeiture pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination
Agreement. 

Mr. Pavlovski, the CEO and controlling shareholder
of Rumble, holds shares placed in escrow and subject to forfeiture pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. Such shares
will vest in the event certain share price thresholds are satisfied, but if such price thresholds are not satisfied in the applicable
time periods, such shares will be forfeited and cancelled. Accordingly, Mr. Pavlovski may be incentivized to focus on short-term results
which may have a positive effect on Rumble s share price at the expense of the long-term success of the Company. 

Substantial future sales of our Class A Common Stock by the selling
holders named in our recent S-1 registration statement could cause the market price of our Class A Common Stock to decline. 

On October 19, 2022, we filed a registration statement
on Form S-1 (as amended, the Registration Statement with the SEC to register the issuance by us of shares of Class A Common
Stock underlying warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock Warrants as well as the resale from
time to time by the selling holders named therein (the Selling Holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Warrants,
as further described in the Registration Statement. The securities registered pursuant to the Registration Statement represent approximately
90.9 of our total shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis (inclusive of all shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon exchange of ExchangeCo Shares, and which also includes shares of Class A Common Stock and ExchangeCo Shares placed in escrow
pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement). Certain Selling Holders, including Rumble Chairman and CEO Chris Pavlovski
and other Company insiders, are subject to contractual lock-up restrictions that prohibit them from selling stock at this time. The shares
of Class A Common Stock held by another of the Selling Holders, CFAC Holdings VI, LLC (the Sponsor (other than the 1,500,000
shares of Class A Common Stock constituting the Forward Purchase Shares and the 1,159,000 shares of Class A Common Stock that were acquired
by the Sponsor in the PIPE investment), are also subject to contractual lock-up restrictions. These lock-up restrictions will continue
to apply until the earlier of: (i) the one (1) year anniversary of the closing date of the Business Combination, which is September 16,
2023, (ii) the date on which the last reported sale price of Rumble s Class A Common Stock exceeds 15.00 per share (adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading-day period
commencing at least 150 days after the closing of the Business Combination, and (iii) the date on which Rumble consummates a liquidation,
merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after the closing of the Business Combination which results
in all of Rumble s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property
(the foregoing restrictions, collectively, the 12-Month Lock-Up ). An aggregate of 306,516,552 shares of Class A Common Stock
held by the former Legacy Rumble shareholders who are Selling Holders under the Registration Statement (on an as-converted basis, i.e.,
inclusive of all shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exchange of ExchangeCo Shares, and which also includes shares of Class A
Common Stock and ExchangeCo Shares placed in escrow pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement) are subject to the 12-Month
Lock-Up. An aggregate of 9,105,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held by the Sponsor (which assumes that all of the Warrants owned by
the Sponsor are exercised for shares of Class A Common Stock) are subject to the 12-Month Lock-Up. 

27 

For Selling Holders who are not subject to contractual
lock-up restrictions, once the Registration Statement is effective and until such time that it is no longer effective, the resale of these
securities will be permitted pursuant to the Registration Statement. The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number
of our shares of Class A Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our Class A Common Stock and make
it more difficult for our public stockholders to sell their shares of Class A Common Stock at such times and at such prices that they
deem desirable. Furthermore, we expect that because there will be a large number of securities registered pursuant to the Registration
Statement, Selling Holders will continue to offer the securities covered by the Registration Statement for a significant period of time,
the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant
to the Registration Statement may continue for an extended period of time. 

Our stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common
stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock
market in general, and the market for technology companies, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many broad market and industry factors.
These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
In addition, the market price for our common stock may be subject to price movements that may not comport with macro, industry or company-specific
fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and
other social media sites and online forums), the direct access by retail investors to broadly available trading platforms, the amount
and status of short interest in our securities, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock and
any related hedging and other trading factors. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation
has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention
and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

We have and will continue to incur significant expenses and administrative
burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face significant increases in insurance, legal,
compliance, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that we did not incur as a private company. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and the securities exchanges, impose additional
reporting and other obligations on public companies. 

Compliance with public company requirements has
and will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. Several of those requirements require us to carry out activities
that we have not done previously. In addition, we incurred and will continue to incur additional expenses associated with SEC reporting
requirements. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified, we could incur additional costs to rectify
those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. Furthermore, if we
are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, our securities could be subject to delisting, and we could face fines, sanctions
and other regulatory actions and potentially civil litigation. 

28 

The additional reporting and other obligations
imposed by various rules and regulations applicable to public companies will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs
of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs require us to divert a significant amount of money that
could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third-parties may
also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with
the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 

If Nasdaq delists our shares from trading on its
exchange for failure to meet the listing standards and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange,
our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, Rumble and its stockholders could face significant
material adverse consequences including a limited availability of market quotations for our securities, reduced liquidity for our securities,
a determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading the Class A Common Stock
to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market, a limited
amount of news and analyst coverage, and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research
or reports about Rumble, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the
price and trading volume of our securities could decline. 

The trading market for our securities will be influenced
by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about Rumble, our business, market or competitors. If any
of the analysts who may cover Rumble change their recommendation regarding our shares of common stock adversely, or provide more favorable
relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our shares of common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover
Rumble were to cease coverage of Rumble or fail to regularly publish reports on it, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which in turn could cause its share price or trading volume to decline. 

Pursuant to the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act for so long as we are an emerging growth company . 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments
of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, and generally requires in the same report a report by a public company s
independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting. We will be required
to provide management s attestation on internal controls beginning with respect to the year ended December 31, 2023, in accordance
with applicable SEC guidance, as further explained in Item 9A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

However, under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until it is no longer an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company 
until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following February 23, 2026, the fifth anniversary of CF VI s initial
public offering, (b) in which our annual gross revenue exceeds 1.07 billion, (c) in which our non-convertible debt issued within a three
year period exceeds 1 billion, or (d) if the market value of our shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million on the last
day of its second fiscal quarter. 

We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends
to holders of its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their shares after price
appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 

29 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We are headquartered in Longboat
Key, Florida, and maintain offices in both the United States and Canada. A number of our U.S. employees work remotely. All of our facilities
are leased. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. We intend to procure additional space in the
future as we continue to add employees and expand geographically. We also believe that, if we require additional space, we will be able
to lease additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are, and from time to time
may become, involved in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business activities, such as copyright infringement
and tort claims arising from user-uploaded content, patent infringement claims, breach of contract claims, government demands, putative
class actions based upon consumer protection or privacy laws and other matters. The amounts that may be recovered in such matters may
be subject to insurance coverage. 

On January 27, 2022, we received
notification of a lawsuit filed by Kosmayer Investment Inc. KII against Rumble and Mr. Pavlovski in the Ontario Superior
Court of Justice, alleging fraudulent misrepresentation in connection with KII s decision to redeem its shares of Rumble in August
2020. On June 3, 2022, we served our statement of defence, and KII filed a reply pleading on June 15, 2022. The case remains in discovery.
KII is seeking rescission of such redemption such that, following such rescission, KII would own 20 of the issued and outstanding shares
of Rumble or, in the alternative, damages for the lost value of the redeemed shares, which KII has alleged to be worth 419.0 million
(based on the value ascribed to the shares of Rumble in the Business Combination), together with other damages including punitive damages
and costs. The case remains in discovery. Although we believe that the allegations are meritless and intend to vigorously defend against
them, the result or impact of such claim is uncertain, and could result in, among other things, damages, and/or awards of attorneys 
fees or expenses. 

In January 2021, we filed an
antitrust lawsuit against Google in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that Google unlawfully
gives an advantage to its YouTube platform over Rumble in search engine results and in the mobile phone market. In June 2021, Google filed
a partial motion to dismiss the lawsuit and a motion to strike; in July 2022, the court denied Google s motion. The case is currently
in discovery, with trial scheduled for November 4, 2024. 

30 

In August 2022, we received notification
of a patent infringement lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida by Interactive Content Engines
LLC ICE ), a non-practicing entity. On October 5, 2022, we filed our answer to ICE s complaint and counterclaims
asserting non-infringement and invalidity of the asserted patents. The court has scheduled a claim construction hearing for May 31, 2023.
Although we believe that the allegations of infringement are meritless and intend to vigorously defend against them, the result or impact
of such lawsuit is uncertain, and could result in, among other things, damages and/or awards of attorneys fees or expenses. 

In October 2022, we received notification of a putative class action
lawsuit alleging violations of the Video Privacy Protection Act in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
On March 13, 2023, the court denied our motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Although we believe that the allegations are meritless and intend
to vigorously defend against them, the result or impact of the lawsuit is uncertain, and could result in, among other things, damages
and/or awards of attorneys fees or expenses. 

Along with co-plaintiff Eugene
Volokh, on December 1, 2022, we filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York to block the enforcement
of New York State s Social Media Law. On February 14, 2023, the court granted our motion for a preliminary injunction, halting enforcement
of the law; on March 13, 2023, the New York Attorney General filed a notice of her intent to appeal that decision to the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. 

On February 17, 2023, we filed a petition in the Court of Chancery
under 8 Del. C. 205, or Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the Petition to resolve potential uncertainty
with respect to our authorized share capital that was introduced by a recent holding in Garfield v. Boxed, Inc. , 2022 WL 17959766
(Del. Ch. Dec. 27, 2022). The Court of Chancery granted our petition on March 6, 2023, and entered an order that same day under 8 Del.
C. 205 (1) declaring our current certificate of incorporation (the Current Certificate of Incorporation ), including
the filing and effectiveness thereof, as validated and effective retroactive to the date of its filing with the Office of the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on September 15, 2022, and all amendments effected thereby and (2) ordering that our securities (and
the issuance of the securities) described in the Petition and any other securities issued in reliance on the validity of the Current Certificate
of Incorporation are validated and declared effective, each as of the original issuance dates. We have received a litigation demand concerning
the subject matter of the Petition, which we now believe to be moot by virtue of the granting of the Petition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

31 

Part
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our Class A Common Stock and
Warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols RUM and RUMBW , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 28, 2023, there were (i) 62 shareholders of record of our
Class A Common Stock, (ii) 10 shareholders of record of our Class C Common Stock, (iii) one shareholder of record of our Class D Common
Stock and (iv) 5 holders of record of our warrants to purchase our Common Stock. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially
greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders, whose shares and/or warrants are held of record by banks, brokers
and other financial institutions. 

Dividend Policy 

We do not anticipate declaring
or paying any cash dividends on our Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. It is presently intended that we will retain our
earnings for use in business operations and, accordingly, it is not anticipated that our board of directors will declare dividends in
the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from
Registered Offerings; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser 

In connection with the closing
of the Business Combination, on September 16, 2022, pursuant to the Forward Purchase Contract entered into on February 18, 2021 between
the Sponsor and CF VI (the Forward Purchase Contract ), the Company consummated the sale and issuance of 1,875,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock and 375,000 Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of 15.0 million. The sale and issuance of securities under
the Forward Purchase Contract was made to the Sponsor, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act. The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the form of Forward Purchase
Contract, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

PIPE Investment 

Upon the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company consummated the PIPE investment and issued 8,300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock for aggregate proceeds
of 83,000,000. The sales and issuances of securities in the PIPE investment were made to accredited investors in reliance on Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the text of the form of subscription agreement in connection with the PIPE investment, a copy of which is filed as an
exhibit to this Form 10-K. 

Business Combination Consideration 

Upon the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company issued 63,123,432 shares of Class A Common Stock (inclusive of 20,800,870 shares of Class A Common
Stock placed in escrow pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement), 168,762,214 shares of Class C Common Stock (inclusive
of 55,611,713 shares of Class C Common Stock placed in escrow pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement) and 105,782,403 shares
of Class D Common Stock to the stockholders of Rumble in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The issuances of the
Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock were made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D under the Securities Act. 

32 

For an aggregate purchase price
of 1.0 million, upon the closing of the Business Combination and pursuant to that certain Key Individual Subscription Agreement by and
between CF VI and Mr. Pavlovski, CF VI issued and sold to Mr. Pavlovski a number of shares of Class D Common Stock, a new class of non-economic
shares of common stock of CF VI carrying the right to 11.2663 votes per share, which were created and issued in connection with the closing
of the Business Combination, and which shares provide Mr. Pavlovski with a number of votes, together with any shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class C Common Stock held by him as of closing of the Business Combination, such that he has approximately 85 of the voting
rights of the Company. 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, CF VI entered into a Share Repurchase Agreement with Mr. Pavlovski, pursuant to which, upon the
closing of the Business Combination, CF VI repurchased 1.1 million ExchangeCo Shares from Mr. Pavlovski and redeemed a corresponding number
of shares of Class C Common Stock, for a total purchase price of 11.0 million or 10.00 per ExchangeCo Share. Of the 11.0 million of
proceeds, Mr. Pavlovski reinvested 1.0 million to pay the purchase price for the shares of Class D Common Stock purchased by Mr. Pavlovski
pursuant to the Key Individual Subscription Agreement. The closing of the share repurchase occurred immediately following the closing
of the Business Combination. 

In
addition, on September 16, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Pavlovski restricted stock units covering 1.1 million shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock (the RSUs pursuant to the Company s 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. The RSUs were granted in lieu
of the 1.1 million restricted shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock that Mr. Pavlovski was entitled to be granted pursuant
to his employment agreement. The issuance of the RSUs to Mr. Pavlovski was made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act . 

Stock Performance Graph 

The following information in
this Item 5 is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A
or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference
into such a filing. 

The SEC requires the Company
to include a line graph presentation comparing cumulative five-year common stock returns, or in the case of Rumble, the date of the consummation
of the Business Combination, with a broad-based stock index and either a nationally recognized industry index or an index of peer companies
selected by the Company. The Company has chosen to use the Standard Poor s S P 500 Index as the broad-based
index. The S P 500 Index was chosen as the Company does not believe any other published industry or line-of-business index adequately
represents the current operations of the Company. The graph assumes a beginning investment of 100 on September 16, 2022, the date of
the consummation of the Business Combination, and that all dividends are reinvested. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on
our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

33 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the Business 
section and Rumble Inc. s Rumble or the Company consolidated financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements and other information included elsewhere in this
Annual Report. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations to we, our, Rumble and the Company 
refer to the business and operations of Rumble Canada Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination (as defined
below) and to Rumble Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the consummation of the Business Combination. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those
discussed in the sections titled 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report and those discussed in our other filings with the SEC. Additionally, our historical results are
not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in any future period. Amounts are presented in U.S. dollars. 

Overview 

We are a high growth, video
sharing platform designed to help content creators manage, distribute, and monetize their content by connecting them with brands, publishers,
and directly to their subscribers and followers. Our registered office is 444 Gulf of Mexico Drive, Longboat Key, Florida, 34228. Our
shares of Class A common stock and warrants are traded on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols RUM 
and RUMBW , respectively. 

Significant Events and Transactions 

As previously announced, on
December 1, 2021, CF Acquisition Corp. VI, a Delaware corporation CFVI ), and Rumble Inc., a corporation formed under the
laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada Legacy Rumble ), entered into a business combination agreement (the Business
Combination ). On September 16, 2022, CFVI and Legacy Rumble consummated the business combination contemplated by the business combination
agreement. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, CFVI changed its name
from CF Acquisition Corp. VI to Rumble Inc. and Legacy Rumble changed its name from Rumble Inc. to Rumble Canada Inc. 

Refer to Note 2, Significant
Events and Transactions, to the consolidated financial statements. 

Revenues 

We generate revenues primarily
from advertising and licensing fees. The revenues are generated by delivering content either via our own or third-party platforms. As
with the past two years, our focus remains on growing users and usage consumption and not maximizing revenue 
 while continuing to experiment with various levers to grow revenue. 

Advertising fees are generated
by delivering both display advertisements and cost-per-message-read advertisements. Display advertisements are placed on Rumble and third-party
publisher websites or mobile applications. Customers pay for advertisements either directly or through their relationships with advertising
agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions such as clicks, or purchases taken, by our
users. The Company recognizes revenue from display advertisements when a user engages with the advertisement, such as an impression, click,
or purchase. For cost-per-message-read advertising, customers pay to have their products or services promoted by a content creator and
advertising revenue is recognized when the performance obligation is fulfilled, usually when the message is read. 

Licensing fees are charged
on a per video or on a flat-fee per month basis. Licensing fee revenue is recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied
in line with the nature of the intellectual property being licensed. 

34 

Other revenues include fees
earned from tipping features within the Company s platform as well as certain cloud, subscription, platform hosting, and professional
services. Fees from tipping features are recognized at a point in time when a user tips on the platform. Both cloud and subscription services
are recognized over time for the duration of the contract. Revenues related to platform hosting are recognized over time as the Company
provides access to the platform. Professional service revenues have stand-alone functionality to the customer and are recognized at a
point in time as services are provided or earned. 

Refer to Note 3, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements. 

Expenses 

Expenses primarily include
costs of services, general and administrative, research and development, sales and marketing, finance costs, share-based compensation,
foreign exchange gain or loss, and amortization and depreciation. The most significant component of our expenses on an ongoing basis are
programming and content, service provider costs, and staffing-related costs. 

We expect to continue to invest
substantial resources to support our growth and anticipate that each of the following categories of expenses will increase in absolute
dollar amounts for the foreseeable future. 

Cost of Services 

Cost of services consists of
costs related to obtaining, supporting and hosting the Company s product offerings. These costs primarily include: 

Programming and content costs related to payments to content providers from whom video and other content are licensed. These costs are typically paid to these providers based on revenues generated. In certain circumstances, we incur additional costs related to incentivizing top content creators to promote and join our platform. 

Other
costs of services include third-party service provider costs such as data center and networking, staffing costs directly related to professional
services fees, and costs paid to publishers. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits and bonuses related to our executives, finance team, and administrative employees. It
also includes legal and professional fees, business insurance costs, operating lease costs and other costs. As a public company, we expect
to continue to incur additional audit, tax, accounting, legal and other costs related to compliance with applicable securities and other
regulations, as well as additional insurance, investor relations and other costs. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses
consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, employee bonuses and consultant fees related to our development activities to originate,
develop and enhance our platforms. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses consist
primarily of costs related to salaries, employee benefits, employee bonuses, consultant fees, direct marketing costs related to the promotion
of our platforms/solutions. Sales and marketing expenses are expected to increase over time as we promote our platform, increase marketing
activities, grow domestic and international operations, and continues to build brand awareness. 

Non-Operating Income and Other Items 

Interest Income 

Interest income consists of
interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We invest in highly liquid securities such as money market funds,
treasury bills and term deposits. 

35 

Finance Costs 

Finance costs consist of transaction
expenses related to the Business Combination and other financing rounds. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

We account for our outstanding
warrants in accordance with guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC
815-40 ), under which the warrants issued in connection with the public offerings, private placements, and forward purchase contract FPA entered into with CFAC Holdings VI, LLC (such contract, the FPA do not meet the criteria for equity
classification, and must be recorded as liabilities. As these warrants meet the definition of a liability under ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ASC 815 ), they are measured at fair value at inception and each reporting date in accordance with the guidance
in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), with any subsequent changes in fair value recognized in the statement
of operations in the period of change. 

Change in Fair Value of Option Liability 

Change in the fair value
of option liability relates to the May 14, 2021, issuance of Class A preferred shares of Legacy Rumble, which included the right to exercise
options for an additional 172,070 Class A common shares of Legacy Rumble subject to certain conditions. The grant date fair value was
determined based on the maximum discount available to these Class A preferred shareholders and the probability of the conditions attached
to this option being met. The change in fair value of this option liability is on account of the re-assessment of the probability of
the conditions attached to this option at each reporting period. The option liability associated with these Class A preferred shares
of Legacy Rumble was exercised on November 24, 2021. 

Key Business Metrics 

To analyze our business performance,
determine financial forecasts and help develop long-term strategic plans, we review the key business metrics described below. 

Monthly Active Users MAUs 

We use MAUs as a measure of audience engagement to help us understand
the volume of users engaged with our content on a monthly basis. MAUs represent the total web and app users of Rumble for each month,
which allows us to measure our total user base calculated from data provided by third-party analytics providers using company-set parameters.
The analytics systems and the resulting data have not been independently verified. There is a potential for minor overlap in the resulting
data due to users who access Rumble s content from both the web and the app in a given measurement period; however, given that we
believe this minor overlap to be immaterial, we do not separately track or report unique users as distinct from MAUs. MAUs
do not include embedded video, certain connected TV users, or users of the Locals platform. Like many other major social media companies,
we rely on paid advertising in order to attract users to our platform; however, we cannot be certain that all or substantially all activity
that results from such advertising is genuine. Spam activity, including inauthentic and fraudulent user activity, if undetected, may contribute,
from time to time, to some amount of overstatement of our performance indicators, including reporting of MAUs by our third-party analytics
provider. We continually seek to improve our ability to estimate the total number of spam-generated users, and we eliminate material activity
that is substantially likely to be spam from the calculation of our MAUs. We will not, however, succeed in identifying and removing all
spam. 

MAUs were 80 million on average
in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 142 from the fourth quarter of 2021. This growth is attributable to: our growing pool of
content, content creators and formats; our value proposition as competing platforms continue to censor and cancel the voices of creators;
and increased activity due to U.S. mid-term elections. 

36 

Minutes Watched Per Month MWPM 

We use MWPM as a measure of
audience engagement to help us understand the volume of users engaged with our content on a monthly basis and the intensity of users 
engagement with the platform. MWPM represents the monthly average of minutes watched per user within a quarterly period, which helps us
measure user engagement. MWPM is calculated by converting actual bandwidth consumption into minutes watched, using our management s
best estimate of video resolution quality mix and various encoding parameters. Bandwidth consumption includes video traffic across the
entire Rumble platform (website, apps, embedded video, connected TV, etc.), as well as what our management believes is a nominal amount
of non-video traffic. Starting in the second quarter of 2022 we began transitioning a portion of Locals bandwidth consumption to
our infrastructure. While this currently represents an immaterial amount of consumption, we expect this to grow in the coming quarters. 

MWPM was 11.1 billion on average
in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 31 from the fourth quarter of 2021. This growth is attributable to: our growing pool of
content creators; our value proposition as competing platforms continue to censor and cancel the voices of creators; and a number of new
platform features. 

37 

Hours of Uploaded Video Per Day 

We use the amount of hours
of uploaded video per day as a measure of content creation to help us understand the volume of content being created and uploaded
to us on a daily basis. 

Hours of uploaded video per
day were 10,373 on average in the fourth quarter 2022, an increase of 216 from the fourth quarter of 2021. This growth is attributable
to: our growing pool of content creators; our value proposition as competing platforms continue to censor and cancel the voices of creators;
and a number of new platform features. 

We regularly review, have adjusted in the past,
and may in the future adjust our processes for calculating our key business metrics to improve their accuracy, including through the application
of new data or technologies or product changes that may allow us to identify previously undetected spam activity. As a result of such
adjustments, our key business metrics may not be comparable period-over-period. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our results of operations
data for the periods presented: 

Comparisons for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

The following table sets forth
our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the dollar and percentage change
between the two periods: 

For the year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 Variance ) 
 Variance ) 
 
 Revenues 
 39,384,284 
 9,466,363 
 29,917,921 
 316 
 
 Expenses: 

Cost of services (content, hosting and other) 
 43,745,518 
 7,805,474 
 35,940,044 
 460 
 
 General and administrative 
 14,503,576 
 3,131,479 
 11,372,097 
 363 
 
 Research and development 
 6,287,372 
 1,622,264 
 4,665,108 
 288 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 6,092,395 
 2,918,000 
 3,174,395 
 109 
 
 Finance costs 
 1,116,056 
 2,925,499 
 (1,809,443 
 (62 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,683,622 
 1,414,479 
 269,143 
 19 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 49,067 
 7,166 
 41,901 
 585 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 
 1,556,056 
 154,415 
 1,401,641 
 908 
 
 Total expenses 
 75,033,662 
 19,978,776 
 55,054,886 
 276 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (35,649,378 
 (10,512,413 
 (25,136,965 
 239 
 
 Interest income, net 
 3,019,456 
 16,443 
 3,003,013 
 18,263 
 
 Other income, net 
 
 168,840 
 (168,840 
 (100 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 21,010,500 
 
 21,010,500 
 NM 
 
 Change in fair value of option liability 
 
 (3,214,286 
 3,214,286 
 (100 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (11,619,422 
 (13,541,416 
 1,921,994 
 (14 
 
 Income tax recovery 
 215,428 
 (575 
 216,003 
 (37,566 
 
 Deferred tax recovery 
 
 128,459 
 (128,459 
 (100 
 
 Net and comprehensive loss 
 (11,403,994 
 (13,413,532 
 2,009,538 
 (15 

NM - Percentage change not meaningful. 

38 

Revenues 

Revenues increased by 29.9 million to 39.4 million in the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, of which 24.3 million is attributable to higher advertising and 5.6
million is attributable to higher licensing and other revenue. The increase in advertising revenue was driven by an increase in consumption
as well the introduction of new advertising solutions for creators, publishers and advertisers, including host read advertising and our
online advertising management exchange Rumble Advertising Center or RAC ), both of which we started to build
and test in the second half of 2022. The increase in licensing and other revenue was driven by tipping features within our platform as
well as certain cloud, subscription, platform hosting fees, provision of one-time content, and professional services. 

Cost of Services 

Cost of services increased
by 35.9 million to 43.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was due to an increase in programming and content costs of 30.0 million, hosting expenses of 4.7 million, and other service costs of
 1.2 million. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expense
increased by 11.4 million to 14.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was due to a 4.4 million increase in staffing-related costs, as well as a 7.0 million increase in other administrative
expenses, most of which are public company-related and include accounting, legal, investor relations, insurance and other administrative
services. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expense
increased by 4.7 million to 6.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was due to a 3.2 million increase in staffing-related costs, as well as a 1.5 million increase in costs related to computer
software, hardware and other administrative expenses. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expense increased
by 3.2 million to 6.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due
to a 1.6 million increase in staffing-related and consulting services cost, as well as a 1.6 million increase in other marketing
and public relations activities. 

Finance Costs 

Finance costs decreased by 1.8 million to 1.1 million in the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Finance costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of
 1.1 million in transaction costs, which included legal and other professional fees related to the Business Combination. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, finance costs consisted of 2.9 million related to transaction costs on the issuances of Legacy Rumble Class A
preferred shares and Class A common shares. Additionally, the transaction costs allocated to the debt component of Class A preferred
shares of Legacy Rumble and the Option Liability were recorded as finance costs. Refer to Note 13, Temporary Equity, to the consolidated
financial statements for more details. 

Share-based Compensation 

Share-based compensation increased
by 0.3 million to 1.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the vesting
conditions of certain previously and newly granted restricted stock units and stock options. 

39 

Foreign Exchange Loss 

Foreign exchange loss increased
by 41.9 thousand to 49.1 thousand in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to higher foreign currency rate fluctuation as we maintained the majority of our cash balance in its functional currency as of December
31, 2022. 

Amortization and Depreciation 

Amortization and depreciation
increased by 1.4 million to 1.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as we commenced
building out our infrastructure subsequent to Q2 2021. 

Interest Income 

Interest income increased by
 3.0 million to 3.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to carrying a higher balance in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities which was the result of the Business Combination
in 2022. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other income decreased by 0.2
million to 0 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was related to the settlement
of litigation during the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no comparable income in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 

Change in fair value of warrant
liability increased by 21.0 million to 21.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase relates to the issuance of 8,050,000
warrants in connection with the public offerings, private placements, and FPA. As these warrants meet the classification of a financial
liability in accordance with ASC 815-40, the related warrant liability is measured at its fair value, determined in accordance with ASC
820, at each reporting period. The fair value of this warrant liability was measured using the fair value of the Company s warrants
listed on the Nasdaq (Level 1 fair value hierarchy input). Refer to Note 2, Significant Events and Transactions, of the consolidated financial
statements. 

Change in Fair Value of Option Liability 

Change in fair value of the
option liability decreased by 3.2 million to 0 in the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is measured in reference to the issuance
of Legacy Rumble s 606,360 Class A preferred shares, which allowed the holders of these preferred shares to purchase additional
common shares of Legacy Rumble at a discount of 30 , subject to certain conditions. The total fair value of this financing arrangement
was determined to be 35.7 million due to the upper limit on the discount price provided to the investors. Gross proceeds of 25.0 million
were allocated between the Class A preferred shares of Legacy Rumble and the option liability by first determining the fair value of the
option liability at 7.5 million using a probability weighted scenario over the likelihood of this option to be exercised, with the remaining
 17.5 million allocated to equity (using a residual value method). Change in the fair value of the option liability in the amount of 1.1
million was calculated based on an update of management s estimate related to the likelihood of the option to purchase additional
common shares being exercised (Level 3 fair value hierarchy input). The option liability associated with these Class A preferred shares
of Legacy Rumble was exercised on November 24, 2021. 

Income Tax Recovery 

Income tax recovery increased
by 216.0 thousand to 215.4 thousand in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Deferred Tax Recovery 

Deferred tax recovery decreased by 128.5 thousand
to zero in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

40 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have historically financed
operations primarily through cash generated from operating activities and most recently through proceeds from financings. The primary
short-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund general working capital and capital expenditures. 

As of December 31, 2022, our
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balance was 338.3 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities consist
of cash on deposit with banks and amounts held in money market funds, treasury bills, and term deposits. The existing cash, cash equivalents,
and marketable securities are sufficient to fund our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. At this time, we do not anticipate
the need to raise additional capital as a result of the completion of the Business Combination on September 16, 2022. Our present focus
is to grow users and usage consumption, experiment with monetization levers, and not to maximize revenue and profitability in the immediate
term. This business strategy could have a negative impact on our liquidity. 

The following table shows our
cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (32,331,422 
 (5,310,557 
 (27,020,865 
 
 Investing activities 
 (10,139,167 
 1,579,953 
 (11,719,120 
 
 Financing activities 
 332,792,493 
 49,131,932 
 283,660,561 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 32.3 million compared to 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
was from an overall increase in expenses and prepaid expenses as a result of business growth coupled with a partial offset from an increase
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.1 million compared to 1.6 million provided for the year ended December 31,
2021. Investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of 8.5 million used in the purchases of capital assets, 1.1
million used in purchase of marketable securities and 0.5 million used in the purchase of intellectual property. Investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of 1.3 million used in the purchases of capital assets and 0.5 million used in the purchase
of intellectual property, offset by 3.4 million in cash acquired on the acquisition of Locals Technology Inc. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 332.8 million compared to 49.1 million provided for the year ended December 31, 2021. Financing activities in the year
ended December 31, 2022, mostly consisted of the cash proceeds, net of transaction costs, from the Business Combination. Financing activities
in the year ended December 31, 2021, mostly consisted of the cash proceeds, net of transaction costs, from the issuance of Legacy Rumble
Class A preferred shares and Class A common shares. 

41 

Summary of Quarterly Results 

Information for the most recent quarters presented are as follows: 

Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Sep 30, 
 2022 
 Jun 30, 
 2022 
 Mar 31, 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 19,957,025 
 10,983,182 
 4,399,312 
 4,044,765 
 
 Net and comprehensive loss 
 (944,668 
 (1,858,452 
 (4,688,680 
 (3,912,194 

Dec 31, 
 2021 
 Sep 30, 
 2021 
 Jun 30, 
 2021 
 Mar 31, 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 2,939,548 
 2,069,473 
 2,124,879 
 2,332,463 
 
 Net and comprehensive income (loss) 
 (10,548,573 
 (2,624,957 
 (315,804 
 75,802 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Management Estimates 

We prepare our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ).
The preparation of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates
made by our management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement
presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. We believe that the accounting policies discussed
below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving
our management s judgments and estimates. Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important
to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments,
often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

We believe that the accounting
policies described below involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe that these are the most critical
to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see Note 3,
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Revenues 

On January 1, 2018, we
adopted ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . To determine revenue recognition for contractual arrangements
that we determine are within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (1) identify each contract with a customer;
(2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction
price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the relevant performance obligation is satisfied.
We only apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that we will collect the consideration to which we are entitled to
in exchange for the goods or services we provide to the customer. 

We generate revenues primarily
from advertising and licensing fees. The revenues are generated by delivering content either via our own or third-party platforms. 

Advertising fees are generated
by delivering both display advertisements and cost-per-message-read advertisements. Display advertisements are placed on Rumble and third-party
publisher websites or mobile applications. Customers pay for advertisements either directly or through their relationships with advertising
agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions such as clicks, or purchases taken, by our
users. The Company recognizes revenue from display advertisements when a user engages with the advertisement, such as an impression, click,
or purchase. For cost-per-message-read advertising, customers pay to have their products or services promoted by a content creator and
advertising revenue is recognized when the performance obligation is fulfilled, usually when the message is read. 

42 

Licensing fees are charged
on a per video or on a flat-fee per month basis. Licensing fee revenue is recognized as the related performance obligations are satisfied
in line with the nature of the intellectual property being licensed. 

Other revenues include fees
earned from tipping features within the Company s platform as well as certain cloud, subscription, platform hosting, and professional
services. Fees from tipping features are recognized at a point in time when a user tips on the platform. Both cloud and subscription services
are recognized over time for the duration of the contract. Revenues related to platform hosting are recognized over time as the Company
provides access to the platform. Professional service revenues have stand-alone functionality to the customer and are recognized at a
point in time as services are provided or earned. 

Share-Based Compensation Expense 

Stock Options 

We estimate the fair value
of stock options granted to employees and directors using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model BSM ). The grant date fair
value of stock options is recognized as share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Forfeitures
are accounted for when they occur. 

BSM considers several variables
and assumptions in estimating the fair value of stock-based awards. These variables include: 

Fair value of common stock: Because
Legacy Rumble Class A common shares (also referred to as Rumble s common stock below) were not publicly traded
prior to the closing of the Business Combination, we estimated the fair value of our common stock in 2019, 2020 and 2021 using Level 3
inputs as defined in the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. Our board of directors considers numerous objective and subjective factors to determine
the fair value of our common stock as discussed in Common Stock Valuations below. Fair value of Rumble s Class
A common shares following the closing of the Business Combination is determined based on the Nasdaq closing price of the Company s
Class A common stock as at the date of measurement. 

Expected Term: The
expected term represents the period that our stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and was determined to be the contractual
term of the options. 

Expected Volatility: Since
we have only a limited trading history of our common stock, the expected volatility was derived from the average historical stock volatilities
of several public companies within our industry that we consider to be comparable to our business over a period equivalent to the expected
term of the stock option grants. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate: The
risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with the remaining term equivalent
to the expected term. 

Expected Dividend: We
have not paid any dividends in our history and do not expect to pay any dividends over the life of the options and, therefore, have estimated
the dividend yield to be zero. 

Common Stock Valuations 

Prior to the closing of the
Business Combination, given the absence of a public trading market for our common stock and in accordance with the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation,
our board of directors determined the best estimate of fair value of our common stock exercising reasonable judgment and considering numerous
objective and subjective factors. These factors included: 

the valuation at which we conducted our most recent rounds
of equity financing; 

contemporaneous third-party valuations of our common stock; 

the transaction prices at which we or other holders sold our
common stock to outside investors in arms-length transactions; 

our financial condition, results of operations and capital
resources; 

43 

the industry outlook; 

consideration that the options awarded reflected rights in
illiquid securities in a private company; 

the valuation of comparable companies; 

the lack of marketability of our common stock; 

the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an
initial public offering or a sale of us given prevailing market conditions; 

the history and nature of our business, industry trends and
the competitive environment; and 

the general economic outlook, including with respect to economic
growth, inflation, unemployment, the interest rate environment and global economic trends. 

Our board of directors determined
the fair value of our common stock by first determining the enterprise value of our business, and then using the enterprise value to derive
the per share value of our common stock. 

The enterprise value of our
business was estimated by considering several factors, including estimates using the market approach. The market approach was estimated
based on the projected value of comparable public companies in a similar line of business that are publicly traded. In addition to the
market approach described above, our board of directors factored in recent arms-length transactions such as the closest round of equity
financing preceding the date of valuation. 

After determining our enterprise
value, an allocation of the enterprise value is assigned to each of our various classes of shares with consideration of the different
rights associated with each share class, including liquidation preferences, seniority of shares, and conversion rights. The value attributed
to common shares through this allocation determines the per share value of our common stock. The BSM implementation of the option pricing
method treats the rights of holders of various classes of securities (common shares, preferred shares, warrants, and options) as call
options on any value of the Company above a series of break points. The values of the break points were calculated by reviewing the liquidation
preferences of preferred shares (including seniority of any series of preferred shares), the participation rights of preferred shares
(including any caps on such participation), and the strike prices of warrants and options. 

Application of these approaches
involves the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding discount rates,
market multiples, the selection of comparable companies and the probability of possible future events. Changes in any or all of these
estimates and assumptions, or the relationships between those assumptions, impact our valuations as of each valuation date and may have
a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. 

For valuations after the completion
of the Business Combination, our board of directors determines the fair value of each share of underlying Class A common stock based
on the closing price of Class A common Stock as reported on the date of grant. 

Warrants 

Measurement of the Company s
warrants issued to purchase shares of Class A common stock post-closing of the Business Combination is based on the Nasdaq closing price
of the Company s warrants as at the date of measurement. Warrants issued to purchase common stock of Legacy Rumble prior to the
closing of the Business Combination were freestanding financial instruments classified as equity, and measured using the BSM option pricing
model, which included assumptions related to the inputs of exercise price, fair value of the underlying common stock, risk-free interest
rate, expected term, expected volatility, and expected dividend yield, which were all determined in the same manner as our stock options
detailed in the above Stock Based Compensation Expense section. As the outstanding warrants (prior to the closing
of the Business Combination) were also subject to a performance condition, management assessed the probability of the performance condition
being met at each reporting date. These Legacy Rumble warrants were exchanged for 14,153,048 shares of Class A common stock of the Company
as part of the Business Combination, for a par value of 731,281. 

44 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3, Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 

We are an emerging growth company,
as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until
such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend to elect to adopt new or revised accounting standards under private
company adoption timelines. Accordingly, the timing of our adoption of new or revised accounting standards will not be the same as other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies or that have opted out of using such extended transition period and our financial
statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are exposed to certain market
risks as part of our ongoing business operations. 

Credit Risk 

We are exposed to credit risk on our cash, cash
equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts receivable. We place cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities with financial
institutions with high credit standing, and we place excess cash in marketable investment grade debt securities. We are exposed to credit
risk on our accounts receivable in the event of default by a customer. We bill our customers under customary payment terms and review
customers for their creditworthiness. The term between invoicing and payment due date is not significant. A meaningful portion of our
revenue is attributable to service agreements with one customer. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for 17.7
million or 45 of our revenue (2021 6.5 million or 69 ). As of December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for 66 of our accounts
receivable (2021 35 ), which has been collected in the month of January 2023. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk on our cash,
cash equivalents and marketable securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 338.3 million,
consisting of investments in money market funds, treasury bills, and term deposits for which the fair market value would be affected by
changes in the general level of interest rates. However, due to the short-term maturities and the low-risk profile of our investments,
an immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities. 

45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (MNP LLP, PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 1. Overview and Basis of Presentation F-7 2. Significant Events and Transactions F-8 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies F-12 4. Business Combinations F-23 5. Revenue from Contracts with Customers F-24 6. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities F-24 7. Capital Assets F-25 8. Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities F-25 9. Intangible Assets F-26 10. Income Taxes F-27 11. Warrant Liability F-30 12. Other Liability F-31 13. Temporary Equity F-32 14. Shareholders Equity F-33 15. Commitments and Contingencies F-41 16. Fair Value Measurements F-42 17. Financial Instrument Risks F-43 18. Related Party Transactions F-44 19. Segment Information F-45 20. Subsequent Events F-46 

46 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (MNP LLP, PCAOB ID: 1930) 
 
 F- 2 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F- 3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F- 5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 - F-46 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Rumble
Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Rumble Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

Licensed Public Accountants 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Expenses 

Cost of services (content, hosting and other) 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Finance costs 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign exchange loss 

Amortization and depreciation 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income, net 

Other income, net 
 -

Changes in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 -

Changes in fair value of option liability 
 -

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax recovery (expense) 

Deferred tax recovery 
 -

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average shares used to compute loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 
 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Prepaid expenses and other, long term 

Capital assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Warrant liability 
 
 -

Lease liabilities, long-term 

Other liability 

Temporary equity 

Preference shares 
 -

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders equity 

Common shares 

Deficit 

Additional paid-in capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity
(Deficit) 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

Number
 of Common Stock 

Legacy 
 Rumble 
 Class A 
 Legacy 
 Rumble 
 Class B 
 Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Class
 C 
 Class
 D 
 Legacy 
 Rumble 
 Class A 
 Legacy 
 Rumble 
 Class B 
 Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Class
 C 
 Class
 D 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Legacy Rumble Class A Common Stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Legacy Rumble Class B Common Stock in exchange for Legacy Rumble Class A Common Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Legacy Rumble Common Shares and options in connection with Locals acquisition 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 costs in connection with Locals acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of Legacy Rumble restricted stock units 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share
 based payments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss
 for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Legacy Rumble Class A Common Stock in exchange for Legacy Rumble preference shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Class A and C Common Stock in exchange for Legacy Rumble Class A and B common shares 

- 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class A Common Stock in exchange for Legacy Rumble warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repurchase
 of Class C Common Stock in the Key Individual Subscription Agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of Class D Common Stock in the Key Individual Subscription Agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of Class A and B Common Stock in connection with the Qualifying Transaction 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of Class A Common Stock in exchange for CFVI Class B common shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class A Common Stock in connection with public shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 costs in connection with the Qualifying Transaction 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Excess
 fair value over net assets acquired listing fee 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Eliminate
 CFVI s historical accumulated deficit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share
 based payments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss
 for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Rumble Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash flows provided by (used in) 

Operating activities 

Net loss and comprehensive loss for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash flows used in operating
 activities: 

Amortization and depreciation 

Share-based compensation 

Interest expense 

Deferred tax expense (recovery) 
 -

Depreciation on right-of-use assets 

Change in lease liabilities due to cash payments 

Gain on change in fair value of warrants 
 
 -

Loss on change in fair value of option liability 
 -

Realized foreign exchange loss 
 
 -

Changes in non-cash working capital: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 
 - 

Investing activities 

Purchase of capital assets 

Purchase of intellectual property 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 
 -

Cash acquired on acquisition of Locals Technology Inc. 
 -

Financing activities 

Repayments of bank indebtedness 
 -

Repayments of from long-term debt 
 -

Proceeds from other liabilities 

Proceeds from issuance of Legacy Rumble preferred shares and Class A common shares 
 -

Proceeds from Qualifying Transaction 
 
 -

Repurchase of Class C Common Stock 
 
 -

Repayment of Sponsor loan in connection with Qualifying Transaction 
 
 -

Share issuance costs 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents
during the period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end
 of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for lease liabilities 

Non-cash transactions related to the Qualifying Transaction (Note 2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 7 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

units CFVI Units for gross proceeds of . Each CFVI Unit consists of share of Class A Common Stock CFVI Class A Common Stock and one-fourth of redeemable warrant CFVI Warrant(s) ). Upon closing of the Offering, the CFVI Units were listed on the Nasdaq. The total proceeds from
the Offering were placed in an escrow account to be released upon consummation of the Qualifying Transaction in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the related escrow agreement. Prior to the closing of the Qualifying Transaction discussed below, CFVI shareholders
were permitted to elect to redeem their shares of CFVI Class A Common Stock for cash even if they approved the Qualifying Transaction.
As a result, actual redemptions by CFVI shareholders were CFVI Class A Common Stock and the remaining shares of CFVI
Class A Common Stock of the Company remained outstanding. Simultaneous with the closing of the Offering, CFVI consummated the sale of
 units CFVI Placement Units to the Sponsor for gross proceeds of . Additionally, in connection with the
Offering, the Sponsor committed, pursuant to a forward purchase contract FPA with CFVI, to purchase, in a private placement
for gross proceeds of to occur concurrently with the consummation of the Qualifying Transaction, CFVI Units on substantially
the same terms as the sale of CFVI Units in the Offering at per CFVI Unit, and CFVI Class A Common Stock (for no additional
consideration). The funds from the FPA were to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the Qualifying Transaction. 

F- 8 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Significant Events and Transactions (Continued) 

, representing the sum of , plus the cash and cash equivalents balance held by Legacy Rumble as of the
date of the Qualifying Transaction (net of outstanding indebtedness), plus the aggregate exercise price of all outstanding options to
purchase Legacy Rumble stock. The Price Per Company Share is obtained by dividing (i) the Arrangement Consideration by (ii)
the number of outstanding shares of capital stock of Legacy Rumble (calculated on a fully diluted basis in accordance with the Business
Combination Agreement). The . 

F- 9 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Significant Events and Transactions (Continued) 

shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company for a par value of . 

, upon the closing of the Qualifying Transaction and pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into between Christopher
Pavlovski, Legacy Rumble s CEO and founder Mr. Pavlovski and CFVI, the Company issued and sold to Mr. Pavlovski
a number of shares of Class D common stock, par value per share, of the Company Class D Common Stock ), a new class
of non-economic shares of common stock of the Company carrying the right to votes per share created and issued in connecting with
the Qualifying Transaction, such that, taking into account the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock issued to Mr. Pavlovski
at the closing of the Qualifying Transaction, Mr. Pavlovski has approximately of the voting power of the Company on a fully diluted
basis. 

shares of Class A Common Stock (par value in connection with the FPA. 

shares of
Class A Common Stock (par value per share) for aggregate proceeds of . 

F- 10 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. Significant Events and Transactions (Continued) 

in gross proceeds from the Qualifying Transaction. 

-
 
 -

Sponsor Related Parties and Other Holders of Founder s Shares 
 
 -
 
 -

Rumble Shareholders 

PIPE Investors 
 
 -
 
 -

Closing shares 

Net assets acquired: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable, accruals, and other liabilities 

Warrant liability 

FPA liability 

PIPE escrow proceeds 

Sponsor FPA proceeds 

Class D Common Stock proceeds 

Shares repurchase of Class C Common Stock 

Excess fair value over net assets acquired listing fee 

,
consisting of banking, legal, and other professional fees. The transaction costs were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital
in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5.A. 

F- 11 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 12 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

F- 13 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

F- 14 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

F- 15 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Income Taxes
(Continued) 

F- 16 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Share-Based
Compensation (Continued) 

F- 17 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Cumulative Expected Credit Losses (Continued) 

- years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

F- 18 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

F- 19 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Warrant Liability (Continued) 

membership interest in a joint venture based in Florida, USA named Liberatio Special Ventures LLC Liberatio ).
Liberatio is involved in the development and operation of an ecosystem, intended to provide customers with the ability to process payments
and engage in other related value-driven activities. The Group s interest in Liberatio is accounted for using the equity method
in the financial statements . 

-

Cost of services (content, hosting, and other) 
 -

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Amortization and depreciation 

F- 20 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

-

Cost of services (content, hosting, and other) 
 -

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Amortization and depreciation 

Interest income (expense), net 

Income tax (expense) recovery 

-

September 30, 2021 

Cost of revenues 

-

Cost of services (content, hosting, and other) 
 -

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Amortization and depreciation 

Condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the nine months ended: September 30, 2022 

Cost of revenues 

-

Cost of services (content, hosting, and other) 
 -

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Amortization and depreciation 

Interest income (expense), net 

Income tax (expense) recovery 

-

September 30, 2021 

Cost of revenues 

-

Cost of services (content, hosting, and other) 
 -

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Amortization and depreciation 

F- 21 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3 . Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

F- 22 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the interest in Locals Technology Inc. Locals ), a video streaming and content distribution platform, for
a total consideration of . The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method. The breakdown
of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is presented as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Capital assets 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable, accruals, and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liability 

Fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 

Add: Goodwill 

Total net assets acquired 

Purchase consideration: 

Common shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total consideration 

and loss of for the Group as of the date of acquisition to December 31, 2021. If the acquisition had occurred on
January 1, 2021, consolidated pro-forma revenue and loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 would have been and ,
respectively. 

that were not directly attributable to the issue of shares are included in general and administration expenses in the profit or loss and
in operating cash flows in the statement of cash flows. 

. 

F- 23 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Licensing and other 

Total revenues 

(2021 - ). 

Treasury bills and money market funds 
 Demand 

2021 

Contracted 
 Amortized 
 Fair Market 
 Balance per 

Maturity 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Balance Sheet 

Cash 
 Demand 

Treasury bills and money market funds 
 Demand 

as at December 31, 2022 (2021 nil ). The Group did not have any long-term investments as at December 31,
2022 or 2021 except for the investment in a joint venture. 

which will be used towards the issuance of credit for running the day-to-day
business operations (2021 - nil ). 

F- 24 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net carrying value 

(2021 - ). 

Net book value 

(2021 and are included in general and administration expenses in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive loss. 

years and , respectively
(2021 years and ). 

F- 25 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

8. Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities (Continued) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Less: imputed interest 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

Domain name 

Brand (Note 4) 

Technology (Note 4) 

Internal-use software 

- 

Domain name 

Brand (Note 4) 

Technology (Note 4) 

(2021 - ). 

F- 26 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

9. Intangible Assets (Continued) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

(2021 - ). 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax recovery at statutory income tax rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share-based compensation 
 -

Change in the fair value of warrant liability 
 
 -

Change in the fair value of option liability 
 -

Difference in jurisdictional tax rates 
 
 -

Tax restructuring 
 
 -

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Current tax (recovery) expense 

Deferred tax (recovery) expense 
 -

F- 27 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

10. Income Taxes (Continued) 

Tangible assets 
 
 -

Intangible assets 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets/ (liability) 
 -
 
 -

(2021 - ). The initial recognition of a component of this deferred tax asset was
recorded against additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets as the deferred tax asset is related to certain costs associated
with the reverse recapitalization which were recorded in additional paid-in capital but deductible in the year for tax purposes. The following
table summarizes changes to the Company s valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Transaction costs, reverse recapitalization 

Change in valuation allowance 

Balance, end of year 

F- 28 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

10. Income Taxes (Continued) 

(December 31, 2021 - and Canadian federal and provincial non-capital loss
carryforwards of (December 31, 2021 - ). The US federal losses can be carried forward indefinitely, generally, the
state losses can be carried forward years. The Canadian non-capital losses carried forward expire between 2039 and 2042. 

2041 

2042 

Indefinite 

F- 29 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

warrants issued by the Company in public offerings, private placements, and forward purchase contracts as follows: 

share of common stock of the Company,
par value per share, for per share. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of
the Qualifying Transaction or 12 months from the closing of the IPO and will expire 5 years after the completion of the Qualifying Transaction,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The exercise price and entitlement of the Warrants is subject to certain adjustments including: 

F- 30 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

11. Warrant Liability (Continued) 

or more of the Company s Class A shareholders.
Not all of the shareholders need to participate in such tender offer or exchange to trigger the potential cash settlement and the Company
does not control the occurrence of such an event. 

per Warrant, provided that the last sales price of the common stock has been at least 
per share during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day of the close of the Qualifying Transaction. 

As the transfer of Private
Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in Private Placement Warrants
and Forward Purchase Warrants having substantially the same terms as those issued in public offerings, the Company determined that the
fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Forward Purchase Warrants are equivalent to that of the Public Warrants. The Warrants are
measured at level 1 and level 2 respectively, of the fair value measurement hierarchy. 

related to these expenses was recorded in other liability (2021 - ). 

F- 31 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A preferred shares for issuance and to remove the class of preference
shares previously authorized. These Class A preferred shares rank senior to the common shares and have conversion rights that allow each
Class A preferred share to be converted at the option of the holder at any time and without payment of additional consideration into such
number of fully paid and non-assessable Voting Common Shares as is determined by dividing the original issue price of such Class A preferred
share by the conversion price at the time of conversion, which is initially equal to the original issue price subject to various adjustments. 

Class A preferred shares, which were subsequently converted into Class A preferred shares on a stock split in
the ratio of 1,000 -to- 1. No other preference shares have been issued. These Class A preferred shares are redeemable for Class A
common shares of Legacy Rumble upon a change of control event. As part of the transaction, the holders of these Class A preferred
shares were also granted an option to purchase additional Class A common shares in Legacy Rumble (the Option
Liability at a discount of , subject to certain conditions. The total fair value of this financing arrangement was
determined to be due to the upper limit on the discount price provided to the investors. Gross proceeds of 
were allocated between the Class A preferred shares and the Option Liability by first determining the fair value of the Option
Liability at using a probability weighted scenario over the likelihood of this option to be exercised, with the remaining
 allocated to equity (using a residual value method). Because these Class A preferred shares are redeemable upon an event
that is outside the control of Legacy Rumble, these have been classified and presented as temporary equity on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

were allocated pro rata between the two components: expenses of related to the Option Liability are recorded as finance costs
in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 with the remaining balance recorded against
the value of the Class A preferred shares. 

shares pursuant to
the Business Combination Agreement, and exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company. See Note 2 for further details regarding
the Qualifying Transaction. 

F- 32 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

13. Temporary Equity (Continued) 

The grant date fair value was determined based on the maximum discount
available to these Class A preferred shareholders and the probability of the conditions attached to this option being met. The change
in fair value of this Option Liability is on account of Legacy Rumble s re-assessment of the probability of the conditions attached
to this option at each reporting period. As the Option Liability was exercised on November 24, 2021, , and the balance of the liability was extinguished via an increase to the value of the Class A
common shares issued. See Note 14 for further details. 

shares, consisting of: 

shares of Class A Common Stock with a par value
of per share 

shares of Class C Common Stock with a par value
of per share 

shares of Class D Common Stock with a par value
of per share 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of
 per share 

F- 33 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders Equity (Continued) 

Common Shares (Continued) 

shares of Class C Common Stock, using the Company Exchange Ratio of 24.5713:1.0000 pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement. Additionally, all previously issued and outstanding Legacy Rumble Class A common shares held by Non-Electing Shareholders,
were exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. See Note 2 for further details. 

shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement.
See Note 2 for further details. 

F- 34 

Rumble Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed in
U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders Equity (Continued) 

Common
Shares (Continued) 

votes for each share of Class D Common Stock held at any meeting of
shareholders of the Company. The holders of shares of Class D Common Stock are not entitled to receive dividends and other distributions
declared or paid by the Company. The holders of shares of Class D Common Stock are not entitled to receive the remaining property of
Company upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, whether voluntary or involuntary, and any other distribution of assets of the Company
among its shareholders for the purpose of winding-up of its affairs subject to the rights of the preferred shares and Class A Common
Stock. 

F- 35 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders 
Equity (Continued) 

Common
Shares (Continued) 

, upon closing of the Qualifying Transaction, the Company issued and sold to Mr. Pavlovski 
shares of the Company s Class D Common Stock. 

Legacy Rumble Class B common shares 
 -
 
 - 

Class A Common Stock 

-
 
 -

Class C Common Stock 

-
 
 -

Class D Common Stock 

-
 
 -

Balance 

Legacy Rumble Class A common shares upon the exercise of the Option Liability at a price
of per share for gross cash proceeds of . 

additional shares of the
Company s Class A Common Stock if the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to 
and , respectively (with released at each target, or if the latter target is reached first, for a period of 20 trading
days during any 30 trading-day period. The term is from the closing of the Qualifying Transaction. If there is a change in
control within the five-year period following the closing of the Qualifying Transaction that results in a per share price equal to or
in excess of the and share price milestones not previously met, then the Company shall issue the earnout shares to the
holders of Legacy Rumble common shares. The shares are currently being held in escrow until the contingency is met. 

F- 36 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders 
Equity (Continued) 

Common
Shares (Continued) 

additional shares of the Company s Class
A Common Stock if the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to and , respectively
(with released at each target, or if the latter target is reached first, for a period of 20 trading days during any 30 trading-day
period. The shares are currently being
held in escrow until the contingency is met. 

undiluted interest in the Legacy Rumble s total equity at an exercise price of 
CAD per Legacy Rumble Class B common share and expiration term of years. The warrant is subject to a performance condition that was
met as of December 31, 2021 and the fair value of the warrant on the grant date, estimated to be was recorded in additional
paid-in capital as of December 31, 2021. 

shares of Class A Common Stock, using the Company Exchange Ratio of 24.5713:1.0000 pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement. See Note 2 for further details. 

Restricted Class B common shares as part of certain employment agreements
as well as consideration for the Locals acquisition (Note 4). Certain of these Restricted Class B common shares had a performance
based vesting condition that was met as of December 31, 2021 and the fair value of the restricted stock units on the grant date, estimated
to be was recorded in Legacy Rumble Class B common shares as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 37 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders 
Equity (Continued) 

Restricted
Stock Units (Continued) 

restricted stock units RSUs as part of an employment
agreement. On November 16, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to board members, officers, and consultants. The fair value of the
RSUs is based on the fair value of the restricted stock units on the grant dates. The RSUs have a vesting period over seven
months to . 

which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of years. 

and
 , respectively (2021 - nil and ). 

, rounded down to the nearest whole share, at an exercise price per share equal to the current exercise
price per share for such option divided by , rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 

shares of Class A Common Stock in respect of the options
they hold if the closing price of the Company s Class A Common Stock is greater than or equal to and , respectively
(with released at each target, or if the latter target is reached first, for a period of 20 trading days during any 30 trading-day
period. The term is from the closing of the Qualifying Transaction. If there is a change in control within the five-year period
following the closing of the Qualifying Transaction that results in a per share price equal to or in excess of the and 
share price milestones not previously met, then the Company shall issue the earnout shares to the option holders. 

F- 38 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders 
Equity (Continued) 

Stock
Options (Continued) 

- 
 - 
 
 Share price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 

Volatility 
 - 

Expected life 
 - years 
 years 
 
 Dividend rate 

Granted 

Forfeited 

-
 
 -

Increase on conversion 

-
 
 -

Outstanding, end of period 

Vested and exercisable 

F- 39 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

14. Shareholders 
Equity (Continued) 

Stock
Options (Continued) 

(2021 - which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years (2021 years). 

(2021 - ). Share options outstanding at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 have the following expiry dates and exercise prices: 

2026 

2031 

2031 

2031 

2032 

- 
 - 
 
 2032 

- 
 - 
 
 2040 

2041 

Total 

Weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding 
 
 years 
 
 years 

and , respectively (2021 - nil and ). 

F- 40 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million as of December 31, 2022, which are primarily related
to programming and content, leases, and other service arrangements. The majority of commitments will be paid over five years commencing
in 2023. 

million 2) a patent infringement lawsuit against the Company and 3) a putative class action lawsuit alleging violations of the
Video Privacy Protection Act in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. 

F- 41 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 42 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

16. Fair
Value Measurements (Continued) 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 43 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

17. Financial
Instrument Risks (Continued) 

or
 of revenue (2021 - or ). As of December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of accounts receivable
(2021 - ), which has been collected in the month of January 2023. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - ), of which the Company paid share-based
compensation to key management amounting to (2021 - ). 

from a related party. The purchase price of the domain
license was determined based on a contractually agreed price. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - ).
As of December 31, 2022, accounts payable for personnel service was (2021 - ). 

(2021 - from related parties carrying an interest rate of per annum, for a Company s
subsidiary s domain name. 

F- 44 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

operating segment. 

Canada 

Other 

Canada 

F- 45 

Rumble
Inc. 

Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 46 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

As disclosed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we completed
the Business Combination on September 16, 2022. Prior to the Business Combination, CF VI, our predecessor, was a special purpose acquisition
company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. As a result, previously existing internal controls are no longer applicable or comprehensive
enough as of the assessment date, because CF VI s operations prior to the Business Combination were insignificant compared to those
of the consolidated entity post-Business Combination. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense,
to complete an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are excluding management s
report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 215.02 of the SEC Division of Corporate Finance s Regulation
S-K Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

47 

Part
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

The information required by this Item will be included
in the Proxy Statement under the captions Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance and is incorporated
by reference herein. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item will be included
in the Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item will be included
in the Proxy Statement under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is incorporated by
reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item will be included
in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and are incorporated by
reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item will be
included in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal 2: Ratification of the Selection of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated by reference herein. 

48 

Part
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part
of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements under Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (MNP LLP, PCAOB ID: 1930) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the Financial Statements. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 
 50 

49 

Reference is made to the separate Index to
Exhibits contained on pages 50 through 52 filed herewith. 

All other schedules are omitted since the required information
is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules. 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, by and between CF Acquisition Corp. VI and Rumble Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed on August 12, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Business Combination Agreement, by and between CF Acquisition Corp. VI and Rumble Inc. dated August 24, 2022 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2022). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Plan
 of Arrangement, dated September 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rumble Inc. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Rumble Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of ExchangeCo, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 3.4 
 
 By-Law No. 1 of ExchangeCo (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Provisions Attaching to ExchangeCo Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement dated February 18, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent and CF Acquisition
 Corp. VI (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
 24, 2021). 

50 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 3, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated September 16, 2022, by and among the Company, Computershare Inc., Computershare Trust Company, N.A., and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exchange and Support Agreement, dated September 16, 2022, by and among the Company, ExchangeCo, CallCo and the shareholders of ExchangeCo who hold ExchangeCo Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 16, 2022, by and between CF Acquisition Corp. VI and Christopher Pavlovski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement dated December 1, 2021, by and among CF Acquisition Corp. VI, CFAC Holdings VI, LLC and Rumble Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex E to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed on August 12, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, by and among CF Acquisition Corp. VI, Rumble Inc. and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Annex H to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed on August 12, 2022). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Rumble Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in respect of the Rumble Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (Executives). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in respect of the Rumble Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (Directors). 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement in respect of the Rumble Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (Executives). 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Rumble Inc. Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement in respect of the Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (Time-Based Vesting). 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement in respect of the Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (Cliff Vesting). 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement in respect of the Second Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (Fully Vested). 
 
 10.13+ 
 
 Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Agreement by and between Rumble In. and Assaf Lev, dated as of November 24, 2021. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Share Repurchase Agreement dated December 1, 2021, by and between CF Acquisition Corp. VI and Christopher Pavlovski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2021). 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 16, 2022, by and among the Company, Sponsor and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Google
 AdSense Online Terms of Service (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 1 to
 Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on May 12, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 
 LockerDome, Inc. (now known as Decide) Order Form dated September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on July 15, 2022). 

51 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Business Cooperation Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2022 and effective as of December 31, 2021, by and between Cosmic Inc. and Rumble Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on May 13, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Business Cooperation Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2022 and effective as of December 31, 2021, by and between Kosmik Development Skopje doo and Rumble Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on May 13, 2022). 
 
 10.21+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 4, 2021, by and between Rumble USA Inc. and Michael Ellis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 17, 2022). 
 
 10.22+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and between Rumble USA Inc. and Tyler Hughes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 17, 2022). 
 
 10.23+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Class Common Share Ownership Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 17, 2022). 
 
 10.24+ 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Rumble Inc. and Christopher Pavlovski, effective as of September 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Forward Purchase Contract dated February 18, 2021, by and between CF Acquisition Corp. VI and CFAC Holdings VI, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2021). 
 
 10.26+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2022 by and between Christopher Pavlovski and Rumble Inc. amending Mr. Pavlovski s employment agreement with Rumble Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.27+ 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement by and between Rumble Inc. and Christopher Pavlovski, dated as of September 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Class A Common Stock Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to CF Acquisition Corp. VI s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2021). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and between Rumble Inc. and Michael Ellis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and between Rumble Inc. and Brandon Alexandroff. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 16, 2022, by and between Rumble Inc. and Tyler Hughes. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Rumble Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter of WithumSmith+Brown, PC to the SEC, dated September 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of MNP LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

+ Indicates a management or compensatory plan. 

Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Commission upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

52 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Rumble Inc. 

/s/ Chris Pavlovski 

Name: 
 Chris Pavlovski 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Chris
 Pavlovski 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Chris Pavlovski 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/
 Brandon Alexandroff 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Brandon Alexandroff 
 
 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 Nancy Armstrong 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Nancy Armstrong 

/s/
 Robert Arsov 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Robert Arsov 

/s/
 Paul Cappuccio 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Paul Cappuccio 

/s/
 Ethan Fallang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Ethan Fallang 

/s/
 Ryan Milnes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Ryan Milnes 

53 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_rumbleinc.htm
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF RUMBLE INC

Exhibit 3.1 

CORRECTED
CERTIFICATE 

OF 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

RUMBLE INC. 

Dated March 30, 2023 

Rumble Inc., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), does hereby certify as follows: 

1. The
present name of the Corporation is Rumble Inc. The Corporation was previously known as CF Acquisition Corp. VI and, prior
thereto, as CF Finance Acquisition Corp. V . 

2. The
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate was filed in
the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 15, 2022, and the Certificate requires correction as permitted
by Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

3. The
Certificate so filed is an inaccurate record of the corporate action referred to therein in that, due to certain scrivener s errors,
the Certificate contained obsolete language that did not fully match the form of the Corporation s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that was approved at a special meeting of the Corporation s stockholders held on September 15, 2022, as set forth
in the Corporation s proxy statement/prospectus dated August 11, 2022. 

4. Accordingly,
Sections 4.1(c), 4.3(a)(iii), 7.1(b), 7.2, 7.3, 8.1, 8.2 and Articles XIII and XV of the Certificate are hereby corrected and the Certificate
is restated so as to read in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this Corrected Certificate of Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation this 30th day of March, 2023. 

RUMBLE INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael Ellis 

Name: 
 Michael Ellis 

Title: 
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Exhibit A 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

CF ACQUISITION CORP. VI 

Dated September 15, 2022 and 

Effective as of September 16,
2022 

CF Acquisition Corp. VI, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY
CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The
original name of the Corporation was CF Finance Acquisition Corp. V, which subsequently changed to CF Acquisition
Corp. VI. The original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on April 17, 2020 (the Original Certificate ). The certificate of amendment of the Original Certificate was
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 1, 2020. 

2. An
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which amended and restated the Original Certificate in its entirety, was filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 18, 2021 (the Existing Certificate ). 

3. This
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Second Amended and Restated Certificate ), which
changes the name of the Corporation to Rumble Inc. and amends and restates the Existing Certificate in its entirety, has
been approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the DGCL and has been adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation at a meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Section 211 of the DGCL. 

4. This
Second Amended and Restated Certificate shall become effective at 12:01 a.m., Eastern time, on September 16, 2022, which is the day immediately
following the date of filing of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

5. The
text of the Existing Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read in full as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 
NAME 

Section 1.1 Name . The name of
the Corporation is Rumble Inc. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE
II 
REGISTERED AGENT 

Section 2.1 Address .
The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County of New
Castle, State of Delaware, 19808, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

ARTICLE
III 
PURPOSE 

Section 3.1 Purpose .
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under
the DGCL. 

2 

ARTICLE
IV 
CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized Capital Stock;
Rights and Options . 

(a) The
total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000,000,000 shares, consisting of: (i)
20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share Preferred Stock ); (ii) 700,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ); (iii) 170,000,000 shares
of Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class C Common Stock ); and (iv) 110,000,000
shares of Class D common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class D Common Stock and, together
with the Class A Common Stock and the Class C Common Stock, the Common Stock ). 

(b) The
number of authorized shares of any of the Preferred Stock, Class A Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or Class D Common
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class or series then outstanding or issuable upon the
exchange of other classes of capital stock of the Company or other securities of the Company that are exchangeable for or convertible
into shares of any such class or series of capital stock of the Corporation) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting
power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or
any successor provision thereto), and no separate class vote of the holders of any of the Preferred Stock, the Class A Common Stock,
the Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock shall be required therefor, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Amended and Restated Certificate (including pursuant to any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock). 

(c) Subject
to the DGCL and the other terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate, on or following the Effective Date, the Corporation may issue
from time to time additional shares of Class A Common Stock from the authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, including
as provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate. Following the Effective Date, the Corporation shall not issue any shares of Class
C Common Stock except in connection with the exchange of Company Common Shares (as defined in the BCA) for ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares
and shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Arrangement or as contemplated under Section 4.3(d). Following the Effective Date,
the Corporation shall not issue any shares of Class D Common Stock except in connection with the subscription for shares of Class D Common
Stock by the Key Individual in connection with the closing of the BCA Transaction as contemplated by the BCA or as contemplated under
Section 4.3(d). 

(d) The
Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation
any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s)
approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board or any committee thereof that is empowered
with the foregoing right by the Board. The Board or any such committee thereof is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times
for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the consideration to be
received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. The Corporation shall
at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of capital stock a number of shares of the class of
capital stock issuable pursuant to any such rights, warrants and options outstanding from time to time. 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock . 

(a) The
Board is hereby expressly authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the DGCL, by resolution or resolutions, at any time and
from time to time, to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series of Preferred Stock and, with respect
to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting powers (if any)
of the shares of such series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series and to cause to be filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware a certificate of designation with respect thereto. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional
and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ
from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. 

3 

(b) Except
as otherwise required by law, holders of a series of Preferred Stock, as such, shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as
shall expressly be granted thereto by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any certificate of designation relating to such
series). 

Section 4.3 Common
Stock . The powers, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations
and restrictions of the Class A Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock and the Class D Common Stock are as follows: 

(a) Voting
Rights . 

(i) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certification or as provided by law, each holder of record of Class A
Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder
on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote, including the election or removal of directors, or holders of Class A
Common Stock as a separate class are entitled to vote pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate or applicable law. 

(ii) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate or as provided by law, each holder of record of Class C
Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of Class C Common Stock held of record by such holder
on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote, including the election or removal of directors, or holders of Class C
Common Stock as a separate class are entitled to vote pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate or applicable law. 

(iii) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate or as provided by law, each holder of record of Class D
Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to 11.2663 votes for each share of Class D Common Stock held of record by such holder on
all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote, including the election or removal of directors, or holders of Class D
Common Stock as a separate class are entitled to vote pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate or applicable law. 

(iv) Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate or required by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock having
the right to vote in respect of such Common Stock shall vote together as a single class (or, if the holders of one or more series of Preferred
Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Common Stock having the right to vote in respect of such Common Stock, as a single
class with the holders of such series of Preferred Stock) on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders having voting rights
generally. 

(v) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3(a) , to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of Common Stock, as
such, shall have no voting power under this Amended and Restated Certificate with respect to, and shall not be entitled to vote on, any
amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock)
that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled,
either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon under this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) or under the DGCL. The foregoing provisions of this clause (v) shall
not limit any voting power granted to holders of Common Stock or any class thereof in the terms of such Preferred Stock. 

4 

(b) Dividends
and Distributions . 

(i) Class A
Common Stock . Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any
other class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock with respect to
the payment of dividends and other distributions in cash, stock of the Corporation or property of the Corporation, each share of Class A
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, Ratably with other Participating Shares, such dividends and other distributions as may from
time to time be declared by the Board in its discretion out of the assets of the Corporation that are by law available therefor at such
times and in such amounts as the Board in its discretion shall determine. 

(ii) Class C
Common Stock . Except as contemplated by Section 4.3(b)(iv) of this Amended and Restated Certificate, dividends and other distributions
shall not be declared or paid on the Class C Common Stock. 

(iii) Class D
Common Stock . Except as contemplated by Section 4.3(b)(iv) of this Amended and Restated Certificate, dividends and other distributions
shall not be declared or paid on the Class D Common Stock. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the preceding subsections (i) - (iii) , dividends may be declared on any one class of
Common Stock payable in additional shares of such class if, substantially concurrently therewith, like dividends are declared on each
other class of Common Stock payable in additional shares of such other class at the same rate per share. 

(c) Liquidation,
Dissolution or Winding Up . 

(i) In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision
for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and of the preferential and other amounts, if any, to which the holders
of Preferred Stock or any other class or series of stock having a preference over any Participating Shares as to distributions upon dissolution
or liquidation or winding up shall be entitled, the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be distributed Ratably to the Participating
Shares. 

(ii) In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, (A) the holders
of shares of the Class C Common Stock, in their capacity as such, shall be entitled to receive the par value of such shares of Class C
Common Stock and (B) the holders of shares of the Class D Common Stock, in their capacity as such, shall be entitled to receive
the par value of such shares of Class D Common Stock, in each case Ratably on a per share basis with the Participating Shares until
such par value per share has been paid and thereafter the holders of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock, in each case in their
capacity as such, shall not be entitled to any further payments or distributions in respect of such shares of Class C Common Stock or
Class D Common Stock. Other than as set forth in the preceding sentence, the holders of shares of the Class C Common Stock and Class D
Common Stock, in their capacity as such, shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the Corporation in the event of any voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. 

(d) Splits .
If the Corporation at any time combines or subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, amendment
of this Amended and Restated Certificate, scheme, plan, arrangement or otherwise) the number of shares of any class or series of Common
Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares, the shares of each other class or series shall be proportionately similarly combined
or subdivided. Any adjustment described in this Section 4.3(d) shall become effective at the close of business on
the date the combination or subdivision becomes effective. 

(e) No
Preemptive or Subscription Rights . No holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights. 

5 

ARTICLE
V 
CERTAIN MATTERS RELATING TO TRANSFERS 

Section 5.1 Mandatory Redemption of Shares
of Class C Common Stock . 

(a) Concurrently
with the issuance or transfer of any shares of Class A Common Stock to a holder of ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares (a Selling
Shareholder upon the redemption, retraction or sale to ExchangeCo or CallCo, as applicable, of any ExchangeCo Exchangeable
Shares held by such Selling Shareholder pursuant to the terms of the ExchangeCo Governing Documents and/or the Exchange Agreement, an
equivalent number of shares of Class C Common Stock held by such Selling Shareholder shall, automatically and without further action
on the part of the Corporation or any holder of shares of Class C Common Stock (including such Selling Shareholder), be redeemed
by the Corporation at the par value of such shares and retired. 

(b) If,
in accordance with the terms of the BCA, any ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares held by the Escrow Agent on behalf of a Selling Shareholder
are forfeited and cancelled, then, concurrently with such forfeiture and cancellation, that number of shares of Class C Common Stock held
by such Selling Shareholder, or by the Escrow Agent on behalf of such Selling Shareholder, equal to the number of such ExchangeCo Exchangeable
Shares that are so forfeited and cancelled shall, automatically without further action on the part of the Corporation or any such holder,
be redeemed by the Corporation at the par value of such share and retired. 

Section 5.2 Mandatory
Redemption of Shares of Class D Common Stock . 

(a) Upon
the Transfer (other than a Permitted Transfer or a Transfer in connection with the repurchase under the Key Individual Share Repurchase
Agreement) by any Qualified Stockholder of any shares of Class A Common Stock or any ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares, that number of shares
(rounded up to the nearest whole number) of Class D Common Stock equal to the number of such Transferred shares of Class A Common Stock
or ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares (as the case may be) shall, automatically without further action on the part of the Corporation, such
Qualified Stockholder or any Class D Holder, be redeemed by the Corporation, on a Pro Rata Share basis among all of the Class D Holders,
at the par value of such share and retired. 

(b) Upon
the death or Incapacity of the Key Individual, each share of Class D Common Stock then outstanding shall, automatically without further
action on the part of the Corporation or the holder of any such shares, be redeemed by the Corporation at the par value of such share
and retired. 

(c) (i)
If, in accordance with the terms of the BCA, any Seller Escrow Shares held by the Escrow Agent on behalf of the Key Individual are forfeited
and cancelled, then, concurrently with such forfeiture and cancellation, that number of shares (rounded up to the nearest whole number)
of Class D Common Stock equal to the number of such forfeited Seller Escrow Shares shall, automatically without further action on the
part of the Corporation, the Key Individual or any Class D Holder, be redeemed by the Corporation, on a Pro Rata Share basis among all
of the Class D Holders, at the par value of such share and retired. 

(ii) If, in accordance with
the terms of any executive employment agreement of the Key Individual (an Employment Agreement ), any restricted
Class A Common Stock issued to the Key Individual as part of his Initial Equity Award (as defined in the Employment Agreement) are forfeited
and cancelled, then, concurrently with such forfeiture and cancellation, that number of shares (rounded up to the nearest whole number)
of Class D Common Stock equal to the number of such forfeited Class A Common Stock shall, automatically without further action on the
part of the Corporation, the Key Individual or any Class D Holder, be cancelled by the Corporation, on a Pro Rata Share basis among all
of the Class D Holders. 

6 

(d) If
any shares of Class D Common Stock are Transferred to a Qualified Class D Transferee in accordance with Section 5.4(b) and, following
such Transfer, the transferee ceases to be a Qualified Class D Transferee, then immediately upon such transferee ceasing to be a Qualified
Class D Transferee all of the shares of Class D Common Stock held by such former Qualified Class D Transferee shall forthwith (and in
any event within 10 days) be Transferred back to the Key Individual, failing which such shares of Class D Common Stock shall, automatically
without further action on the part of the Corporation or such transferee, be redeemed by the Corporation at the par value of such share
and retired. If the Key Individual has died or has suffered an Incapacity (or such shares are otherwise not accepted by the Key Individual
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence), the shares of Class D Common Stock shall automatically without further action on the
part of the Corporation or such transferee, be redeemed by the Corporation at the par value of such share and retired. 

Section 5.3 Cancellation .
Upon, and effective as of, the redemption of any shares of Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock in accordance with Section
5.1 or Section 5.2 , such shares shall be cancelled and the holder of such shares shall cease to have any rights as a holder
of such shares (including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the right to exercise any votes in respect of such shares)
other than the right to receive from the Corporation the par value of such shares. Upon presentation by the holder to the Corporation
of any certificates that, prior to the cancelation of such shares of Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock, as the case
may be, represented shares of Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock so cancelled, the Corporation shall pay to such holder
the par value to which such holder is entitled. Any shares that are redeemed by the Corporation in accordance with Section 5.1 
or Section 5.2 shall not be disposed of out of treasury or otherwise reissued. 

Section 5.4 Certain
Restrictions on Transfer . 

(a) No
Transfer of shares of Class C Common Stock may be made unless (i) such Transfer is made to a Permitted Transferee and the Transferor
concurrently Transfers to such Permitted Transferee an equal number of ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the ExchangeCo Governing Documents, (ii) such Transfer is made to the Corporation in connection with the redemption of such
shares in accordance with Section 5.1 , (iii) such Transfer is in connection with any pledge or other encumbrance of shares of ExchangeCo
Exchangeable Shares and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to a bona fide financing transaction and a Transfer
of any such shares results from any foreclosure thereon, (iv) such Transfer is a Permitted Transfer pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition
thereof or (v) such Transfer is approved by the Board or a duly constituted committee thereof and the Transferor concurrently Transfers
an equal number of ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares to the Transferee in accordance with the terms and conditions of the ExchangeCo Governing
Documents. 

(b) No
Transfer of shares of Class D Common Stock may be made unless: 

(i) each
of the following conditions are satisfied: 

(A) such
Transfer is made to (i) a Person of which the Key Individual owns and has control over 100 of the voting shares or (ii) a Permitted Transferee
for so long as the Key Individual retains sole voting power over the Class D Common Stock held by such Permitted Transferee (a Qualified
Class D Transferee ); 

(B) concurrent
with such Transfer, the Transferor must transfer to the Transferee an equal number of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or ExchangeCo
Exchangeable Shares; provided that if the Transferor transfers ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares in connection with this clause (B),
then it must also concurrently transfer an equal number of shares of Class C Common Stock to the Transferee; and 

(C) the
Transferor and the Transferee each provide an undertaking in favor of the Corporation that they shall ensure that the Transferee remains
a Qualified Class D Transferee at all times that the Transferee owns any shares of Class D Common Stock; or 

(ii) such
Transfer is a Permitted Transfer pursuant to clause (iii) of the definition thereof; or 

(iii) such
Transfer is made to the Corporation in connection with the redemption of such shares in accordance with Section 5.2 . 

(c) Any
Transfer of shares of Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock in violation of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate shall
be void ab initio . 

7 

ARTICLE
VI 
BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred by the DGCL, the Board is expressly authorized to make, amend, alter, change, add to or repeal the by-laws of
the Corporation (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the Bylaws without the consent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or this Amended
and Restated Certificate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate or any provision
of the DGCL, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the total voting power of all the then outstanding shares of
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (other than the Class A Director (as defined below) or
any other director who is elected by a particular class or series of stock of the Corporation), voting together as a single class, shall
be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to alter, amend, repeal or rescind, in whole or in part, any such provision of the
Bylaws, or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith. 

ARTICLE
VII 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 7.1 Board of Directors . 

(a) Board
Powers . Except as otherwise provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. 

(b) Number,
Election and Term . 

(i) Except
as otherwise provided for or fixed in any certificate of designation with respect to any series of Preferred Stock, the total number of
directors constituting the whole Board shall be determined from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by the Board. 

(ii) Subject
to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding in respect of any directors elected
by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or together with one or more such series, as the case may
be (such directors, the Preferred Stock Directors ), the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality
of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon; provided,
however, that the election of one (1) director, as determined by the Board, shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect
of the Class A Common Stock by the stockholders that hold such shares of Class A Common Stock (in their capacity as such) that are present
in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon (such director so elected by the holders of Class A Common
Stock, in their capacity as such, the Class A Director ). 

(iii) Subject
to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding in respect of any Preferred Stock Directors,
each director shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which such director shall have been elected and until his or her
successor shall be elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from
office. 

(iv) Directors
of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot, unless the Bylaws shall so provide. 

(v) No
stockholder entitled to vote at an election for directors may cumulate votes. 

Section 7.2 Newly-Created
Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding
in respect of any Preferred Stock Directors, any newly-created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of
directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board (whether by death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause)
shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining
director (and not by the stockholders). Any director (other than a Preferred Stock Director) elected to fill a vacancy or newly created
directorship shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which such director shall have been elected and until his or her successor
shall be elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

8 

Section 7.3 Resignation
and Removal . Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any electronic transmission
permitted by the Bylaws. Any or all of the directors (other than any Preferred Stock Director) may be removed, with or without cause,
only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, provided, however, that the Class A Director
may be removed, with or without cause, only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock as of any applicable record date established by the Board, voting together as a single class. In case the Board or any
one or more directors should be so removed, new directors may be elected in accordance with Section 7.2 . 

Section 7.4 Preferred
Stock Directors . Whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right,
voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more such other series, to elect Preferred Stock Directors, then the
election, term of office, removal and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of this Amended and Restated
Certificate (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) applicable thereto. Notwithstanding Section
7.1(b) , the number of directors that may be elected by the holders of any such series of Preferred Stock shall be in addition to the
number fixed in accordance with Section 7.1(b) hereof, and the total number of directors constituting the whole Board
shall be automatically adjusted accordingly and whenever the holders of any series of Preferred Stock having such right to elect Preferred
Stock Directors are divested of such right, the terms of office of all such Preferred Stock Directors shall forthwith terminate (in which
case each such director thereupon shall cease to be qualified as, and shall cease to be, a director) and the total authorized number of
directors of the Corporation shall automatically be reduced accordingly. 

Section 7.5 Quorum .
A quorum for the transaction of business by the directors shall be set forth in the Bylaws. 

ARTICLE
VIII 
CONSENT OF STOCKHOLDERS IN LIEU OF MEETING; 
ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 8.1 Consent
of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. At any time when the Qualified Stockholders and their Permitted Transferees beneficially own,
in the aggregate, more than 66.666 or more of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors (other than the Class A Director or any other director who is elected by a particular class or series of stock of the Corporation),
any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed
by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance
with the Bylaws and applicable law. At any time when the Qualified Stockholders and their Permitted Transferees beneficially own, in the
aggregate, 66.666 or less of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special
meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action required
or permitted to be taken by the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or series or separately as a class with one or
more other such series or classes, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, to the extent expressly so
provided by the applicable certificate of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock. 

Section 8.2 Meetings
of Stockholders . Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock,
special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called only by or at the direction of the Board,
the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or as otherwise expressly provided in the Bylaws. An annual meeting of stockholders
for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come
before the meeting, shall be held at such place, if any, on such date, and at such time as shall be fixed exclusively by resolution of
the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof. 

Section 8.3 Stock
Ledger . In connection with any action of stockholders taken at a meeting or by written consent (if action by written consent of
the stockholders is not prohibited at such time under the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate), the stock ledger of the Corporation
shall be presumptive evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and
the class or classes or series of shares held by each such stockholder and the number of shares of each class or classes or series held
by such stockholder. 

9 

ARTICLE
IX 
LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 9.1 Limited
Liability of Directors . To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the Corporation will have any personal liability
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL is amended to
authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the
Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. Neither the amendment nor the repeal
of this Article IX shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of
a director of the Corporation existing prior to such amendment or repeal. 

Section 9.2 Indemnification and Advancement
of Expenses . 

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold
harmless each Person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (for purposes of this Section 9.2 ,
a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or,
while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, member, manager, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit
entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an Indemnitee ), whether the basis of such
Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, member, manager, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity
acting on behalf or at the request of the Corporation while serving as a director, member, manager, officer, employee or agent, against
all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such Indemnitee in connection
with such Proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys 
fees) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding
shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately
be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 9.2 or otherwise. The rights
to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 9.2 shall be contract rights and such rights
shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or
her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.2(a) , except for
Proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to
an Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof)
was authorized by the Board. 

(b) The
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any Indemnitee by this Section 9.2 shall not
be exclusive of any other rights that any Indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the
Bylaws, insurance, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any
repeal or amendment of this Section 9.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption
of any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 9.2 , shall, unless otherwise
required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any
right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any Proceeding
(regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring
prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

(d) This Section 9.2 shall
not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses
to Persons other than Indemnitees. 

(e) The
Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance (or be named insured on the insurance policy of an affiliate), on
behalf of the Indemnitees and such other Persons as the Board shall determine, in its sole discretion, against any liability that may
be asserted against, or expense that may be incurred by, such Person in connection with such Person s activities on behalf of the
Corporation, regardless of whether the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions
of this Amended and Restated Certificate. 

10 

ARTICLE
X 
DGCL SECTION 203 

The Corporation hereby expressly elects not to
be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE
XI 
CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 

Except with respect to any
corporate opportunity expressly offered or presented to any Indemnitee who is a director (but not an officer or employee of the Corporation)
(a Covered Person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of, through his or her service to,
or pursuant to a contract with, the Corporation and its Subsidiaries (an Excluded Opportunity ), to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, each Covered Person shall have the right to engage in businesses of every type and description and
other activities for profit, and to engage in and possess an interest in other business ventures of any and every type or description,
whether in businesses engaged in or anticipated to be engaged in by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, independently or with
others, including business interests and activities in direct competition with the business and activities of the Corporation or any of
its Subsidiaries, with no obligation to offer the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries the right to participate therein. Nothing in
this Amended and Restated Certificate, including (without limitation) the foregoing sentence, shall be deemed to supersede any other agreement
to which a Covered Person may be a party or the rights of any other party thereto restricting such Covered Person s ability to have
certain business interests or engage in certain business activities or ventures. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, but
subject to the immediately preceding sentence, neither the Corporation nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have any rights in any business
interests, activities or ventures of any Covered Person that are not Excluded Opportunities, and the Corporation hereby waives and renounces
any interest or expectancy therein. 

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, but without limiting any separate agreement to which a Covered Person may be party with the Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries, and except with respect to any Excluded Opportunities, (i) the engagement in competitive activities by any Covered Person
in accordance with the provisions of this Article XI is hereby deemed approved by the Corporation, all stockholders and
all Persons acquiring an interest in the stock of the Corporation, (ii) it shall not be a breach of any Covered Person s duties
or any other obligation of any type whatsoever of any Covered Person if a Covered Person engages in, or directs to another Person, any
such business interests or activities in preference to or to the exclusion of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) no
Covered Person shall be liable to the Corporation, any stockholder of the Corporation or any other Person who acquires an interest in
the stock of the Corporation, by reason of the fact that such Covered Person pursues or acquires a business opportunity that is not an
Excluded Opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another Person, or does not communicate such opportunity or information to
the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries. 

In addition to and without
limiting the foregoing provisions of this Article XI , a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential corporate
opportunity for the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation and its Subsidiaries
are neither financially or legally able, nor contractually permitted to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the business
of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries or is of no practical advantage to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, (iii) is one in which
the Corporation and its Subsidiaries have no interest or reasonable expectancy, or (iv) is one presented to any account for the benefit
of a Covered Person or an Affiliate of Covered Person (other than the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries) over which such Covered
Person has no direct or indirect influence or control, including, but not limited to, a blind trust. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, but without limiting any separate agreement to which a Covered Person may be party with the Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries, no Covered Person shall (x) have any duty to present business opportunities that are not Excluded Opportunities to the Corporation
or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) be liable to the Corporation, any stockholder of the Corporation or any other Person who acquires an
interest in the stock of the Corporation, by reason of the fact that such Covered Person pursues or acquires a business opportunity that
is not an Excluded Opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information
to the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries. 

11 

For avoidance of doubt, the
foregoing paragraphs of this Article XI are intended to renounce with respect to the Covered Persons, to the fullest
extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, any interest or expectancy of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunities that are not Excluded Opportunities, and this Article XI shall
be construed to effect such renunciation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. 

Any Covered Person may, directly
or indirectly, (i) acquire stock of the Corporation, and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to stock of the
Corporation and (ii) except as otherwise expressly provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate, exercise all rights of a stockholder
of the Corporation relating to such stock, options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights. 

To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be
deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article XI . 

ARTICLE
XII 
SEVERABILITY 

If any provision of this Amended
and Restated Certificate shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever,
the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Amended
and Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall
not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

ARTICLE
XIII 
FORUM 

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation,
(b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or
stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting such alleged
breach, (c) any action asserting a claim arising under any provision of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate (as it may
be amended or restated) or the Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Delaware Court of Chancery or (d) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware shall, in each case, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, be solely and exclusively brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this
provision, including any derivative action , shall not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal
and state jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Delaware Court of Chancery lacks subject matter jurisdiction
over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court
located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within
the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court
lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation shall
be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XIII . 

12 

ARTICLE
XIV 
AMENDMENTS 

Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate in addition to any separate vote of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
required under the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate may be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority
of the total voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class. 

ARTICLE
XV 
DEFINITIONS 

Section 15.1 Definitions .
As used in this Amended and Restated Certificate, the following terms have the following meanings, unless clearly indicated to the contrary: 

(a) 501(c)
Organization means an entity that is exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) or Section 501(c)(4) of the
Internal Revenue Code (or any successor provision thereto) or an equivalent or analogous provision of the laws of any jurisdiction other
than the United States. 

(b) Affiliate 
of any particular Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person, where control 
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person whether through the ownership
of voting securities, its capacity as a sole or managing member or otherwise. 

(c) Arrangement 
has the meaning set forth in the BCA. 

(d) BCA 
means that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, by and among the Corporation and Rumble, Inc., as the
same may be amended, restated, supplemented or waived from time to time. 

(e) BCA
Transaction means the business combination transactions contemplated by the BCA. 

(f)
 CallCo means 1000045707 Ontario Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada,
and a Subsidiary of the Corporation. 

(g) Charitable
Trust means a trust that is a 501(c) Organization (whether a determination letter with respect to such exemption is issued
before, at or after the Effective Date), and further includes any successor entity that is a 501(c) Organization upon a conversion of,
or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of, a Charitable Trust to such successor entity (whether a determination letter
with respect to such successor s exemption is issued before, at or after the conversion date). 

(h) Class
D Holder means a holder of shares of Class D Common Stock. 

(i) Effective
Date means the date of the filing and effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware. 

(j) Escrow
Agent has the meaning set forth in the BCA. 

(k) Exchange 
has the meaning given to such term in the Exchange Agreement. 

13 

(l) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(m)
 Exchange Agreement means the Exchange and Support Agreement, dated on or about the Effective Date, by and
among the Corporation, ExchangeCo, CallCo and the other Persons party thereto (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof). 

(n) ExchangeCo 
means 1000045728 Ontario Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, and a Subsidiary of the Corporation. 

(o) ExchangeCo
Exchangeable Shares means exchangeable shares of ExchangeCo, exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to
the terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Exchange Agreement and the ExchangeCo Governing Documents. 

(p) ExchangeCo
Governing Documents means the articles of incorporation and the bylaws of ExchangeCo, dated as of December 6, 2021 as may
be amended, restated or modified from time to time in accordance with the respective terms thereof. 

(q) Family
Member , with respect to any Person who is an individual, means; 

(i) such
Person s spouse, former spouse, ancestors and descendants (whether natural or adopted), parents and their descendants and any spouse
of the foregoing persons (collectively, relatives ); 

(ii) any
trust, family partnership or estate- or tax-planning vehicle the sole economic beneficiaries of which are such Person or such Person s
relatives; 

(iii) the
trustee, fiduciary, executor or personal representative of such Person with respect to any entity described in the immediately preceding
clause (b); and 

(iv) any
limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity the governing instruments of which provide that such Person
(or such Person s relatives or executor) shall have the power to direct the management and policies of such entity and of which
the sole owners of partnership interests, membership interests or any other equity interests are, and will remain, limited to such Person
and such Person s relatives. 

(r) Incapacity 
 means, with respect to an individual, that (i) such individual is incapable of managing his or her
financial affairs under the criteria set forth in the applicable probate code and (ii) that such condition can be expected to result in
death or has lasted or can reasonably be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months as determined
by a licensed medical practitioner. In the event of a dispute regarding whether an individual has suffered an Incapacity, no Incapacity
of such individual will be deemed to have occurred unless and until an affirmative ruling regarding such Incapacity has been made in a
final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(s) Internal
Revenue Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(t)
 Key Individual means Chris Pavlovski. 

(u) Key
Individual Share Repurchase Agreement has the meaning set forth in the BCA. 

14 

(v)
 Participating Shares means (i) shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) shares of any other
class or series of Common Stock or Preferred Stock to the extent that, in accordance with the terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any certificate of designation adopted pursuant to the terms hereof), such shares are entitled to participate with Class A
Common Stock in, as applicable, (x) dividends or distributions paid by the Corporation, or (y) any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shares of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock shall not
be considered Participating Shares except, solely in the case of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, to the extent
provided in Section 4.3(c)(ii) . 

(w) Permitted
Transfer means any Transfer that is (i) made to a Permitted Transferee upon prior written notice to the Corporation,
(ii) a transfer of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock to the Corporation,
including pursuant to Section 5.1(b) , (iii) made pursuant to any liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction subsequent to the consummation of the BCA Transaction which results in all of the Corporation s stockholders exchanging
or having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; or (iv) in the case of ExchangeCo
Exchangeable Shares, any Transfer that is expressly permitted under the terms of the Exchange Agreement or the ExchangeCo Governing Documents
(other than under Section 3.10(e) of the Exchange Agreement or Section 16(e) of the share terms for such ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares). 

(x) Permitted
Transferee means: (A) with respect to any Person, (i) any Family Member of such Person, (ii) any Affiliate
of such Person, (iii) any Affiliate of any Family Member of such Person, or (iv) if such Person is a natural person, (a) by
virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such individual or (b) in accordance with a qualified domestic relations
order; and (B) with respect to any Qualified Stockholder, (i) the Persons referred to in clause (A) with
respect to such Qualified Stockholder and (ii) any Qualified Transferee of such Qualified Stockholder. 

(y) Person 
means an individual, a sole proprietorship, a corporation, a partnership, limited liability company, a limited partnership, a joint venture,
an association, a trust, or any other entity or organization, including a government or a political subdivision, agency or instrumentality
thereof. 

(z) Pro
Rata Share means, with respect to the redemption of any shares of Class D Common Stock held by a Class D Holder, that number
of shares of Class D Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole number) equal to the quotient obtained when (a) the total number of
shares of Class D Common Stock held by such Class D Holder is divided by (b) the total number of shares of Class D Common Stock
held by all Class D Holders. 

(aa) Qualified
Entity means, with respect to a Qualified Stockholder: (a) a Qualified Trust solely for the benefit of (i) such
Qualified Stockholder, or (ii) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder; (b) any general partnership, limited
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, public benefit corporation or other entity with respect to which Voting Control is
held by or which is wholly owned, individually or collectively, by (i) such Qualified Stockholder, (ii) one or more Family Members
of such Qualified Stockholder or (iii) any other Qualified Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; (c) any Charitable Trust validly
created by a Qualified Stockholder; (d) a revocable living trust, which revocable living trust is itself both a Qualified Trust and
a Qualified Stockholder, during the lifetime of the natural person grantor of such trust; and (e) any 501(c) Organization or Supporting
Organization over which (i) such Qualified Stockholder, (ii) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder or (iii) any
other Qualified Entity of such Qualified Stockholder, individually or collectively, control the appointment of a majority of all trustees,
board members, or members of a similar governing body, as applicable. 

(bb) Qualified
Stockholder means (i) the Key Individual, or (ii) a Qualified Transferee of the Key Individual. 

15 

(cc) Qualified Transfer 
means any Transfer of a share or shares of Common Stock: 

(i) by
a Qualified Stockholder (or the estate of a deceased Qualified Stockholder) to (A) one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder
or (B) any Qualified Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; 

(ii) by
a Qualified Entity of a Qualified Stockholder to (A) such Qualified Stockholder or one or more Family Members of such Qualified Stockholder
or (B) any other Qualified Entity of such Qualified Stockholder; or 

(iii) by
a Qualified Stockholder to a 501(c) Organization or a Supporting Organization, as well as any Transfer by a 501(c) Organization to a Supporting
Organization of which such 501(c) Organization (x) is a supported organization (within the meaning of Section 509(f)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code (or any successor provision thereto)), and (y) has the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors. 

(dd) Qualified
Transferee means a transferee of shares of Common Stock received in a Transfer that constitutes a Qualified Transfer. 

(ee) Qualified
Trust means a bona fide trust where each trustee is (a) a Qualified Stockholder, (b) a Family Member of a Qualified
Stockholder or (c) a professional in the business of providing trustee services, including private professional fiduciaries, trust
companies, accounting, legal or financial advisor, or bank trust departments. 

(ff) Ratably 
means, with respect to Participating Shares (determined pursuant to the definition of Participating Shares , as of the applicable
time), on a per share basis. If, after the Effective Date, other terms are approved by the Corporation with respect to participation of
any class or series of capital stock in residual distributions of the Corporation and are set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate
or any certificate of designation with respect to Preferred Stock, Ratably shall automatically be adjusted to take account
of such other terms. 

(gg) Seller
Escrow Shares has the meaning set forth in the BCA, and shall include any Tandem Option Earnout Shares delivered to the
Escrow Agent in accordance with Section 2.15(g) of the BCA. 

(hh) Subsidiary 
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, joint venture or partnership of which such Person (a) beneficially
owns, either directly or indirectly, at least 50 of (i) the total combined economic equity interests of such entity or (ii) the total
combined voting power of all classes of voting securities of such entity (including by such Person s direct or indirect control
of the general partner, manager, managing member or similar governing body of such entity, as applicable); or (b) otherwise has the power
to vote or to direct the voting of sufficient securities to elect a majority of the board of directors, board of managers or similar governing
body of such entity, or otherwise control such entity. 

(ii) Supporting
Organization means an entity that is exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) or Section 501(c)(4) and described
in Section 509(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor provision thereto). 

(jj) Tandem
Option Earnout Shares has the meaning set forth in the BCA. 

(kk) Transfer 
means, when used as a noun, any voluntary or involuntary transfer, sale, pledge or hypothecation or other disposition by the Transferor
(whether by operation of law or otherwise) and, when used as a verb, the Transferor voluntarily or involuntarily, transfers, sells, pledges
or hypothecates or otherwise disposes of (whether by operation of law or otherwise), including, in each case, (a) the establishment or
increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to, or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of
Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any security or (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another
Person, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled
by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Amended and Restated
Certificate, no Exchange of ExchangeCo Exchangeable Shares for any shares of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation not prohibited by
the ExchangeCo Governing Documents or the Exchange Agreement shall constitute a Transfer hereunder. The terms Transferee , 
 Transferor , Transferred , and other forms of the word Transfer 
shall have the correlative meanings. 

(ll) Voting
Control (x) with respect to a share of Common Stock means the power, directly or indirectly (whether exclusive or, solely
among Qualified Individuals, shared), to vote or direct the voting of such share by proxy, voting agreement or otherwise and (y) with
respect to any Person, means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise and, in any event and without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, any Person owning a majority of the voting power of the voting securities of another Person shall be deemed to have
voting control of that Person. 

16 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.4>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-4_rumbleinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

General 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 700,000,000
shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Rumble Inc. Rumble , and such class of stock, the Class A
Common Stock ), 170,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Rumble (the Class C
Common Stock ), 110,000,000 shares of Class D Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Rumble (the Class D
Common Stock ), and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Rumble (the Preferred Stock ).
The following description of our capital stock is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rumble
Charter and Bylaws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to the applicable provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). 

The Rumble Charter provides that the number of authorized
shares of any of the preferred Stock, Class A Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock may be increased
or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class or series then outstanding or issuable upon the exchange of other classes
of capital stock of Rumble or other securities of Rumble that are exchangeable for or convertible into shares of any such class or series
of capital stock of Rumble) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of Rumble entitled to vote
thereon. 

The following table sets forth a summary the materials
terms of the Rumble Charter. This summary is qualified by reference to the complete text of the Rumble Charter, a copy of which is filed
as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are encouraged to read the Rumble Charter in its entirety for a more complete description
of its terms. 

References in this summary to ExchangeCo 
are to 1000045728 Ontario Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, and an indirect, wholly owned
subsidiary of Rumble, and references to ExchangeCo Shares are to the exchangeable shares of ExchangeCo. 

Subject Matter 
 
 Rumble Charter 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders and the holders of the Class D Common Stock are entitled to a number of votes per share that represent 85 of the voting power of Rumble on a fully-diluted basis . 

Distributions and Dividends 
 
 The Rumble Charter provides that, subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock or any other class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and other distributions in cash, stock of Rumble or property of Rumble, each share of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, ratably, such dividends and other distributions as may from time to time be declared by the Rumble Board. Unless like dividends are declared on each other class of common stock substantially concurrently with Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock, dividends shall not be declared or paid on Class C Common Stock or Class D Common Stock. 

Classified Board 
 
 There is a single class of directors (other than those directors elected by the holders of any series of preferred stock, voting separately as a series or together with one or more such series, as the case may be (such directors the Preferred Stock Directors )). Subject to the rights granted to the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock then outstanding in respect of any Preferred Stock Directors, the election of directors will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon; provided, however, that the election of one (1) director will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the Class A Common Stock by the stockholders that hold shares of Class A Common Stock (in their capacity as such) that are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon (such director so elected by the holders of Class A Common Stock, in their capacity as such, the Class A Director ). 

Subject Matter 
 
 Rumble Charter 

Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. 

Shareholder Action by Consent Without a Meeting 

The Rumble Charter provides that, at any time when the Qualified Stockholders
 (as defined therein) and their Permitted Transferees (as defined therein) beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than 66.666 or more
 of the voting power of the stock of Rumble entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (other than the Class A Director
 (as defined above) or any other director who is elected by a particular class or series of stock of Rumble), any action required or permitted
 to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of Rumble may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without
 a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having
 not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled
 to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to Rumble in accordance with the Rumble Bylaws and applicable law. 
 
 The Rumble Charter also provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing,
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or series or separately as
 a class with one or more other such series or classes, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, to the
 extent expressly so provided by the applicable certificate of designation relating to such series of Preferred Stock. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 The Rumble Charter also includes an opt out of Section 203 of the DGCL. 

Mandatory Redemptions 

The Rumble Charter provides for the mandatory redemption of a number
 of shares of Class C Common Stock held by a holder upon the issuance of a corresponding number of shares of Class A Common Stock
 to such holder in respect of ExchangeCo Shares held by such holder that are redeemed by ExchangeCo or 1000045707 Ontario Inc., as applicable,
 or to the extent such ExchangeCo Shares held by such holder have been forfeited pursuant to the terms of the BCA. 
 
 In addition, the Rumble Charter provides for the mandatory redemption
 of (i) a number of shares of Class D Common Stock held by a Qualified Stockholder (as defined in the Rumble Charter) upon the
 transfer (other than a permitted transfer or a transfer in connection with the repurchase under the Share Repurchase Agreement)
 by any Qualified Stockholder of a corresponding number of shares of Class A Common Stock or any ExchangeCo Shares held by such holder
 or in connection with the forfeiture of Forfeiture Escrow Shares held for such holder in accordance with the terms of the BCA; (ii) all
 shares of Class D Common Stock upon the death or incapacity of Chris Pavlovski; and (iii) a number of shares of Class D
 Common Stock held by a Qualified Stockholder corresponding to the number of restricted shares of Class A Common Stock issued to Mr. Pavlovski
 under his employment agreement as part of his initial equity award that are forfeited and cancelled in accordance with the terms thereof. 

2 

Subject Matter 
 
 Rumble Charter 
 
 Transfer Restrictions 

The Rumble Charter provides that no transfer of shares of Class C
 Common Stock may be made unless (i) such transfer is made to a Permitted Transferee and the transferor concurrently transfers to
 such Permitted Transferee an equal number of ExchangeCo Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of ExchangeCo s governing
 documents, (ii) such transfer is made to Rumble in connection with the redemption provisions described above, (iii) such transfer
 is in connection with any pledge or other encumbrance of ExchangeCo Shares and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common
 Stock pursuant to a bona fide financing transaction and a Transfer of any such shares results from any foreclosure thereon, (iv) such
 transfer is made pursuant to any liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of Rumble s
 stockholders exchanging or having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, or (v) such
 Transfer is approved by Rumble Board or a duly constituted committee thereof and the transferor concurrently transfers an equal number
 of ExchangeCo Shares to the transferee in accordance with the terms and conditions of ExchangeCo s governing documents. 
 
 The Rumble Charter provides that no shares of Class D Common Stock
 may be transferred unless each of the following conditions is satisfied: (a) the transfer is made to a Qualified Class D Transferee;
 (b) concurrent with such transfer, the transferor must transfer to the transferee an equal number of shares of Class A Common
 Stock and/or ExchangeCo Shares; provided that if the transferor transfers ExchangeCo Shares in connection with this clause (b), then it
 must also concurrently transfer an equal number of shares of Class C Common Stock to the transferee; and (c) the transferor
 and the transferee each provide an undertaking in favor of Rumble that they shall ensure that the transferee remains a Qualified Class D
 Transferee at all times that the transferee owns any shares of Class D Common Stock. In addition, the Class D Common Stock may
 be transferred (i) pursuant to any liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of Rumble s
 stockholders exchanging or having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, or (ii) to
 Rumble in accordance with the redemption provisions described above. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its affiliate Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust
company, each having a principal office and place of business at 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 

Listing 

Our Class A Common Stock and Warrants are listed
on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols RUM and RUMBW , respectively. 

3 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.6>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-6_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE RUMBLE INC. 2022 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (EXECUTIVES)

Exhibit 10.6 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE AND AGREEMENT 

Rumble Inc. (the Company ),
pursuant to its 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Plan ),
hereby grants to Holder the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth below, each Restricted Stock Unit being a notional unit representing
the right to receive one share of Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan (the Restricted Stock Units ).
The Restricted Stock Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement (this Award
Agreement ), as well as the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. To
the extent that any provisions herein (or portion thereof) conflicts with any provision of the Plan, the Plan shall prevail and control.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 

Holder : 
 [ ] 

Date of Grant : 
 [ ] 

Vesting Commencement Date : 
 [ ] 

Number of Restricted Stock Units : 
 [ ] 

Vesting Schedule : Provided that
Holder has not undergone a Termination prior to the applicable vesting date, twenty-five percent (25 of the Restricted Stock Units
will vest on each of the first four (4) anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date. 

Settlement : The Company shall settle each Restricted Stock Unit by delivering to Holder one (1) share of Stock
 for each Restricted Stock Unit that vested as soon as practicable (but not more than thirty (30) days) following each vesting date
 (the Original Issuance Date ). The shares of Stock issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units
 may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Original Issuance Date does
 not occur (i) during an open window period applicable to Holder, (ii) on a date when Holder is permitted to
 sell shares of Stock pursuant to a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by
 the Company in accordance with the Company s then effective policy on trading in Company securities (the
 Policy ), or (iii) on a date when Holder is otherwise permitted to sell shares of Stock on an
 established stock exchange or stock market, then such shares will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead
 be delivered on the first business day of the next occurring open window period applicable to Holder pursuant to such
 Policy (regardless of whether Holder has experienced a Termination at such time) or the next business day when Holder is not
 prohibited from selling shares of Stock on the open market, but in no event later than the later of (x) December
 31 st of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of Holder s taxable
 year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or (y) to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
 without penalty, the fifteenth (15 th day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in
 which the Original Issuance Date occurs. 

Termination : Section 7(d) of the Plan regarding treatment of Restricted Stock Units upon Termination is incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof. In the event of Holder s Termination for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units
shall be cancelled and forfeited as of the date of such Termination. 

General Unsecured Creditor : 
 Holder shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company until shares of Stock are issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units. 

Transfer Restrictions : Holder
shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber the Restricted Stock Units before they vest and are settled,
and any attempt to sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber the Restricted Stock Units in violation of the foregoing shall be null
and void. 

No Rights as a Stockholder : Neither
the Restricted Stock Units nor this Award Agreement shall entitle Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the
Company unless and until the shares of Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units have been issued in settlement thereof. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, no dividends (whether in cash or shares of Stock) or dividend equivalents shall accrue or be
paid with respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 

Clawback Policy; Share 
 Ownership Guidelines : The
Restricted Stock Units (and any compensation paid or shares issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units) are subject to (i) any
share ownership guidelines to which the Holder may be subject, and (ii) recoupment in accordance with the Company s clawback
policy, if applicable, The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any
other clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 

Additional
 Terms: The
 Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following additional terms: 

Any
 certificates representing the shares of Stock delivered to Holder shall be subject to such
 stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the
 rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any
 stock exchange upon which such shares are listed, and any applicable federal or state laws,
 and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make
 appropriate reference to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate. 

- 2 - 

Holder
 shall be the record owner of the shares of Stock issued in respect of the Restricted Stock
 Units until or unless such shares of Stock are repurchased or otherwise sold or transferred
 in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and as record owner shall generally be entitled
 to all rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of Stock issued in respect of the
 Restricted Stock Units. 

Upon
 issuance of shares of Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units, Holder shall be required
 to satisfy applicable withholding tax obligations, if any, as provided in Section 16
 of the Plan. 

This
 Award Agreement does not confer upon Holder any right to continue as an employee or service
 provider of the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group. 

Holder
 understands that the Restricted Stock Units are intended to be exempt from Section 409A
 of the Code as a short term deferral to the greatest extent possible and the
 Restricted Stock Units will be administered and interpreted in accordance with such intent.
 In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for any additional
 tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Holder as a result of Section 409A
 of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code (other
 than for withholding obligations or other obligations applicable to employers, if any, under
 Section 409A of the Code). 

This
 Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State
 of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 

Holder
 agrees that the Company may deliver by email all documents relating to the Plan or the Restricted
 Stock Units (including, without limitation, a copy of the Plan) and all other documents that
 the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation,
 disclosures that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission). Holder also
 agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting them on a website maintained
 by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts
 these documents on a website, it shall notify Holder by email or such other reasonable manner
 as then determined by the Company. 

This
 Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties
 hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications,
 understandings, and agreements (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) between
 the Company or any of its Affiliates and Holder relating to the subject matter of this Award
 Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent Holder has entered into an employment
 or similar agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, and the terms noted in such
 employment or similar agreement are inconsistent with or conflict with this Award Agreement,
 then the terms of this Award Agreement will supersede and be deemed to amend and modify the
 inconsistent or conflicting terms set forth in such employment or similar agreeme nt. 

- 3 - 

The
undersigned Holder acknowledges receipt of THIS Award Agreement AND the plan, and, as an express condition to the grant of RESTRICTED
STOCK UNITS UNDER THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, agrees to be bound by the terms of BOTH THIS Award agreement and the Plan. 

Rumble Inc. 

Holder 

By: 

Signature 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title: 

Print Name: 

Date: 

Date: 

-4- 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-7_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE RUMBLE INC. 2022 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (DIRECTORS)

Exhibit 10.7 

Director Form 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT NOTICE
AND AGREEMENT 

Rumble Inc. (the Company ),
pursuant to its 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Plan ),
hereby grants to Holder the number of Restricted Stock Units set forth below, each Restricted Stock Unit being a notional unit representing
the right to receive one share of Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan (the Restricted Stock Units ).
The Restricted Stock Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement (this Award
Agreement ), as well as the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. To
the extent that any provisions herein (or portion thereof) conflicts with any provision of the Plan, the Plan shall prevail and control.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 

Holder : 
 [ ] 
 
 Date of Grant : 
 [ ] 
 
 Vesting Commencement Date : 
 [ ] 
 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units : 
 [ ] 

Vesting Schedule : Provided
that Holder has not undergone a Termination prior to the applicable vesting date, one hundred percent (100 of the Restricted Stock
Units will vest on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date. 

Settlement : The Company shall settle each Restricted Stock Unit by delivering to Holder one (1) share of Stock for
each Restricted Stock Unit that vested as soon as practicable (but not more than thirty (30) days) following each vesting date (the Original
Issuance Date ). The shares of Stock issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units may be evidenced in such manner as
the Committee shall determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Original Issuance Date does not occur (i) during an open
window period applicable to Holder, (ii) on a date when Holder is permitted to sell shares of Stock pursuant to a written
plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s
then-effective policy on trading in Company securities (the Policy ), or (iii) on a date when Holder is
otherwise permitted to sell shares of Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market, then such shares will not be delivered on
such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day of the next occurring open window period
applicable to Holder pursuant to such Policy (regardless of whether Holder has experienced a Termination at such time) or the next business day when
Holder is not prohibited from selling shares of Stock on the open market, but in no event later than the later of (x) December 31 st 
of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of Holder s taxable year in which the Original
Issuance Date occurs), or (y) to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) without penalty, the fifteenth
(15 th day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date
occurs. 

Termination : Section
 7(d) of the Plan regarding treatment of Restricted Stock Units upon Termination is incorporated
 herein by reference and made a part hereof. In the event of Holder s Termination for
 any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be cancelled and forfeited as of the
 date of such Termination. 

General
 Unsecured Creditor: Holder
 shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company until shares of
 Stock are issued in respect of the Restricted Stock Units. 

Transfer
 Restrictions: Holder
 shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber the Restricted Stock
 Units before they vest and are settled, and any attempt to sell, transfer, pledge, or otherwise
 encumber the Restricted Stock Units in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void. 

No
 Rights as a Stockholder: Neither
 the Restricted Stock Units nor this Award Agreement shall entitle Holder to any voting rights
 or other rights as a stockholder of the Company unless and until the shares of Stock in respect
 of the Restricted Stock Units have been issued in settlement thereof. Without limiting the
 generality of the foregoing, no dividends (whether in cash or shares of Stock) or dividend
 equivalents shall accrue or be paid with respect to any Restricted Stock Units. 

Claw back
 Policy; Share Ownership Guidelines: The
 Restricted Stock Units (and any compensation paid or shares issued in respect of the Restricted
 Stock Units) are subject to (i) any share ownership guidelines to which the Holder may
 be subject, and (ii) recoupment in accordance with the Company s clawback policy,
 if applicable, The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing
 regulations thereunder, any other clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation
 recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 

- 2 - 

Additional
 Terms : The
 Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following additional terms: 

Any
 certificates representing the shares of Stock delivered to Holder shall be subject to such
 stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the
 rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any
 stock exchange upon which such shares are listed, and any applicable federal or state laws,
 and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make
 appropriate reference to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate. 

Holder
 shall be the record owner of the shares of Stock issued in respect of the Restricted Stock
 Units until or unless such shares of Stock are repurchased or otherwise sold or transferred
 in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and as record owner shall generally be entitled
 to all rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of Stock issued in respect of the
 Restricted Stock Units. 

Upon
 issuance of shares of Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units, Holder shall be required
 to satisfy applicable withholding tax obligations, if any, as provided in Section 16
 of the Plan. 

This
 Award Agreement does not confer upon Holder any right to continue as an employee or service
 provider of the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group. 

Holder
 understands that the Restricted Stock Units are intended to be exempt from Section 409A
 of the Code as a short term deferral to the greatest extent possible and the
 Restricted Stock Units will be administered and interpreted in accordance with such intent.
 In no event whatsoever shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for any additional
 tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Holder as a result of Section 409A
 of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code (other
 than for withholding obligations or other obligations applicable to employers, if any, under
 Section 409A of the Code). 

This
 Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State
 of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 

- 3 - 

Holder
 agrees that the Company may deliver by email all documents relating to the Plan or the Restricted
 Stock Units (including, without limitation, a copy of the Plan) and all other documents that
 the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation,
 disclosures that may be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission). Holder also
 agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting them on a website maintained
 by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts
 these documents on a website, it shall notify Holder by email or such other reasonable manner
 as then determined by the Company. 

This
 Award Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the parties
 hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications,
 understandings, and agreements (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) between
 the Company or any of its Affiliates and Holder relating to the subject matter of this Award
 Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent Holder has entered into an employment,
 service or similar agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, and the terms noted
 in such employment or similar agreement are inconsistent with or conflict with this Award
 Agreement, then the terms of this Award Agreement will supersede and be deemed to amend and
 modify the inconsistent or conflicting terms set forth in such employment, service or similar
 agreement. 

- 4 - 

The
undersigned Holder acknowledges receipt of THIS Award Agreement AND the plan, and, as an express condition to the grant of RESTRICTED
STOCK UNITS UNDER THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, agrees to be bound by the terms of BOTH THIS Award agreement and the Plan. 

Rumble
 Inc. 
 
 Holder 

By: 

Signature 
 
 Signature 

Title: 

Print Name: 

Date: 

Date: 

-5- 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-8_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE RUMBLE INC. 2022 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (EXECUTIVES)

Exhibit 10.8 

OPTION GRANT NOTICE AND AGREEMENT 

Rumble Inc. (the Company ),
pursuant to its 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (as may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Plan ),
hereby grants to Holder the number of Options (the Options set forth below, each Option representing
the right to purchase one share of Stock at the applicable Exercise Price (set forth below). The Options are subject to all of the terms
and conditions set forth in this Option Grant Notice and Agreement (this Award Agreement ), as well as
all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which are incorporated herein in their entirety. To the extent that any provisions
herein (or portion thereof) conflicts with any provision of the Plan, the Plan shall prevail and control. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Plan. 

Holder : 
 [ ] 

Date of Grant : 
 [ ] 

Vesting Commencement Date 
 [ ] 

Number of Options : 
 [ ] 

Exercise Price : 
 [ ] 

Expiration Date : 
 The tenth (10 th anniversary of the Date of Grant 

Type of Option : 
 Nonqualified Stock Option 

Vesting Schedule : 
 Provided that Holder has not undergone a Termination prior to the applicable vesting date, twenty-five percent (25 of the Option will vest on each of the first four (4) anniversaries of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided, that with respect to the fourth (4 th such annual installment, the number of Options that vest in the installment shall be such that the Holder will be fully vested in the total number of Options listed above as of the fourth (4 th anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date. 

Exercise of Options : 
 To exercise vested Options, Holder (or his, her or its authorized representative) must give written notice to the Company, using the form of Option Exercise Notice as prescribed by the Committee, stating the number of Options which he, she or it intends to exercise. The Company will issue the shares of Stock with respect to which the Options are exercised upon payment of the shares of Stock acquired in accordance with Section 5(d) of the Plan, which Section 5(d) is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. 

Upon exercise of Options, Holder will be required to satisfy applicable withholding tax obligations as provided in Section 16 of the Plan. 

Termination : Section 5(f) of the Plan regarding treatment of Options upon Termination is incorporated herein by reference
and made a part hereof. 

Additional Terms : 
 Options shall be subject to the following additional terms: 

Options shall be exercisable in whole shares
of Stock only. 

Each Option shall cease to be exercisable as
to any share of Stock when Holder purchases the share of Stock or when the Option otherwise expires or is forfeited. 

Any certificates representing the shares of Stock
delivered to Holder shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the
rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which such shares are listed,
and any applicable federal or state laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate
reference to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate. 

Holder shall be the record owner of the shares
of Stock issued in respect of the Options, and as record owner shall generally be entitled to all rights of a stockholder with respect
to the shares of Stock issued in respect of the Options. 

This Award Agreement does not confer upon Holder
any right to continue as an employee or service provider of the Service Recipient or any other member of the Company Group. 

This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 

Holder and the Company acknowledge that the Options
are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, with the Exercise Price intended to be at least equal to the Fair Market Value
per share of Stock on the Date of Grant. Holder acknowledges that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with
this valuation, and agrees not to make any claim against the Company, the Committee, the Company s officers or employees in the
event that the Internal Revenue Service or any other person, entity or agency asserts that the valuation was too low or that the Options
are not otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code. 

Holder agrees that the Company may deliver by
email all documents relating to the Plan or the Options (including, without limitation, a copy of the Plan) and all other documents that
the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including, without limitation, disclosures that may be required by the Securities
and Exchange Commission). Holder also agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting them on a website maintained by the
Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts these documents on a website, it shall notify Holder
by email or such other reasonable manner as then determined by the Company. 

This Award Agreement and the Plan constitute
the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, communications,
understandings, and agreements (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) between the Company and Holder relating to the
subject matter of this Award Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent Holder has entered into an employment or similar
agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates, and the terms noted in such employment or similar agreement are inconsistent with
or conflict with this Award Agreement, then the terms of this Award Agreement will supersede and be deemed to amend and modify the inconsistent
or conflicting terms set forth in such employment or similar agreement. 

- 2 - 

THE UNDERSIGNED HOLDER ACKNOWLEDGES
RECEIPT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF OPTIONS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF BOTH THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN. 

RUMBLE INC. 
 
 HOLDER 

By: 

Signature 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title: 

Print Name: 

Date: 

Date: 

-3 - 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-10_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION PLAN (TIME-BASED VESTING)

Exhibit 10.10 

RUMBLE INC. 

 Company 

Option Agreement 

Optionee: 

Designated Amount of Shares: 
 Class B Common Shares (the Plan Shares 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Date of Grant: 

Expiry Date: The
 tenth (10 th anniversary of the Date of Grant 

Vesting Schedule: The
 Option shall vest and become exercisable on [ ] of each of 20[ 
 ], 20[ ] and 20[ ], in each case, subject to Optionee s continuous
 employment with the Company or any of its affiliates through the applicable vesting date.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Optionee s employment is terminated
 by the Company (or its applicable affiliate) without Cause and other than on account of death
 or disability and subject to Optionee s timely execution of a Release (as defined in
 the Employment Agreement), one hundred percent (100 of the Option shall fully vest and
 become exercisable as of the date of such termination. 

WHEREAS
 the Company grants to the undersigned (the Optionee an option (the Option to purchase
from treasury that number of Plan Shares in the capital of the Company set out above (the Designated Amount at a
price per share equal to the Exercise Price Per Share specified above. 

NOW THEREFORE it is agreed as follows: 

1. The
Option is in all respects subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of the Stock Option Plan of the Company (the Plan ),
all of which terms and conditions (including the defined terms) are incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement. 

2. The
Company and the Optionee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations with respect to the grant of options and the issuance
and distribution of securities. The Optionee shall provide the Company with all information and undertakings as may be required in connection
with such compliance. 

3. The
Optionee hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that upon his or her exercise of this option, the Optionee will be deemed to be a party
to, and to be bound by all the terms, provisions and conditions of any shareholders agreement of the Company in effect. 

4. Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Option is exercisable only on or before the Expiry Date and only to the extent the Option
has vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule. 

5. The
Optionee shall, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, be entitled to exercise this Option by executing and delivering to the
Company an Exercise Notice substantially in the form attached to the Plan as Exhibit B. 

6. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successions and assigns and the Optionee and, upon the Optionee s
death, the legal representative of his or her estate and any person who acquires the Optionee s rights in respect of any Options
by will or by the law of succession. 

7. The
Optionee acknowledges having received, read and understood the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to comply with, and agrees that the Optionee s
participation is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

8. The
Optionee acknowledges having been advised by the Company to obtain independent professional advice, including tax and legal advice, in
connection with this Agreement and the Plan and has either obtained such advice or, after having considered the matter carefully, has
chosen not to seek such advice. 

9. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable
therein. 

DATED this
[ ] day of [ ], 20[ ]. 

RUMBLE INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Witness 

___________________________________________ 
 
 ___________________________________________ 

(Optionee) 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 8
 f10k2022ex10-11_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION PLAN (CLIFF VESTING)

Exhibit 10.11 

RUMBLE INC. 

 Company 

Option
Agreement 

Optionee: 

Designated Amount of Shares: 
 Class B Common Shares (the Plan Shares 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Date of Grant: 

Expiry Date: The
 twentieth (20 th anniversary of the Date of Grant 

Vesting Schedule: Subject
 to the Optionee s continued employment with the Company through the earlier of (i)
 the date on which equity securities of the Company or any of its affiliates (including an
 acquirer of the Company by way of an acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company)
 are publicly-traded on a Canadian or U.S. securities exchange, (ii) the date on which a Liquidity
 Event (as defined in the Plan) is completed, and (iii) 365 days after the Date of Grant (each,
 an Option Vesting Date ), one hundred percent (100 of the Options shall vest
 and become exercisable on the earliest Option Vesting Date. 
 
 In
 the event the Optionee s employment with the Company ends (whether lawfully, unlawfully,
 with or without just cause/willful misconduct, or in breach of contract), the Options shall
 only vest and become exercisable on the earliest Option Vesting Date if the Option Vesting
 Date occurs on or before the Termination Date (as defined in the Employment Agreement, which
 is defined below). 

WHEREAS ,
the Optionee and the Company are a party to that certain employment agreement (the Employment Agreement ), [ ],
which sets forth the terms and conditions of Optionee s employment [ ]; 

WHEREAS , in satisfaction of the Company s
obligation pursuant to [ ] of the Employment Agreement, the Company desires to grant to Optionee an option (the Option to purchase from treasury that number of Plan Shares in the capital of the Company set out above, which shall have such rights, designations
and preferences as are set forth in this Option Agreement (this Agreement ), the Stock Option Plan of the Company
(the Plan and the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time. 

NOW THEREFORE it is agreed as follows: 

1. 
 The Option is in all respects subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, all of which terms and conditions
(including the defined terms) are incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement. 

2. 
 The Company and the Optionee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations with respect to the grant of options
and the issuance and distribution of securities. The Optionee shall provide the Company with all information and undertakings as may be
required in connection with such compliance. 

3. 
 The Optionee hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that upon his or her exercise of this option, the Optionee will be deemed
to be a party to, and to be bound by all the terms, provisions and conditions of any shareholders agreement of the Company in effect. 

4. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Option is exercisable only on or before the Expiry Date and only to the extent
the Option has vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule. 

5. 
 The Optionee shall, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, be entitled to exercise this Option by executing and delivering
to the Company an Exercise Notice substantially in the form attached to the Plan as Exhibit B. 

6. 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successions and assigns and the Optionee and,
upon the Optionee s death, the legal representative of his or her estate and any person who acquires the Optionee s rights
in respect of any Options by will or by the law of succession. 

7. 
 The Optionee acknowledges having received, read and understood the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to comply with, and agrees
that the Optionee s participation is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

8. 
 The Optionee acknowledges having been advised by the Company to obtain independent professional advice, including tax and legal
advice, in connection with this Agreement and the Plan and has either obtained such advice or, after having considered the matter carefully,
has chosen not to seek such advice. 

9. 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada
applicable therein. 

DATED this
[ ] day of [ ], 20[ ]. 

RUMBLE INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Witness 

(Optionee) 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 9
 f10k2022ex10-12_rumbleinc.htm
 FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK OPTION PLAN (FULLY VESTED)

Exhibit 10.12 

RUMBLE INC. 

Option Agreement 

Optionee: 

Designated Amount of Shares: 
 [ ] Common Shares (the Plan
 Shares 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 [ ] 

Date of Grant: 
 [ ] 

Vesting Schedule: The
 Option shall become fully vested upon the Earliest Exercise Date. 

WHEREAS 
Rumble Inc. (the Company previously granted certain stock option(s) to the undersigned Optionee (the Optionee 
and the Company and the Optionee have agreed, based upon mutual consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
that the within Option Agreement will replace and supersede all such previous stock options granted by the Company to the Optionee; 

And
WHEREAS the Company now grants to the undersigned (the Optionee an option (the Option to purchase
from treasury that number of Common Shares in the capital of the Company set out above (the Designated Amount at a
price per share equal to the Exercise Price Per Share specified above. 

NOW THEREFORE it is agreed as follows: 

1. The Option is in all respects subject to and governed by the terms and conditions of the Stock Option Plan of the Company the Plan ), all of which terms and conditions (including the defined terms) are incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement. 

2. The
Company and the Optionee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations with respect to the grant of options and the issuance
and distribution of securities. The Optionee shall provide the Company with all information and undertakings as may be required in connection
with such compliance. 

3. The
Optionee hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that upon his or her exercise of this option, the Optionee will be deemed to be a party
to, and to be bound by all the terms, provisions and conditions of any shareholders agreement of the Company in effect. 

4. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Option is exercisable only on or after the Earliest Exercise Date and on or before the Expiry Date and only to the extent the Option has vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule . 

5. The
Optionee shall, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, be entitled to exercise this Option by executing and delivering to the
Company an Exercise Notice substantially in the form attached to the Plan as Exhibit A. 

6. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the Company, its successions and assigns and the Optionee and, upon the Optionee s
deaths, the legal representative of his or her estate and any person who acquires the Optionee s rights in respect of any Options by will
or by the law of succession. 

7. The Optionee acknowledges having received, read and understood the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to comply with, and agrees that the Optionee s participation is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

8. The
Optionee acknowledges having been advised by the Company to obtain independent professional advice, including tax and legal advice, in
connection with this Agreement and the Plan and has either obtained such advice or, after having considered the matter carefully, has
chosen not to seek such advice. 

9. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable
therein. 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 10
 f10k2022ex10-13_rumbleinc.htm
 RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT NOTICE AND AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN RUMBLE IN. AND ASSAF LEV, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 24, 2021

Exhibit 10.13 

RESTRICTED CLASS B COMMON SHARE 
OWNERSHIP AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Class B
Common Share Ownership Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of November 24, 2021 by and between
Rumble Inc. (the Company ), and Assaf Lev Employee ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , Employee and
Rumble USA Inc. Rumble USA ), a subsidiary of the Company, are a party to that certain employment agreement
(the Employment Agreement ), dated as of October 22, 2021, which sets forth the terms and conditions of Employee s
employment as the Company s President of Locals Technology, Inc.; 

WHEREAS , in satisfaction
of Rumble USA s obligation pursuant to Section 8 of the Employment Agreement, the Company desires to issue to Employee 2,412.51
Restricted Class B Common Shares of the Company (the Restricted Shares ), which Restricted Shares shall have
such rights, designations and preferences as are set forth in this Agreement and the Company s Articles of Incorporation (as amended
from time to time, the Articles ); and 

WHEREAS , the Company
and Employee desire to enter into this Agreement to evidence certain terms and conditions relating to the issuance of the Restricted Shares; 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of the mutual agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Employee agree as follows: 

1. Definition
and Construction 

(a) Construction .
To the extent that any provisions in this Agreement (or portion thereof) conflicts with any provision of the Employment Agreement, this
Agreement shall prevail and control. Unless the context requires otherwise:(i) the gender (or lack of gender) of all words used in
this Agreement includes the masculine, feminine, and neuter; (ii) references to Sections refer to sections of this Agreement; (iii) references
to money refer to legal currency of the United States of America; and (iv) the word including means including
without limitation. 

(b) Definitions .
In addition to the terms defined in the body of this Agreement, the following capitalized words shall have the meanings indicated below.
Other capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not defined below or in the body of this Agreement shall have the meanings given
to them in the Employment Agreement. 

(1) Cause 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Terms of Employment agreement between Employee and Rumble USA, Inc., dated as of October
22, 2021. 

(2) Committee 
means the Board or the compensation committee of the Board. 

(3) Good
Reason shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Terms of Employment agreement between Employee and Rumble USA,
Inc., dated as of October 22, 2021. 

(4) Liquidity
Event shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Company s Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan dated
October 21, 2021, as may be further amended and/or restated from time to time. 

(5) Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, including rules and regulations thereunder and
successor provisions and rules and regulations thereto or the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable. 

(6) Termination 
means the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries; provided , however , that, if
so determined by the Committee at the time of any change in status in relation to the Company and its subsidiaries e.g. , Employee
ceases to be an employee and begins providing services as a consultant, or vice versa), such change in status will not be deemed to be
a Termination hereunder. 

2.
 Restricted Shares. 

(a) Issuance .
The Company hereby issues to Employee the Restricted Shares for 1.00 in the aggregate (which amount shall be withheld by Rumble USA from
a future paycheck). Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2(b),
Employee shall generally have the rights and privileges of a shareholder as to such Restricted Shares. Cash dividends and share dividends,
if any, with respect to the Restricted Shares shall be withheld by the Company for Employee s account, and shall be subject to forfeiture
to the same degree as the Restricted Share to which such dividends relate. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, no interest
will accrue or be paid on the amount of any cash dividends withheld. 

(b) Repurchase
Option . 

(1) In
the event of Employee s Termination, then, subject to Section 2(b)(2) below, the Company shall, from such time (as determined
by the Company in its discretion), have an irrevocable, exclusive option to repurchase (the Repurchase Option any Restricted Shares that have not yet been released from the Repurchase Option in accordance with Section 2(c) below (the Unreleased
Shares ), for an aggregate purchase price equal to 1.00 (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any share dividend,
share split, combination or other similar recapitalization) (the Repurchase Price ). The Repurchase Option
shall be deemed to have been automatically exercised as to all Unreleased Shares at 5:00 pm (Toronto time) as of the date that is sixty
(60) days following the date of Employee s Termination, unless the Company declines in writing to exercise the Repurchase Option
prior to such time; provided , that, notwithstanding the above, the Repurchase Option shall not be deemed to have been automatically
exercised, and shall instead be deemed to become temporarily unexercisable as of such time and date in any case where such automatic exercise
would result in a violation of applicable law. The Repurchase Option shall once again be automatically exercised as soon as a violation
of applicable law would not result from its exercise unless the Company declines in writing to exercise the Repurchase Option prior to
such time. 

2 

(2) If
the Repurchase Option is exercised or deemed exercised, the Company shall deliver payment to Subscriber by any of the following methods,
in the Company s sole discretion: (i) delivering to Subscriber a cheque in the amount of the Repurchase Price, (ii) cancelling
an amount of Subscriber indebtedness to the Company equal to the Repurchase Price, (iii) any combination of (i) or (ii)
such that the combined payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals the aggregate Repurchase Price. 

(3) In
the event that the Repurchase Option is exercised or deemed exercised, the sole right and remedy of Employee thereafter shall be
to receive the Repurchase Price, and in no case shall Employee have any claim of ownership as to any of the Unreleased Shares
being purchased as a result of the exercise or deemed exercise of the Repurchase Option. 

(c) Release
of Repurchase Option and Restrictions on Transfer . Subject to Employee s continued employment with the Company or any other
member of the Company Group through each applicable vesting date, the Restricted Shares shall be released from the Repurchase Option in
substantially equal monthly installments over a 36-month period beginning on November 25, 2021, provided that each monthly installment
will be delayed further until the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (as defined in Section 3(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
one hundred percent (100 of the Restricted Shares shall be released from the Repurchase Option in the event Employee s Termination:
(i) by Rumble USA without Cause (other than on account of Employee s death or disability) or (ii) by the Employee's resignation
with Good Reason. No Class B Common Share issued hereunder shall be transferred, sold, disposed of, pledged or hypothecated prior to the
date on which such Class B Common Share has been released from the Repurchase Option, except as contemplated pursuant to Section 3(a)
hereof. 

3. Restrictions
on Restricted Shares. 

(a) Prohibition
on Transfers . Except (i) as otherwise approved by the Committee, vested Restricted Shares may not be sold, transferred, or otherwise
disposed (each, a Transfer of during the period (the Lock-Up Period commencing
on the date hereof and ending on the earlier of (i) the date that is twelve (12) months after the date on which any equity securities
of the Company or any of its affiliates (including an acquirer of the Company by way of a special purpose acquisition company) are publicly
traded on an national securities exchange, and (ii) the occurrence of a Liquidity Event; provided, however, that the foregoing restriction
shall not apply to any Transfer (A) that is permitted pursuant to Section 3.1 of that certain Right of First Offer and Co-Sale Agreement,
dated as of May 14, 2021, by and among the Company, and the other parties named therein (as amended from time to time, the ROFO
 Co-Sale Agreement ), or (B) pursuant to Section 3 of that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2021, by and
among the Company and the other parties named therein (as amended from time to time, the Voting Agreement ).
The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the Restricted Shares (or securities) subject to the foregoing restriction
until the end of such Lock-Up Period. 

3 

(b) Permitted
Transfers . In connection with any Transfer permitted pursuant to Section 3(a)(A) above and made pursuant to Section 3(c) of the ROFO
 Co-Sale Agreement, it shall be a condition prior to any such Transfer that (i) the transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of
this Agreement, the ROFO Co-Sale Agreement, the Voting Agreement and that certain Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of
May 14, 2021, by and among the Company and the other parties named therein (as amended from time to time, the Investors 
Rights Agreement as though no such Transfer had taken place, and that (ii) Employee has complied with all applicable
laws in connection with such Transfer. Employee and the transferee shall execute any other documents reasonably required by the Committee
to effectuate such Transfer. 

(c) Shareholder
Agreements . As a condition to the issuance of the Restricted Shares hereunder, Employee hereby represents that he has executed, and
agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of, the ROFO Co-Sale Agreement, Voting Agreement and Investors Rights Agreement. 

4. Corporate
Events. 

In connection with (i) a merger,
amalgamation, or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is not the surviving corporation, (ii) a merger, amalgamation,
or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is the surviving corporation but the holders of the Company s equity
securities receive securities of another corporation or other property or cash, (iii) a SPAC Transaction (as defined in the Articles),
(iv) a Liquidity Event, or (v) the reorganization or liquidation of the Company (each, a Corporate Event ),
the Committee may, in its discretion, provide for any one or more of the following: 

(a) The
assumption or substitution of any or all Restricted Shares in connection with such Corporate Event; 

(b) The
acceleration of vesting of any or all Restricted Shares, subject to the consummation of such Corporate Event; 

(c) The
cancellation of any or all Restricted Shares as of the consummation of such Corporate Event; provided that in connection with such cancellation
there is a payment in cash to Employee of an amount equal to the number of Restricted Shares being cancelled multiplied by the per-share
consideration being paid for the Company s Class B Common Shares in connection with such Corporate Event; and 

(d) The
replacement of any or all Restricted Shares with a cash incentive program that preserves the value of the Restricted Shares so replaced
(determined as of the consummation of the Corporate Event), with subsequent payment of cash incentives subject to the same vesting conditions
as applicable to the Restricted Shares so replaced and payment to be made within thirty (30) days of the applicable vesting date. 

Payments to holders pursuant to paragraph (c)
above shall be made in cash or, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in the form of such other consideration necessary for Employee
to receive property, cash, or securities (or a combination thereof) as Employee would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence
of the transaction if the Restricted Shares has vested immediately prior to such transaction. In addition, in connection with any Corporate
Event, prior to any payment or adjustment contemplated under this Section 4, the Committee may require Employee to (A) represent
and warrant as to the unencumbered title to the Restricted Shares, (B) bear Employee s pro-rata share of any post-closing indemnity
obligations and be subject to the same post-closing purchase price adjustments, escrow terms, offset rights, holdback terms, and similar
conditions as the other holders of equity securities of the Company, and (C) deliver customary transfer documentation as reasonably
determined by the Committee. 

4 

5. Withholding. 

As a condition to the vesting
 (or upon the making of an election under Section 83(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended) , Employee shall be required to satisfy, through deduction or withholding from any payment of any kind otherwise
due to Employee, or through such other arrangements as are satisfactory to the Committee, the amount of all federal, state, and local
income and other taxes of any kind required or permitted to be withheld in connection with such vesting (or election). The Committee,
in its discretion, may permit Class B Common Shares to be used to satisfy tax withholding requirements, and such shares shall be
valued at their fair market value as of the vesting (or election), as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

6. Employee
Representations. 

Employee hereby represents
and warrants to the Company that: 

(a) This
Agreement has been delivered by Employee and constitutes the valid and legally binding agreement of Employee enforceable in accordance
with its terms against Employee, except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent
conveyance, moratorium or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies,
as from time to time may be in effect, (ii) application of equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) considerations of public policy; 

(b) Employee
has full power and legal right (i) to enter into this Agreement, (ii) to perform its obligations hereunder, and (iii) to consummate the
transaction that is the subject of this Agreement; 

(c) The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and such other documents, instruments, certificates and agreements that are executed and delivered
by Employee hereunder (collectively, the Investment Documents and the consummation by Employee of the transactions
contemplated by the Investment Documents do not (with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both) conflict with or result
in any violation of or default under any material agreement, certificate or other instrument to which Employee is a party or by which
Employee is bound; 

(d) Employee
understands that the Restricted Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, nor qualified under any state or provincial
securities laws, and that they are being offered and issued pursuant to an exemption from such registration and qualification based in
part upon Employee s representations contained herein; 

(e) Employee
understands that the Restricted Shares are being issued to Employee hereunder in reliance upon the exemption from such registration provided
by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering; 

(f) Employee
is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act; 

5 

(g) Employee
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that Employee is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the
investment contemplated by this Agreement; 

(h) Employee
is able to bear the economic risk of this investment in the Company (including a complete loss of this investment); 

(i) Employee
further represents that it is relying solely on its own conclusions or the advice of its own counsel or investment representative with
respect to tax aspects of any investment in the Company; 

(j) Employee
has no contract, undertaking, understanding, agreement or arrangement, formal or informal, with any person to sell, transfer or pledge
all or any portion of the Restricted Shares, other than as expressly contemplated in the ROFO Co-Sale Agreement, Voting Agreement
and/or Investors Rights Agreement; 

(k) Employee
has not seen, received, been presented with, or been solicited by any leaflet, public promotional meeting, article or any other form of
advertising or general solicitation as to the Company s offering to such Employee of the Restricted Shares; 

(l) Employee
has been afforded full and complete access to the books, financial statements, records, contracts, documents and other information concerning
the Company and its proposed activities, and has been afforded an opportunity to ask such questions of the Company s agents, accountants
and other representatives concerning the Company's proposed business, operations, financial condition, assets, liabilities and other relevant
matters as he has deemed necessary or desirable, and has been given all such information as has been requested, in order to evaluate the
merits and risks of the investment contemplated herein; 

(m) Employee
has been informed that the Restricted Shares are restricted securities under the Securities Act and may not be resold or transferred unless
the Restricted Shares are first registered under the federal securities laws or unless an exemption from such registration is available; 

(n) Employee
is acquiring the Restricted Shares for its own account for investment, and not with a view to any distribution, resale, subdivision or
fractionalization thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws, and Employee has no present plans
to enter into any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement for any such distribution, resale, subdivision or fractionalization;
and 

(o) Employee
is prepared to hold the Restricted Shares for an indefinite period and that Employee is aware that Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities
Act, which exempts certain resales of restricted securities, is not presently available to exempt the resale of the Restricted Shares
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

6 

7. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Certificates .
The Restricted Shares may be evidenced in such a manner as the Committee shall determine. If certificates representing Restricted Shares
are registered in the name of Employee, the Committee may require that (i) such certificates bear an appropriate legend referring
to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Shares, (ii) the Company retain physical possession of the
certificates, and (iii) Employee deliver a stock power to the Company, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Shares. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, the Restricted Shares shall be held in book-entry
form rather than delivered to Employee pending the release of any applicable restrictions. Share certificate(s) for the Restricted Shares
that have been released from the Repurchase Option shall be delivered to Employee at Employee s request. 

(b) No
Right to Continued Employment . This Agreement does not confer upon Employee any right to continue as an employee or service provider
of the Company or any other member of the Company Group. 

(c) Electronic
Delivery . Employee agrees that the Company may deliver by email all documents relating to this Agreement or the Restricted Shares
and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its shareholders (including, without limitation, disclosures that may
be required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission). Employee also agrees that the Company may deliver these documents by posting
them on a website maintained by the Company or by a third party under contract with the Company. If the Company posts these documents
on a website, it shall notify Employee by email. Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any
agreement or document delivered electronically or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled
by the Company to which Employee has access). 

(d) Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada
applicable therein. 

(e) Execution
and Delivery . This Agreement may be executed by the parties in counterparts and may be executed and delivered by facsimile or
other electronic means and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same agreement. 

[ Signatures to appear on the
following page .] 

7 

AS
an express condition to the ISSUANCE of RESTRICTED SHARES under this AGREEMENT, Employee hereby agrees to be bound by the terms OF the
AGREEMENT. 

RUMBLE INC. 
 
 ASSAF LEV 

By: 

Signature 
 
 Signature 

Title: 

[ Signature page to Assaf Lev Restricted Class
B Common Share Ownership Agreement ] 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 f10k2022ex21-1_rumbleinc.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries of Rumble Inc. 

 (as of December
31, 2022) 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Formation 
 
 Locals Technology Inc. 
 
 DE 
 
 Rumble Canada Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 Rumble USA Inc. 
 
 DE 
 
 1000045707 Ontario Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 1000045728 Ontario Inc. 
 
 Ontario 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 f10k2022ex23-1_rumbleinc.htm
 CONSENT OF MNP LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-268403), of our independent auditor s
report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Rumble Inc. and its subsidiaries for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 (which report expresses an unqualified opinion) appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K dated March 30,
2023. 

/s/
MNP LLP 

Chartered
Professional Accountants 

 Licensed
Public Accountants 

 March
30, 2023 

 Toronto,
Canada 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 f10k2022ex31-1_rumbleinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Chris Pavlovski, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rumble
 Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Chris Pavlovski 

Chris Pavlovski 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 f10k2022ex31-2_rumbleinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Brandon Alexandroff, certify
that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Rumble
 Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Brandon Alexandroff 

Brandon Alexandroff 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 f10k2022ex32-1_rumbleinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rumble Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Chris Pavlovski, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Chris Pavlovski 

Chris Pavlovski 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 f10k2022ex32-2_rumbleinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rumble Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Brandon Alexandroff, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Brandon Alexandroff 

Brandon Alexandroff 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 rum-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 rum-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 rum-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 rum-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 rum-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

