<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1865861_0001213900-23-024626.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3333978</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441732</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>706946</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>703227</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>736200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>655691</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024626.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024626
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981598362
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40981
		FILM NUMBER:		23780636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4B CEDAR BROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBURY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-495-2222

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4B CEDAR BROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBURY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024626.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cactusacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

333-258042 N/A (State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 CCTSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a redeemable warrant CCTSU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter), based
on the closing price of 9.9899 for the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market, was . 

As of March 30, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Cactus
Acquisition Corp. 1 Ltd. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 iii 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 47 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 47 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 47 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 47 
 
 PART II 
 
 48 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 48 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 50 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 53 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 53 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 53 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 54 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 54 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 54 
 
 PART III 
 
 55 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 55 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 63 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 64 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 68 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 72 
 
 PART IV 
 
 73 
 
 Item 15 . Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 73 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 74 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-1 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 75 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, us, 
 our, the company or our company are to Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company; 

amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which went into
effect upon the completion of our IPO; 

Class A ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary
shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies Law 
are to the Companies Law (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
are to our current directors; 

equity-linked securities 
are to any securities of our company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, Class A ordinary shares of our company; 

extension 
are to the extension, to November 2, 2023, of the deadline for our entry into an initial business
combination under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; 

extension meeting 
are to the extraordinary general meeting in lieu of our 2023 annual general meeting to be held
on April 20, 2023 at which we will seek approval for, among related matters, (i) the extension , and (ii) a related extension of
the term of the trust agreement until November 2, 2023; 

founders shares 
are to our 3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares, in the aggregate, initially purchased in a private placement (2,875,000 shares), or received
in a share dividend (287,500 shares), by our sponsor prior to our IPO, and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic
conversion of those Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A
ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders 
are to our sponsor, Cactus Healthcare Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and other holders (if any) of our founders shares
prior to our IPO; 

IPO or initial
public offering refers to the initial public offering of our Class A ordinary shares, which was consummated on November 2, 2021; 

letter agreement 
refers to the letter agreement entered into between us and our initial shareholders, directors and officers on or prior to the date of
our IPO, the form of which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement for our IPO; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private warrants 
are to the 4,866,667 warrants that were issued and sold to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our
initial public offering; 

public shareholders 
are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor, officers or directors
purchase public shares, provided their status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares 
are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our
initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public units 
are to the units (consisting of public shares and warrants) sold in our initial public offering; 

sponsor 
 are to Cactus Healthcare Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership, including, where applicable, its affiliates; 

trust agreement 
are to the investment management trust agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between our company and Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as trustee; 

warrants are
to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial
public offering or thereafter in the open market) and the private warrants; and 

, US 
and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Some statements contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking
in nature. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination with a technology-based healthcare business that is domiciled or centered in Israel, that carries out all
or a substantial portion of its activities in Israel, or that has some other significant Israeli connection; 

our ability to obtain shareholder
approval for an extension to our deadline for consummating an initial business combination at the extension meeting; 

our expectations around the
performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
ability to remain qualified for continued listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market despite the likelihood of substantial redemptions of our
ordinary shares in connection with the extension meeting; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of the combined
company resulting from our initial business combination to qualify for initial listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market despite the likelihood
of substantial redemptions of our ordinary shares in connection with the extension meeting; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our pool of prospective target,
high-tech healthcare businesses in Israel; 

risks associated with acquiring
a technology-oriented healthcare business in Israel; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

the use of proceeds not held
in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being
subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following
our initial public offering or following our initial business combination. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are
based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance
that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or
should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
We have provided the following summary of the material risks involved: 

Risks Related to our Search for, and Consummation of, Business
Combination Transaction 

If a large number of our shares
request to be redeemed for cash in connection with the extension meeting or a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, that
could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation
in order to redeem your shares. 

We may not remain qualified
for continued listing following the extension meeting or qualify for initial listing for the combined company following a shareholder
meeting for approval of our initial business combination (in each case, on the Nasdaq Stock Market). 

We may be unable to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could
compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We may issue notes or other
debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and
financial condition. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by unfavorable macro-economic trends. 

Because there are a large number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be substantial competition for attractive targets. 

If we do not complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

The notes to the condensed
financial statements included in this Annual Report contain an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Because our sponsor, officers
and directors can purchase additional shares in anticipation of the vote at the extension meeting or at the meeting at which our initial
business combination transaction will be presented for approval, they may disproportionately influence the outcome. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent to the completion
of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

Our key personnel may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, which may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Since our initial shareholders
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

Our amended and restated articles
of association provide that unless we consent otherwise, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
for all disputes between our company and our shareholders under the Companies Act. 

Provisions in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us. 

An investment in our securities
may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

We are a blank check company formed on April 19, 2021 as a Cayman Islands
exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination.
We have generated no revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest until we consummate
our initial business combination. We completed our initial public offering in November 2021, and since that time, we have engaged in discussions
with potential business combination target companies; we have not, however, as of yet, reached a definitive agreement with a specific
target company with respect to an initial business combination with us. 

While we may pursue a business combination target in any business or
industry and across any geographical region, we are focusing our search on technology-based healthcare businesses that are domiciled in
Israel, that carry out all or a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli connection. 

Industry Opportunity 

Israel s thriving healthcare ecosystem - With a population
of just over nine million, Israel ranks first among OECD member countries in gross domestic expenditure on R D as a percentage of
GDP: 4.9 compared to 2.03 in the European Union, according to the February 2020 publication of the OECD Directorate for Science, Technology,
and Innovation. According to the 2021 Israel Innovation Authority Annual Report on Israel s Life Sciences Industry, which we refer
to as the IIA 2021 annual report, as of the date of that report, approximately 1,750 life sciences companies were active in Israel, employing
more than 84,000 people. This figure reflects a near-doubling of the number of life sciences companies in Israel over the last decade.
Israel s life sciences industry focuses primarily on medical devices (39 of companies), followed by digital health (27 ), biotechnology
(26 ), and pharmaceuticals (8 ). According to the Israel Export and International Cooperation Institute, pharmaceutical and medical equipment
product exports from Israel reached 5.2 billion in 2019, constituting approximately 5 of the total exports of goods and services from
Israel. 

Academic excellence leading to commercial successes - As reviewed
in the prestigious medical journal The Lancet in 2017, many factors have contributed to the emergence of Israel as a start-up
healthcare nation , including the wide availability of well-trained scientists and engineers, numerous incubator programs, governmental
support and- importantly-academic excellence in healthcare. Although Israel s population is only about 0.1 of the world s
population, in 2018 Israeli publications represented close to 1 of the worldwide publications in medicine and related biological sciences
(IIA s 2019 annual report). This academic activity resulted in notable successes, for example: 

Doxil, a chemotherapy for ovarian cancer, developed at the Hadassah Medical Center/Hebrew University and acquired by Johnson Johnson; 

Azilect, a Parkinson s disease drug, developed by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries based on research at the Technion, Israel s Institute of Technology; 

Exelon, a drug for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease, discovered at the Hebrew University and developed and marketed by Novartis; 

Copaxone, for multiple sclerosis, or MS, originated from the Weizmann Institute of Science, or the Weizmann Institute, and developed and commercialized by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries; and 

Rebif, another MS treatment, developed by the Weizmann Institute in collaboration with Serono s subsidiary InterPharm. 

1 

Israeli companies reaching global markets - Israeli successes,
however, have not been limited to academic innovations acquired by large pharmaceutical companies. In recent years, several Israeli biotech
firms that developed innovative products from bench to bedside have gained United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other
regulatory approvals and started marketing their products in the United States and other regions. Notable examples are: 

UroGen Pharma s JELMYTO (mitomycin) for urothelial cancer; 

Protalix BioTherapeutics Elelyso , a recombinant glucocerebrosidase enzyme for Gaucher s disease produced from innovative transgenic plant-based cell cultures; 

Kamada Ltd. s GLASSIA (alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor) for emphysema due to congenital deficiency of alpha-1-proteinase inhibitor; 

RedHill Biopharma s Talicia for Treatment of H. pylori infection; and 

MediWound s NexoBrid , a drug for the debridement of severe burns. 

Bio-convergence successes - Israel s strengths in engineering,
IT and life sciences, make the emerging arena of bio-convergence another potential significant growth engine for the Israeli high-tech
industry. Israeli multidisciplinary research combining engineering and biology has produced to-date multiple success stories, such as: 

Pillcam, the first ingestible diminutive camera for gastrointestinal imaging developed by Given Imaging and sold to Covidien; 

Medinol s pioneering flexible closed cell coronary stent; 

InSightec s groundbreaking MRI-guided Focused Ultrasound Surgery (MRgFUS), FDA- approved for Parkinson s disease; 

NeuroDerm s first ever liquid levodopa formulation combined with a pump for continuous sub-cutaneous administration in Parkinson s disease (acquired by Mitsubishi Tanabe for 1.1 billion); 

BiosenseWebster s CARTO 3 3D cardiac electrophysiological mapping system for arrhythmia treatment, acquired by Johnson Johnson; 

MediGuide s Medical Positioning System, that uses proprietary sub-millimeter sensors for minimally-invasive, intra-body navigation (sold to St. Jude Medical); 

Nanox s innovative Cold-Cathode x-ray source for more efficient radiological imaging; 

Medi-Tate s iTind, a minimally-invasive device to treat benign prostate hyperplasia, recently acquired by Olympus for 250 million; 

InMode s novel radio-frequency-based technology that enables minimally-invasive procedures and improves existing surgical procedures across several surgical specialties, such as plastic surgery and dermatology; 

Mazor Robotics X STEALTH Edition guidance system for spinal surgery, a technology that originated at the Technion, Israel s Institute of Technology, and acquired by Medtronic for 1.6 billion; and 

NovoCure s Optune, an electric field generator to treat gioblastoma multiforme (a type of brain cancer). 

Looking ahead - While the Israeli life sciences industry is
dominated by medical device companies, which represented as of 2020, approximately 39 of all Israeli life sciences companies, the healthcare
IT/digital health sector has been growing in recent years. Accordingly, Israel s life sciences industry s role in the global
healthcare IT and digital health ecosystem is increasing, from 1.5 of global investments in digital health in 2014 to 4.5 in 2019, whereas
the country s population represents only about 0.1 of the world s population (IIA 2021 annual report). Of the 92 life science
companies established In Israel in 2020, 43 were in the digital health subsector, which corresponds with the overall boost in this subsector
in the past five years (IIA 2021 annual report). Recent Israeli successes in the field of health-related information technology include
Zebra Medical Vision s FDA-approved radiological analytics platform, and MDClone s ADAMS big data platform for synthesizing,
analyzing, and sharing anonymized clinical data. 

2 

Catalysts of the Israeli healthcare industry: 

In addition to its academic excellence and a track record of commercial
successes, several additional factors enhance the Israeli healthcare ecosystem: 

Educated and skilled workforce - Israel enjoys a very high percentage of engineers and scientists per capita 140 scientists and technicians per 10,000 employees, highest in the world as of 2011 (Eduard Shteinbuk R D and Innovation as a Growth Engine , National Research University - Higher School of Economics (published July 2011)) and a very high ratio of academic publications per capita (25 th in the world in the publication of scientific and technical articles in the fields of physics, biology, chemistry, mathematics, clinical medicine, biomedical research, engineering and technology, and earth and space sciences in journals classified by the Institute for Scientific Information s Science Citation Index (SCI) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) as of 2016). 

Government support - The Israeli government founded the Technology Incubator program in the early 1990s. According to the IIA 2021 annual report, as of the date of the report, there were over 22 technological, biotechnological and peripheral entrepreneurship incubators across the country, all of which have been privatized and are owned by seasoned and experienced groups, such as venture capital funds and multinational corporations, as well as private investors. The incubators offer government funding of up to 85 of early-stage project costs for two years. They nurture companies from seed to early stage, thus minimizing the risk to the investor. More than 1,100 projects (as of the date of the IIA 2019 annual report) have so far graduated from the incubators, with over 45 successfully attracting additional investments from different investors. Moreover, the Israeli government (through the IIA) has been investing more than 100 million in the life sciences sector every year for more than a decade via its different programs (IIA 2021 annual report). The main program is the R D Fund, which offers R D grants of up to 40 of the approved R D program cost. 

Investment support - The Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law, enables foreign companies operating in Israel to benefit from a reduced company tax rate and investment grants. Another incentive program offered by the government provides employment grants for R D centers in Israel, with a four-year grant scheme covering on average 25 of the employer s cost of salaries for each new employee. 

Strong VC industry - The total investments in life science companies in Israel in 2020 and in Q1 2021 were 2.5 billion and 900 million, respectively, a significant increase of approximately 55 in 2020 compared to 2019 and a record high in the last decade. Of the total investments in 2020, more than 200 million was invested by Israeli venture capital funds; in the first quarter of 2021, Israeli venture capital funds already invested 100 million, almost 50 of their investment in the full year of 2020 (IIA 2021 annual report). 

Flexible, creative economy - Flexibility and adaptability to change are widely considered primary factors affecting business performance. The world competitiveness index of IMD (a business school that purports to be a leader and pioneer in corporate leadership development) places this attribute among the leading indexes of economic competitiveness. Israel s ability to swiftly translate market demands into organizational action accounts for its consistently strong performance in the flexibility index and its broad acceptance as a global capital of innovation. 

Advantages of SPAC business combination for mature Israeli healthcare
companies - For several years, Nasdaq has been the Israeli life sciences companies main source for public funding. Over 40
of the 80+ Israeli companies listed on Nasdaq are life sciences companies. Approximately 4.7 billion was raised on Nasdaq by Israeli
life sciences companies in the last decade. In 2020 alone, 751 million was raised on Nasdaq by 22 Israeli life science companies, and
in the first quarter on 2021, 203 million was raised by five such companies (IIA 2021 annual report). However, while a significant number
of mature, potentially profitable, Israeli healthcare companies would be ideal candidates to go public via the route of an initial public
offering on Nasdaq, they often have difficulties doing so because of size barriers that generally restrict such offerings to larger companies.
Additionally, Israeli companies attempts at public offerings on Nasdaq are hindered by the limited local expertise needed for such
a process and are particularly sensitive to its inherent uncertainty. Given the growth in the market for special purpose acquisition companies
(in terms of number of companies and the amount of funds raised by them) in recent years, we believe that this approach can be utilized
to address this unmet need and enable worthwhile, growth Israeli healthcare companies to scale up and expand. 

As mentioned above, the Israeli healthcare industry has had many success
stories and has developed to-date a thorough knowhow that harbors great potential for future successes. As a SPAC that is focused solely
on the Israeli healthcare industry and is led by our management and sponsor, which have substantive Israeli business knowledge, experience
and relationships, we believe that we will enjoy the privilege of selecting a promising company out of a large variety of available companies. 

3 

Acquisition Strategy and Criteria 

Our acquisition strategy is to identify an untapped opportunity within
our target Israeli healthcare industry and offer a public-ready business, a facility through which to enter the public sphere, access
capital markets, and advance its priorities. We are focusing on small to mid-size Israeli-related healthcare companies that have a solid
novel technological foundation and promising market opportunities which have so far refrained from becoming public for a variety of reasons.
We hope to serve as an attractive partner for those companies, enabling them to go public in an alternate, more easily accessible manner
- a business combination transaction - and to thereby benefit from the capital-raising options available for a publicly traded company
in the U.S. 

Our sponsor s participants and their affiliates have extensive
experience and expertise in strategic investments in public and private companies where they have a strong investment conviction driven
by clearly identifiable growth opportunities. We will apply a similar investment philosophy and approach to analyze prospective targets
and identify an attractive business combination. 

We have identified the following general, non-exclusive criteria and
guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We have been using these
criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with
a target that does not meet one or more of these criteria and guidelines. We intend to focus on target businesses or assets with the following
attributes: 

Small-to Middle-Market Businesses We believe that the small-to middle-market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment and is consistent with our sponsor s participants investment history across the various healthcare segments. These segments are where our management team has the strongest capability to identify attractive opportunities. We are seeking to acquire potential target businesses which can use the funding we bring to achieve value-creating milestones. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company . We are seeking potential target businesses with scientific or other competitive advantages in the markets in which they operate that can benefit from a broader access to capital, and the heightened public profile associated with being a publicly traded company. 

Technology-Driven Business Model . We are seeking to acquire potential target businesses with a pioneering scientific and technology platform, including in the life sciences/biotech, medical technology, healthcare information technology and technology-enabled services sector. 

Experienced Management Team . We are seeking to acquire business with a strong, experienced managerial, financial, and technology/scientific experience as well as mature policies on corporate governance and reporting in place. 

Significant Growth Prospects . We are looking to select a target business expected to have significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities; with near- and longer-term valuation inflection points that will allow them to reap the advantages and acceleration of having access to public capital markets. 

We may use other criteria and guidelines as well. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations,
factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. If we decide to enter an initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that fact in our shareholder communications related to the acquisition.
As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, this would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a comprehensive
due diligence review. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, initial public offering
readiness assessment, business practices integration analysis, document reviews, meetings with the target s management and other
employees, inspection of facilities, consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers, and suppliers, as well as a
review of additional information (operational, financial, legal and otherwise) that we obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

4 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We believe that the operational and transactional experience of our
management team and members of our sponsor (and the investors in the sponsor) and the relationships they have developed because of such
experience, provides us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Our management team and other members of
our sponsor have operated and invested in leading Israeli and global healthcare companies across their corporate life cycles and have
developed deep relationships with organizations and investors operating around the world, and in our target region, Israel, in particular.
This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring, and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources
and target management teams. Our management team members have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic
and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships and this experience will help us to identify
attractive Israeli-related healthcare technology-based businesses that can benefit from access to the public markets, and execute complex
business combination transactions, thereby enhancing shareholder value. In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises
seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

We believe that we are uniquely positioned to leverage our sponsor s,
affiliates and management team s successful track record growing Israeli healthcare technology companies into large, successful
publicly traded entities, and their deep network of relationships in Israel and elsewhere, as strong competitive advantages. We utilize
our management s and sponsor s expertise and their respective proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong
pipeline of potential targets. 

We believe that the experience of our management team and directors
in evaluating assets through investing and company building enables us to source the highest quality targets. Our selection process leverages
the relationships of our management team with industry captains, leading venture capitalists, private equity and hedge fund managers,
respected peers, and a network of investment banking executives, attorneys, and accountants. Together with this network of trusted partners,
we can capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic initiatives to achieve attractive growth and performance targets. 

Our management team consists of professionals and senior operating
executives of various companies and entities with decades of experience and industry exposure in various Israeli healthcare industries.
Based on our management team s extensive experience and industry exposure, we believe that we may be able to identify, evaluate
the risk and reward of, and execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Significant Activities since Inception 

On November 2, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of its initial
public offering, selling 12,650,000 units to the public and generating aggregate gross proceeds of 126,500,000 for the Company. Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share and one-half redeemable warrant of the Company,
each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. 

Substantially concurrent with the closing of the initial public offering,
the Company completed the private sale of 4,866,667 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to Cactus Healthcare Management
LP at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating aggregate gross proceeds of 7,300,000 for the Company. 

Following the respective closings, a total of 129,030,000 was placed
in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as
trustee. 

Our units commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on November
2, 2021 under the symbol CCTSU . As of December 30, 2021, holders of the units sold in the Company s initial public
offering could begin to elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and warrants included in the units. The Class A ordinary
shares and warrants that are separated may be traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols CCTS and CCTSW, 
respectively. Units that are not separated continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol CCTSU. 

5 

Competitive Strengths 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe that our structure makes us an attractive business combination
partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public
offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares
of stock or other equity interests in the target business for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash,
allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe that target businesses
might find this avenue a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. In
a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will
likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target
business will have effectively become a public company, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we
believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent
with shareholders interests than it would have as a privately-held company. Public company status can offer further benefits by
enhancing a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our status as a public company will make us an
attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company
as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These limitations
include constraints on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of
similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in relation
thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding warrants, which may represent a source
of future dilution. 

Financial Position 

With funds available in our trust fund in an amount of 132,022,981
(as of March 16, 2023), which amount will be reduced as a result of (i) any redemptions in connection with the extension meeting and/or
a meeting to approve a business combination, (ii) payment of up to 4,427,500 as a deferred underwriting fee to Oppenheimer and Moelis
in connection with the business combination and (iii) additional fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we
offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth
and expansion of its operations, or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the
most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires.
However, given the possibility that there may be a significant percentage of our public shareholders that may elect to redeem their shares
in connection with our extension meeting and/or a meeting to approve a business combination, thereby reducing our cash resources, we may
need to secure third party financing in order to successfully effect such a business combination and there can be no assurance that it
will be available to us. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive
commercial business during our initial period of existence as a public company. We intend to utilize the cash derived from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the concurrent private placement of private warrants, along with our shares, debt or a combination
of these in effecting a business combination. Accordingly, investors who purchase our securities currently do not yet have the ability
to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time
delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative,
we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the
ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

6 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the fair market value requirement described below, we have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses
other than as described above. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business
with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in
a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Based on our management s business knowledge and past experience,
we believe that there are numerous potential candidates as target business. Our principal means of identifying potential target businesses
is by leveraging the extensive contacts and relationships of our initial shareholders, officers and directors. While our officers and
directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses,
the relationships that they have developed over their careers and their access to our sponsor s members and affiliates 
contacts and resources have been able to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that warrant further investigation.
Target business candidates are also brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture
capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target
businesses have been brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings.
These sources have also introduced us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, because many of
these sources will have read our public disclosures and know what types of businesses we are targeting. 

Our officers and directors must present to us all target business opportunities
that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in
the trust account, and prior to any reduction due to redemptions at the extension meeting), at the time of the agreement to enter into
the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. We may engage the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on a formal basis, in which event we may pay a finder s fee,
consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no
event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than: the 10,000 monthly administrative services fee;
the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination; the repayment of 450,000 of loans that our sponsor is expected to extend to
us in April 2023 for working capital purposes, which will be represented by a promissory note that we will issue to our sponsor; and repayment
of the remainder of up to 1,500,000 (including the foregoing 450,000 amount) of loans that the sponsor or its affiliates may provide
to us, which may be converted by the lenders into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the
option of the lenders. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention
to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However,
we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our
disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial
point of view. 

7 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations
and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes
payable on the income accrued in the trust account, and prior to any reduction due to redemptions at the extension meeting) at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire
a controlling interest in the target business, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses,
except as described above under Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination . 

An evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination
is based, to the extent relevant, on such factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business
combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence
review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial
and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated
third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business
and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with certainty. Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed results
in a loss to us and reduces the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq listing rules require that the target business or businesses
that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account, and prior to any reduction due to redemptions at the extension meeting) at the
time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then
listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire,
or to be acquired by, the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly
with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business
combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 
controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately
prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust
account balance test. We could also be acquired by the target business (as is done often with Israeli target companies), in which case
the target company will issue to our shareholders a number of shares representing a certain percentage of the combined company, and our
company will be merged with, and survive as, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the target company. In that structure, as well, the valuation
given to the target company in the transaction will need to exceed 80 of the value of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding
taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account, and prior to any reduction due to redemptions at the extension meeting). 

8 

The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board
of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction
will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations.
If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion
from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with
respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair
market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

We expect to complete our business combination with just one business.
Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success will likely be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single
business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating
in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity,
our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although we scrutinize the management of a prospective target business
when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business 
management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications
or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following
a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain
associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their
full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after
the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business
combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for
them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the
consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination
will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally,
we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular
target business. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional
managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit
additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business
Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either
(1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may
seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders
with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an
amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case
subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek
shareholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender
all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. In that case, we will file tender offer documents
with the SEC, which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek shareholder approval or engage in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial business
combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, if we
seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 under our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination and do not believe that we will comply with
the 5,000,001 threshold (due to redemptions of shares or otherwise), we may seek shareholder approval to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to eliminate that threshold as part of the approval of the business combination. We may, in the
alternative, agree with a target business on a working capital closing condition or other condition that requires us to have a minimum
amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination in an amount that causes us to
exceed 5,000,001 in net tangible assets either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination. Any such minimum
cash condition may force us to seek third party financing, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result,
we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the
applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders who do not redeem their shares in connection with the extension meeting may therefore
have to wait 18 months (or, if the extension is approved at the extension meeting, up to 24 months) from the closing date of our initial
public offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. Our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and
directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert
any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination, and (3) not sell any ordinary
shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

None of our officers, directors, sponsor, initial shareholders or their
affiliates indicated any intention to purchase Class A ordinary shares from public shareholders in the open market or in private transactions.
However, in connection with the extension meeting or a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, if a significant number of
shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against the extension or against such proposed business combination or intend to
have their shares redeemed, our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private
transactions in order to influence the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors,
sponsor and their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule
10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Redemption Rights 

At the extension meeting and at any additional general meeting called
to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may request that we redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the extension or proposed business combination (as applicable) or do not vote at all, and to receive their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the extension meeting or prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination (as applicable), less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, in the case of approval
of the business combination, we may provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their Class A ordinary shares to us through
a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

Our sponsor, initial shareholders and our officers and directors will
not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our initial
public offering or purchased by them in the initial public offering or in the aftermarket. 

10 

We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder
or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the
holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the
extension or the business combination (as applicable). There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and
the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering
broker 45.00, and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred
regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of
exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to do so prior to the extension or prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination,
and the proposed extension or business combination is not consummated, and, consequently, redemptions are not this may result in an increased
cost to shareholders. 

Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection
with a vote for the extension and for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy
such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement
up until two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the extension or business combination to deliver his,
her or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. This time period varies depending on the specific
facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he, she or it is a
record holder or his, her or its shares are held in street name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer
agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his, her or its shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient
for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. 

Any request to redeem public shares once made, may be withdrawn at
any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of Class
A ordinary shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their redemption and subsequently decides prior to the applicable
date not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or
electronically). 

If the extension or initial business combination is not approved or
completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public
holders. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months, or, if our extension is approved, 24 months,
from the closing date of our initial public offering. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business
Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only
18 months, or, if the extension is approved at the upcoming extension meeting, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public
offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 18-month
or 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month or, if the extension
is approved, 24-month time period. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within 18 months or during any extension period from the closing date of our initial public offering. However,
if our initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month or, if the extension is approved,
24-month time frame. 

11 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from the 243,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account
as of December 31, 2022, plus proceeds from a 450,000 loan from the sponsor that will be represented by a promissory note that we will
issue to the sponsor, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are
not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest
accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000
of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. We could also request additional funding from our sponsor and/or its partners
under those circumstances. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering and the sale of the private warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account
interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be
approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which
would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you
that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than
our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management performs an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find
a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will
be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent
auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a
transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to
any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently engage are vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers,
computer or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations.
We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

12 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
(1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value
of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to
indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. We will have access to up to approximately 120,000 of funds that are held by our company outside of the trust account (as of March
30, 2023), plus an additional 450,000 of funds from a loan from our sponsor that we expect to receive in April 2023), with which to pay
any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more
than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. The foregoing 120,000
amount held outside of the trust as of March 30, 2023 was the amount that remained from the proceeds of our initial public offering and
accompanying private placement, after payment of 1,128,000 in offering expenses and all operating expenses to date, and before receipt
of the additional 450,000 loan from our sponsor (which is expected in April 2023). 

If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up
or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
insolvency laws and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20
per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by
our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in
bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with the shareholder
vote for the extension or any other shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as
described herein or to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual Report,
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; (2) the
completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within 18 months or 24 months, if the extension is approved, from the closing date of our initial public
offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the trust account. In connection with the extension meeting or in the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the extension or our initial business combination
alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

13 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert
or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months or, if the extension is
approved, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that: prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their
public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of
our initial business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for
an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted
are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination
is not consummated within 18 months or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public offering,
then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or
(2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months
or, if our extension is approved, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. 

These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders
of at least two-thirds of our Class A ordinary shares present and voting at a general meeting. In the event we seek shareholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may
consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a general
meeting in favor of the business combination. 

Additionally, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founders shares are the only shareholders that will have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors and the right to remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of
our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any
vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founders shares and holders of our
public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. At the extension meeting, we will
seek approval for an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would allow the holder of our founder
shares (our sponsor) to convert, at its discretion, those shares into Class A ordinary shares even prior to our initial business combination.
Such a conversion, if effected by the sponsor, would eliminate the practical distinction between the founder shares and public shares
as to their voting rights. 

14 

Comparison of redemption or purchase prices in connection with the
extension or our initial business combination with a situation in which we fail to complete our initial business combination. 

The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases
of public shares that may take place in connection with the extension or the completion of our initial business combination with redemptions
that would occur if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months or, if the extension is approved, 24 months,
from the closing of our IPO. 

Redemptions in Connection 
with Extension or our 
Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Other Permitted Purchases 
of Public Shares by our 
Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if we fail to 
Complete an Initial Business 
Combination 
 
 Calculation of 
redemption 
price 
 
 Redemptions at the time of the extension or our initial business combination may be made in connection with a shareholder vote (or, in the case of the initial business combination, a tender offer). The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote or pursuant to a tender offer. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the extension meeting or consummation of the initial business combination (which is currently anticipated to be approximately 10.48 per share), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. 
 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. Such purchases will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. 
 
 If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, from the closing of our IPO, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (which is currently anticipated to be approximately 10.48 per share), including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. 

Impact to remaining shareholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection with the extension or our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting fee and interest withdrawn in order to pay taxes (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made, there will be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 

15 

Competition 

We face intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours and whose sponsors and/or affiliates have experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions
of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and
other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with
those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of
our initial business combination, and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. We may furthermore face competition from other newly-formed entities that may target a business combination
transaction with similar focus areas as ours, which may intensify the competition that we face in achieving our objective. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties
to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
(1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company
and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

16 

Employees 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we have two (2) officers. Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers
or any other members of our management team devote in any time period varies based on the status of our pursuit of a target business for
our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants under
the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, each of our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of proxy solicitation materials or the tender offer materials to be sent to shareholders to assist
them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with PCAOB standards. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; however, as we are not deemed to be a large accelerated filer
or an accelerated filer, and still qualify as an emerging growth company, will are not required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1)
the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing date of our initial public offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s
second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

17 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including,
among other things, providing only two years of our statements of operations, changes in equity and cash flows in our audited financial
statements, and presenting a comparison of our most recent annual results only against one prior year period. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equal or exceed 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants. If any of the following events
occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights in connection with our upcoming extension meeting or the business combination, we
would not be able to meet that closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Over the
past year or so, the rate of redemption of shares by public shareholders of special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, such as ours
at the time of the extension of the expiration date of the SPAC or the initial business combination of the SPAC has increased significantly,
thereby increasing the likelihood that we, too, will face a high level of redemptions that will jeopardize our ability to successfully
consummate a business combination. 

Furthermore, under our current amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (unless we seek to amend them in connection with a vote on our initial business combination), in no event will
we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial
business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial
business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed
with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not
receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you
could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount
per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected
in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and we will therefore need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third party financing. In
addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction
to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. As noted above, the high rates of
redemption of shares of public shareholders of SPACs in recent times increases the likelihood that we, too, will have less cash from our
trust at the time of our initial business combination, thereby forcing us to rely upon outside financing to supplement our cash reserves.
Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. 

18 

We may not remain qualified for continued listing, or qualify
for initial listing for the combined company, in each case, on the Nasdaq Stock Market, following the extension meeting or the shareholder
meeting at which the approval of our initial business combination is sought, respectively. 

We have notified our shareholders
that we will be holding the extension meeting on April 20, 2023, at which we will seek shareholder approval for the extension of our expiration
date. In addition, in connection with an initial business combination, we may seek shareholder approval of the transaction at a general
meeting. In connection with each such meeting, under our current amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we
will be required to allow our public shareholders to redeem their public shares in advance of the meeting, until two business days prior
to the meeting. Given the expected high rate of redemption of shares by public shareholders in connection with each such general
meeting, we may be at risk of falling out of compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing qualifications (following the extension meeting)
or failing to meet the initial listing qualifications for the potential combined company (upon completion of the shareholder meeting at
which the business combination will be approved). 

In particular, if there are heightened
levels of redemptions at the extension meeting, we may fail to maintain compliance with the Nasdaq Stock Market continued listing requirements
(assuming the minimal requirements imposed by the Nasdaq Capital Market, which are the most lenient) related to market value of listed
securities 35.0 million), number of unrestricted publicly-held shares (500,000), market value of publicly-held shares 1.0 million)
and total shareholders (300). 

Similarly, if there are extensive
redemptions in connection with a shareholder meeting to approve an initial business combination, the combined company resulting from our
potential initial business combination may fail to meet the Nasdaq initial listing requirements relating to market value of the listed
securities 50.0 million if the combined company has at least 4.0 million of shareholders equity, or 75.0 million if that shareholders 
equity test is not met), unrestricted publicly held shares (1.0 million shares, or 1.1 million shares if the combined company does not
have at least 4.0 million of shareholders equity), market value of publicly-held shares 15.0 million, or 20.0 million if the
foregoing shareholders equity test is not met), and the minimum shareholder requirement (at least 300 round lot holders with at
least 150 having positions of at least 2,500, or at least 400 round lot holders with at least 200 having positions of at least 2,500
if the foregoing shareholders equity test is not met) after taking into account holders of public shares that properly demanded
redemption of their public shares for cash, when it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. 

If we fail to maintain compliance
with the Nasdaq continued listing qualifications upon completion of the extension meeting or the Nasdaq initial listing qualifications
for the potential combined company upon completion of the shareholder meeting at which the business combination will be approved, that
may frustrate our ability to successfully consummate our initial business combination, in which case public shareholders would need to
wait until our liquidation to retrieve their investment in our public shares. 

We may be unable to obtain on reasonable terms or at all 
additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could
compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

If the available net proceeds available to us for our initial business
combination (due to excessive redemptions in connection with our extension meeting or a shareholder
meeting to approve an initial business combination, or the expenditure of excessive funds in investigating potential target companies) 
are insufficient, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you
that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable
when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that
particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
market for financings of initial business combinations of SPACs has been very difficult over the course of the last year or so, with financings
often available only on terms that are onerous to the combined company following the business combination. The failure to secure additional
financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors
or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than
 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share 
and other risk factors below. 

19 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur
substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have not committed as of the date of this Annual Report
to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete
our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver
of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on
our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all
principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary
additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security
is issued and outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary
shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit
the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would provide value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination is aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 24 months, if an
extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary general meeting) from the closing date of our initial public offering.
Consequently, any such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete
our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with
any target business. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have just over one month, or, if the extension is approved, just over seven
months, remaining to consummate a business combination. As a result, this risk has increased as we have gotten closer to the end of the
18-month or, if the extension is approved, 24-month, period. We may also have more limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter
into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation and/or if we had more
time. 

20 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by unfavorable macro-economic trends. 

Certain global macro-economic trends that developed in the aftermath
of the COVID-19 pandemic have been adversely impacting the global economic environment. Supply chain delays, initially caused by closures
during the pandemic, and rising shipping costs, which have been exacerbated by the ongoing Russian invasion of the Ukraine, have contributed
towards inflationary pressures on many goods and commodities globally. The infusion of money into circulation as part of a loose 
monetary policy during the pandemic to encourage consumer spending, along with historically low interest rates for an extended period
of time, which were designed to ease economic conditions, further triggered upwards pressure on prices of goods and services. The high
rates of inflation globally have caused governments and central banks to act to curb inflation, including by raising interest rates, which
has been inhibiting economic activity and access to capital markets, and may cause a recession, whether in individual countries or regions,
or globally. 

These deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact our access
to financing for the combined company upon the consummation of a potential business combination, thereby frustrating our ability to effect
that combination. 

If the disruptions posed by unfavorable macro-economic conditions continue
for a further extensive period of time, the operations of the target company with which we would combine may be materially adversely affected. 

Because there are many special purpose acquisition companies
evaluating targets, attractive targets have become scarcer and there is more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the
cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, through 2021, the number of special purpose acquisition
companies that were formed and conducted their initial public offering increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose
acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies seeking targets for their initial business combination. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and
it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models has increased, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be
relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. 

Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such
as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business
combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate
our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business
combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete
our initial business combination within 18 months, or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public
offering. We may not be able to complete an initial business combination by the conclusion of such time period. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and
the other risks described herein. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
such 18 month or 24 month period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the remaining outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.20 per share, or less than 10.20 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See 
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

21 

The notes to the condensed financial statements included in this
Annual Report contain an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate an initial business
combination will be successful, which is in part dependent on our ability to obtain sufficient financing for the company that continues
after that business combination. The market for financings of companies emerging from a business combination with a SPAC has become very
tight in the last several months. In the absence of such a business combination transaction, our company will cease to exist after 18
months, or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, have passed from the closing date of our initial public offering, which would occur
less than 12 months following the date of this Annual Report. The short-term expiration date for our company as well as the question as
to whether we will have the required financial resources to complete our initial business combination raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained in the F-1 pages of this Annual Report do not include any adjustments
that might result from our inability to consummate a business combination or our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our
public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without
voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even
if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The decision as to whether we
will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to
engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking
to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were
structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval
of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek
shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with
an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a
business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business
combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect
the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period
of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we
describe our initial business combination. 

22 

We need to comply with the rules of Nasdaq that require our initial
business combination to occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets
held in the trust account at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. 

The rules of Nasdaq require that our initial business combination occur
with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate
a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20
per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we are
not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would not be required to satisfy the foregoing 80 fair market value test and could
complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80 of the balance in the trust
account. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial
shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination
thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such
shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise
its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately
negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to
vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different
than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business
combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination when it may not otherwise
have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified,
we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible
assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants and have filed
a Current Report on Form 8-K that provided an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the
SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections
of those rules. Among other things, this means our units are immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our
initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the
trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

23 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to
hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class
A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

Because the funds being held outside of the trust account may
be insufficient to allow us to operate for the remainder of the 18-month period or, if the extension is approved, 24-month period following
our initial public offering, that could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete
our initial business combination, and we may depend on additional loans from our sponsor or management team to fund those activities. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust account may be insufficient
to allow us to operate for the remainder of the initial 18 months or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, following our initial public
offering. As of March 30, 2023, only approximately 120,000 is available to us outside of the trust account to fund our working capital
requirements. 

We are incurring significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans.
Management s plans to address this need for capital is discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report. In particular, our sponsor and its three primary limited partners
have committed to funding, and are expected to fund in April 2023, 450,000 in working capital by way of loans that may be converted by
them (at their election) into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares. However, if that funding does not suffice for our working
capital purposes, we would need to raise additional financing in order to fund our expenses. Any such financing could be repaid only from
funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We may not be able
to obtain such financing. Any lack of financing may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial business combination transaction. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In that case,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their
shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds
from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements,
or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust
account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

24 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any
claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years
following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a vendor (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20
per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters as part of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Accordingly, our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were
successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced
to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive
such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

If our sponsor fulfills its foregoing indemnity obligations, but then
seeks indemnity for those obligations from us or from the surviving entity in a business combination transaction, that could reduce the
consideration payable to you in any such business combination transaction. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay
taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a
particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount
of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

25 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, (or the Investment Company Act), our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
of securities; 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial
business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
company; 

adoption of a specific form
of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject
us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government
treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments,
we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in SEC rules affecting special purpose acquisition companies
may adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination. 

Our consummation of a business combination may be contingent upon our
ability to comply with certain laws, regulations, interpretations and applications, and any post-business combination company may be subject
to additional laws, regulations, interpretations and applications. Compliance with the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming and
costly. Laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among
other items, disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies, or SPACs, and private operating
companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings
in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination
transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, including
a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that
limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed
or in a revised form, which as of the date of this Annual Report such rules have not been adopted, may increase the costs of and the time
needed to negotiate and complete an initial business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an
initial business combination. 

26 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional
and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring
of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and
application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and
results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution
was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to
be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would
be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of up to 18,292 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

Because we are not limited to any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business 
operations. 

While we are focused upon a combination with technology-based healthcare
businesses that are domiciled in Israel, that carry out all or a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some
other significant Israeli connection, we nevertheless may pursue acquisition opportunities in any one of numerous industries or geographic
locations. We are not, however, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our business
combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our business combination,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
and operations of a financially unstable or an early-stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender
offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that
we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating
prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not
have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of
these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria
and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing
condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may
be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

27 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no
assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated
entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination with
the proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants, along with funding from our sponsor, which will cause
us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services, or product candidates. This lack
of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the
private warrants, which was initially 130,142,000, along with the 450,000 loan that we received from our sponsor and its three primary
limited partners, may be reduced significantly due to redemptions by our public shareholders in connection with the extension meeting
and a meeting to approve our initial business combination. In addition, we will need to pay related fees and expenses (which fees will
include approximately 4,427,500 for the payment of a deferred underwriting fee to Oppenheimer and Moelis) in connection with the completion
of our business combination. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target
business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our
initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. 

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes, services or potential products. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
to our initial business combination. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company,
a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an
early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without
a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties
in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time
to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

28 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with
a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our
initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The
absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority
of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do
not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that they currently provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our
initial business combination (such that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result,
we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree
with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not
conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately
negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors, any of their affiliates. We or our sponsor may
also engage a third-party purchaser to make such purchases from shareholders who would otherwise redeem their shares, in order to maintain
our public float and qualify for listing our shares on Nasdaq upon consummation of our initial business combination. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus
any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for
redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank
check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. At the extension meeting,
we will seek, and we may once again seek at a meeting to approved our initial business combination, to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination, which
some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check
companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example, blank
check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate
an initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special
resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman
Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles
of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution
of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions
must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholders meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination, which require the approval of the holders of at least 90 of our ordinary shares as, being entitled to do so, vote
in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. At the extension meeting, we will seek to obtain
shareholder approval for amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that will (i) provide for the extension
and (ii) enable our sponsor to convert its founder shares into Class A ordinary shares at any time prior to our initial business combination.
The second of these proposed amendments is intended to ease our compliance with the Nasdaq continued listing requirements prior to our
initial business combination, as the conversion of the founder shares will assist us in complying with the Nasdaq market value of listed
securities standard in the event of substantial redemptions in connection with the extension meeting. We cannot assure you that following
the extension meeting we will not seek to further amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments
or further extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

29 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds
of our ordinary shares that, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our then outstanding
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to
facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter
which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that any of their provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including
the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of units into the trust account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who,
being entitled to do so, attend and vote in a general meeting (amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to
our initial business combination instead require the approval of at least 90 of our shares voting in a general meeting). Corresponding
provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of
our then outstanding ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our shares, may participate in
any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (other than any amendment materially adversely impacting
our public shares) and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able
to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior
more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with
which you do not agree. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibit any amendment of their provisions
(A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination
as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of the redemption rights provided to shareholders as described in this Annual
Report if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or, if the extension is approved, 24 months) from the
closing date of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Furthermore,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose such an amendment
unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. In certain circumstances, our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the
warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder
if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the
terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of
such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or
decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

30 

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering may
be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to
our initial public offering, the investment management trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (other
than provisions contained therein governing the release of funds from our trust account), the letter agreement among us and our sponsor,
officers and directors, the registration rights agreement between us and our sponsor, and the administrative and support services agreement
between us and our sponsor, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders
might deem to be material. For example, the underwriting agreement related to our initial public offering contained a covenant that the
target company that we acquire must have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account at the time of
signing the definitive agreement for the transaction with such target business (excluding (i) the deferred underwriting compensation to
be paid to Oppenheimer and Moelis upon the consummation of that transaction and (ii) taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account)
so long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of
these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and
subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of
our initial business combination. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect
to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement
disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents,
whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financing
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging
growth companies or smaller reporting companies, which could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult
to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders
do not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although
circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company
as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot assure you that investors will not find our securities less attractive because we rely on
these exemptions, which may cause the trading prices of our securities to be lower than they otherwise would be. There may also be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

31 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under
the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides
that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined
in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until
the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of
the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal
quarter. Because we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with
other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and
report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer, and we qualify as an emerging growth company; therefore, we are not required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we
remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with
which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We may be deemed a foreign
person and therefore may not be able to complete our business combination because such transaction may be subject to regulatory
review and approval requirements, including pursuant to foreign investment regulations and review by governmental entities such as the
Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or may be ultimately prohibited. 

Our sponsor, Cactus Healthcare
Management LP, is controlled by non-U.S. persons. While we are focusing our search on technology-based healthcare businesses that are
domiciled in Israel, that carry out all or a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli
connection, we may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry and across any geographical region, including in the
United States. Certain transactions in the United States are subject to specific rules or regulations that may limit, prohibit, or create
additional requirements with respect to foreign ownership of a U.S. company. In particular, our initial business combination, if effected
with a U.S. target company, may be subject to regulatory review and approval requirements by governmental entities, or ultimately prohibited.
For example, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS has authority to review certain direct or
indirect foreign investments in U.S. companies. Among other things, CFIUS is empowered to require certain foreign investors to make mandatory
filings, to charge filing fees related to such filings, and to self-initiate national security reviews of foreign direct and indirect
investments in U.S. companies if the parties to that investment choose not to file voluntarily. If CFIUS determines that an investment
threatens national security, CFIUS has the power to impose restrictions on the investment or recommend that the President of the United
States prohibit it or order divestment. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review an acquisition or investment transaction depends on,
among other factors, the nature and structure of the transaction, the nationality of the parties, the level of beneficial ownership interest
and the nature of any information or governance rights involved. 

32 

As such, a business combination
with a U.S. business or foreign business with U.S. operations that we may wish to pursue may be subject to CFIUS review. If a particular
proposed business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make
a mandatory filing or that we will submit to CFIUS review on a voluntary basis, or to proceed with the transaction without submitting
to CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the transaction. CFIUS may decide to delay or recommend that the President
of the United States block our proposed initial business combination, require conditions with respect to such initial business combination
or recommend that the President of the United States order us to divest all or a portion of the U.S. target business of our business combination
that we acquired without first obtaining CFIUS approval, which may limit the attractiveness of, or delay or prevent us from pursuing,
certain target companies that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. In addition, certain types of U.S.
businesses may be subject to rules or regulations that limit or impose requirements with respect to foreign ownership. 

If CFIUS determines it has jurisdiction,
CFIUS may decide to recommend a block or delay our business combination, or require conditions with respect to it, which may delay or
prevent us from consummating a potential transaction. It is unclear at this stage whether our potential business combination transaction
would fall within CFIUS s jurisdiction, and if so, whether we would be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit
a voluntary notice to CFIUS. 

The process of government review,
whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited amount time left to complete our business combination,
our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the applicable time period required, including as a result of extended regulatory review, we will,
as promptly as reasonably possible, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. In such event, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the chance
of realizing future gains through any price appreciation in the combined company. Additionally, our warrants will become worthless. As
a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete a business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected
in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar ties to non-U.S. persons. 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are
not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation,
drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments requires substantial management time and attention
and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the
costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating
to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond
our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent
attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors. 

33 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

If we effect a business combination with a company located in
Israel or another foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities in Israel
or elsewhere outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating,
agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject
to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

For example, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding
currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding
taxes on individuals; 

exchange listing and/or delisting
requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs
and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic
policies and market conditions; 

transparency issues in general
and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption compliance laws and issues; 

unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements; 

challenges in managing and
staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law
changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange
controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts
receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable
legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual
property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes,
riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political
upheaval; 

34 

terrorist attacks and wars; 

adverse impacts from Russia s
invasion of Ukraine, including increased use of less cost-efficient resources and exacerbation of existing international supply chain
back-ups; and 

deterioration of political
relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If
we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination,
our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business combination
is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could
lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management
could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination
will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of
our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country.
Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies,
developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government
policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy
experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease
in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with
which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business
to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may diminish
a target business ability to succeed in the international markets. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, such as an Israel-centered
entity, as we are planning to do, a substantial portion of revenues and income of the target business may be received in a foreign currency,
as well as a substantial portion of its expenses paid in a foreign currency, whereas its financial results will likely be recorded in
U.S. dollars. As a result, the target business financial results could be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of local
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The value of the currency in our target region - Israel - fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar
and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of that currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency such as the Israeli currency (the New Israeli
Shekel) appreciates in value against the U.S. dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate a transaction with that business. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even though we conduct extensive due diligence on a potential target
business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with
a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or
that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced
to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting
losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any
shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value. 

35 

We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective
target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack
of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect
and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the
skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business
may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon
completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon
the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of
an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business
combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management
will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction
company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even
if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class
A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares and/or other equity interests of a target. In
this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary
shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single
person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more
likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our
initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, including Nachum (Homi) Shamir, our Chairman of the Board, Ofer Gonen, our CEO, and
Stephen T. Wills, our CFO. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some
of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, board member or advisory positions following our initial
business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to
closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these
individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the
SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The
loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

36 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the
completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with
the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could
provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render
to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability
of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our
decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our
key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with
us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Past performance by the companies in which our management team
and our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with,
our management team and sponsor s members and affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management
team and sponsor s members and affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may
consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the
historical record of our management team and sponsor s members and affiliates as indicative of our future performance and you may
lose all or part of your invested capital. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team and
our sponsor s members and affiliates have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. None of our officers, directors
or the partners or affiliates of our sponsor have had management experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition
corporations in the past. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them
may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted by us and, accordingly, may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we engage in
the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, or may in the future
become, affiliated with entities such as operating companies or investment vehicles that are engaged in making and managing investments
in similar businesses. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities
which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors 
business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance, and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

37 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment
in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire), a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 2,875,000 founders shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by
our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. In October 2021, we effected a share dividend of 0.1 shares for each share
then outstanding, thereby resulting in 3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and held by our sponsor. Simultaneously with the
closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased warrants to purchase an additional 4,866,667 Class A ordinary shares. Disregarding
the additional Class A ordinary shares underlying those warrants (and the shares underlying warrants sold in our initial public offering
as part of the units), our sponsor owns 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares. The founders shares will be worthless if we do not
complete an initial business combination. The founders shares which are Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the units as part of our initial public offering except that until the consummation of our initial business
combination transaction, only the founders shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. In addition, both the founders
(Class B ordinary) shares and the private (Class A ordinary) warrants (and shares underlying those warrants) purchased by the sponsor
concurrently with the offering are subject to certain transfer restrictions (unlike public shares). Furthermore, our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
18 months or, if the extension is approved, 24 months, from the closing date of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame), as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month
or, if the extension is approved, 24-month, deadline following the closing date of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline
for the completion of our initial business combination. 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses if our initial business combination is not completed,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination. 

At the closing of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf. In addition, our sponsor may seek certain indemnities from us or from the surviving entity in our initial business combination.
These financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business combination and completing an initial business combination, even if it is not in the best interests of our other shareholders. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance
could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In the recent period of time, the market for directors and officers
liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

38 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain
directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination
entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and
officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

As described above (under the risk factor titled We may
not remain qualified for continued listing, or qualify for initial listing for the combined company, in each case, on the Nasdaq Stock
Market, following the extension meeting or the shareholder meeting at which the approval of our initial business combination is sought,
respectively ), we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq prior to, or upon, our initial business
combination. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market
quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect
to such securities; 

a determination that our Class
A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more
stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and
analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue
additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a
federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered
securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having
used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder
the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would
not qualify as covered securities under such statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

39 

Our initial shareholders control the appointment of our board
of directors until completion of our initial business combination and hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they appoint all
of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, only the founders shares, all of which are held by our initial shareholders,
have the right to vote on the appointment of directors (including at the upcoming extension meeting), and holders of a majority of our
founders shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge,
any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual
Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price
of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert
a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. The purchase by our initial
shareholders of any Class A ordinary shares, including in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, would increase their
influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote
at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If: 

(i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20
per Class A ordinary share; 

(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date
of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

(iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal
to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after
they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of
our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like or as indicated above) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
commencing on the date they become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to
do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than
the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

40 

Our warrants contained in our units, together with our founders
shares and private warrants, may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued, as part of the 12,650,000 units that we offered, warrants
to purchase 6,325,000 Class A ordinary shares with an exercise price of 11.50 per warrant (subject to adjustment as provided herein),
and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we sold in a private placement an aggregate of 4,866,667 private
warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
Our sponsor currently holds 3,162,500 founders shares. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per
warrant, at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares
to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon
exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance
will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued
to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founders shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of
our initial public offering units except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not
be redeemable by us; (2) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; and
(3) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights with respect to
the resale thereof. 

There is currently a limited market for our securities, which
could adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

Shareholders have limited access to information about prior market
history on which to base their investment decision. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business
combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or,
if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be
limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers,
or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to
time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of
the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman
Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court
in the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of our shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

41 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts
of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the
Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will
recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the
principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment
has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be
final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands
judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of
which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held
to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought
elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more
difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling
shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that unless we consent to an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum of
resolution of any claims arising under the Securities Act, which may impose additional litigation costs on our shareholders. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, unless we consent otherwise, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum
for the resolution of any claims arising under the Securities Act (for the sake of clarification, this provision does not apply to causes
of action arising under the Exchange Act). While this provision of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association does not restrict the ability of our shareholders to bring claims under the Securities Act, nor does it affect the remedies
available thereunder if such claims are successful, we recognize that it may limit shareholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that they find favorable and may increase certain litigation costs which may discourage the filing of claims under the Securities
Act against us, our directors and our officers. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies organizational
documents has been challenged in legal proceedings and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions
in our amended and restated articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

42 

Our amended and restated articles of association provide that
unless we consent otherwise, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes between our
company and our shareholders under the Companies Act. 

Unless we consent otherwise, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall
have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our memorandum and articles of association
or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in the company, including but not limited to (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee of our company to our company or our company s shareholders, or (iii) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act and each shareholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have,
each shareholder shall also be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach
of this exclusive forum provision in our memorandum and articles and that accordingly we will be entitled, without proof of special damages,
to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of this provision. This
exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Cayman Islands law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant
to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which federal courts would have exclusive jurisdiction. Such exclusive
forum provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not relieve our company of its duties to comply
with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and shareholders of our company will not be deemed to have waived
our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. This exclusive forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring
a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with our company or our directors or officers which may discourage lawsuits against
our company, our directors, and our officers. 

However, there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the
exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum
provision contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

After our initial business combination, it is possible that a
majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially of our assets will be located outside
the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority
of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

43 

An investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse
United States federal income tax consequences. 

An investment in our securities may result in uncertain United States
federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units
that we issued in our initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the
Class A ordinary share and the one-half warrant included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, it is
unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period
for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term
capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for federal
income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when
purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our extension meeting or initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable,
when conducting redemptions in connection with the extension meeting and our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware
of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we are distributing
in connection with the extension meeting and that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the
event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Effecting
a Business Combination Redemption Rights. 

The warrants that are part of the units that we offered publicly
and issued privately, together with our grant of registration rights to our sponsor and others, may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares and may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase up to 6,325,000 ordinary shares at a
price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment as provided herein) as part of the 12,650,000 units that we sold as part of our initial
public offering following the full exercise of the over-allotment option. Furthermore, simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering, we issued to our sponsor in a private placement an aggregate of 4,866,667 private warrants. Each warrant is exercisable
to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes
any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private warrants. 

Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into concurrently with the
issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, management team and their permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of their founders shares beginning at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor,
as the holder of our private warrants, and its permitted transferees, can demand that we register the resale of the private warrants,
or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants. Holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans, may demand that we register the resale of those warrants, or the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
of those warrants. 

The potential issuance of shares underlying our various groups of warrants,
together with the foregoing registration rights with respect to those shares and other shares, will allow, potentially, a significant,
additional number of our Class A ordinary shares to become available for trading in the public market. That potential development may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares even without there being actual additional issuances or resales.
In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
The shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected from the potential resale of the Class
A ordinary shares owned by our sponsor, or issuable upon exercise of the private warrants or conversion of working capital loans or their
respective permitted transferees. Those resales are enabled by the registration rights. 

44 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference
shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founders shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of
our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Any such issuances would substantially dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes
the issuance of ordinary shares, including 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001. Following our initial public offering,
there are 487,350,000 and 46,837,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available
for issuance, which amounts include (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants, and 5,000,000 authorized but unissued preference shares available for issuance. 

Our sponsor paid a nominal price for its acquisition of the founders
shares . We may furthermore issue additional Class A ordinary shares or other securities to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest
of our shareholders further and likely present other risks. 

Our sponsor acquired the founders shares and representative shares,
respectively, at nominal prices, significantly contributing to the dilution to investors in our initial public offering. 

The authorized share capital under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association also presents the possibility of additional, substantial dilution. Under those charter documents, we are authorized
to issue up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, up to 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, and up to 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. Following our initial public offering, there are 487,350,000
and 46,837,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, some
of which Class A ordinary shares are reserved for issuance upon exercise of issued and outstanding warrants, and upon conversion of outstanding
Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject
to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary share
in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time
of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial
business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the
trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

Our potential target company, if it is the acquirer in a business combination
with us, may issue to our shareholders in the business combination shares constituting a minority of the outstanding shares of the combined
company. 

45 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares in any of the above-described
scenarios: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

could cause a change in control
if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss
carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our (or the target company s) Class A ordinary shares (or other class of ordinary/common shares) and/or warrants. 

Unlike certain other blank check companies, our initial shareholder
will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founders shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
as provided herein. At the extension meeting, we are seeking approval for a proposal that will also allow the founders shares to be converted
into Class A ordinary shares prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the
amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which founders
shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary
shares then in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial
public offering plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, a partner or affiliate of our
sponsor, or any of our officers or directors. This is different than certain other blank check companies in which the initial shareholder
will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be
subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our
current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances,
the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the
start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent
taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year.
If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year (of which there can be no assurance), we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder
such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order
to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we
will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge
U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion
of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of our prospectus captioned Income Tax Considerations
- United States Federal Income Taxation - U.S. Holders - Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. 

46 

The term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of units,
Class A ordinary shares or warrants who or that is for United States federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident
of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) that
is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv)
a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or
more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be
treated as a U.S. person. 

We may reincorporate in, migrate to or merge with and into another
entity as surviving company in, another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation, migration
or merger may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject
to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in, migrate to or merge with and into another entity as surviving
company in, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require
a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident
or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders
or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

General Risk Factors 

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory
matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies,
including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are
publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and
regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative and support expenses and a
diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject
to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business
may be harmed. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 4B Cedar Brook Drive,
Cranbury, NJ 08512. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor at a minimal payment per month (included in the fee of up
to 10,000 per month that we pay to our sponsor for administrative and support services). We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on
the Nasdaq under the symbols CCTSU, CCTS and CCTSW, respectively. Our units commenced public
trading on November 2, 2021. On December 30, 2021, the holders of the Company s units were granted the right to elect to separately
trade the Class A ordinary shares and warrants, and separate trading commenced within the first couple of trading days thereafter (with
the units continuing to trade concurrently). 

(b) 
 Holders 

On March 17, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one
holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units), one holder of record of our Class B ordinary
shares and two holders of record of our warrants (on a stand-alone basis, apart from our units). 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares
to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of our initial business combination. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. The payment of any cash
dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition,
our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

In May 2021, our sponsor, Cactus Healthcare Management LP, purchased
an aggregate of 2,875,000 of our Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. In October 2021, we effected a share
dividend of 0.1 shares for each share then outstanding, thereby resulting in 3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding and held by
our sponsor. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to the adjustments described herein. We are also proposing for approval at the extension meeting an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would allow our sponsor to convert its founder shares into Class
A ordinary shares even prior to our initial business combination. The sale of the Class B ordinary shares was made pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

48 

Substantially concurrent with the closing of the initial public offering,
we effected a private placement of 4,866,667 private warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,300,000 in the aggregate.
The purchase of the private warrants provided additional funds that are necessary to maintain in our trust account 10.20 per unit sold
to the public, as well as funds outside of the trust account for our working capital requirements. The private warrants are identical
to the warrants sold to the public as part of the units, except that the private warrants will not be redeemable. The sale of the private
warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked
securities convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our
initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will
convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then
in issue) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering
plus the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in our initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, a partner or affiliate of our sponsor, or any of our
officers or directors. This is different than certain other blank check companies in which the initial shareholder will only be issued
an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination. 

Use of Proceeds 

On November 2, 2021, we consummated the closing of our initial public
offering, selling 12,650,000 units, to the public and generating aggregate gross proceeds of 126,500,000 to the Company. Each unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share of the Company and one-half redeemable warrant of the Company, each warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. 

Substantially concurrent with the closing of the initial public offering,
we completed the private sale of 4,866,667 warrants to our sponsor, Cactus Healthcare Management LP, at a purchase price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant, generating aggregate gross proceeds to us of 7,300,000. 

Following the respective closings, a total of 129,030,000 was placed
in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as
trustee. 

There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from
such use as described in our final prospectus (File No. 333-258042), dated October 28, 2021, for which the related registration statement
on Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC on October 28, 2021. 

(g) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

49 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this annual report including, without limitation, statements under this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this annual report, words such may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking
statements. 

Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include,
but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management,
as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any
forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ
materially. The cautionary statements made in this annual report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements
whenever they appear in this annual report. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements
attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. We completed our initial public offering in November 2021, and since that time, we have
engaged in discussions with potential business combination target companies; we have not, however, as of yet, reached a definitive agreement
with a specific target company with respect to an initial business combination with us. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private warrants, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

The issuance of additional ordinary shares in a business combination
(by our company, or by a target company that will serve as the public company following the business combination and in which target company
shareholders may possess a majority interest): 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions of the Class
B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights
of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control
if a substantial number of our (or the target company s) ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying
or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;
and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we or the target company issue(s) debt securities or
otherwise incur significant indebtedness, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on
our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

50 

our immediate payment of all
principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary
additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security
is issued and outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends
on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares
if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December
31, 2022 we had 243,000 of cash and 376,000 of working capital. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit
of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be
successful. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have not engaged in any revenue-generating operations to date. Our
only activities since inception have been organizational activities, preparations for our initial public offering, and, subsequent to
our initial public offering, searching for, and due diligence related to, potential target companies with which to consummate a business
combination transaction. We have not and we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on funds held in our trust account after our initial public offering.
There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the December
31, 2022 date of our audited financial statements contained in this Annual Report. After our initial public offering, which was consummated
in November 2021, we have been incurring increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses related to our search for a target company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Our management expects that the proceeds of our initial public offering, together with
proceeds from additional loans from our sponsor (as described below), will suffice to cover our working capital needs until our initial
business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to consummate, or to finance our preparations for, an initial business combination
will be successful. 

Prior to the completion of our initial public offering, our liquidity
needs were satisfied from the availability of up to 300,000 in loans from our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. After having
borrowed the full 300,000 under that promissory note, we repaid that amount upon the closing of our initial public offering, and as of
December 31, 2022, no amounts remained outstanding under that note. 

51 

In order to fund potential working capital deficiencies or finance
transaction costs during the period of time leading up to, and in connection with, our intended initial business combination, our sponsor,
together with its three primary limited partners (Clal Biotechnology Industries, Israel Biotech Fund and Consensus Business Group (via
its affiliate, Kalistcare Ltd.)), have committed to funding us, in equal amounts among those limited partners, an aggregate of up to 450,000,
as may be required by us. Pursuant to that commitment, we requested, and expect to receive from our sponsor, in April 2023, the full 450,000
that we may borrow under that note. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amount. In the event that
our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside of the trust account to repay
such loaned amount, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. In lieu of cash repayment, upon the closing
of our initial business combination, up to 1,500,000 of loans from our sponsor and its affiliates (including the foregoing 450,000 amount)
may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private
warrants issued to our sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds
in our trust account. 

The net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in our initial public
offering, including due to the underwriters exercise, in full, of their over-allotment option, after deducting offering expenses
of approximately 1,128,000 and underwriting commissions of 2,530,000 (but excluding a deferred underwriting fee of 4,427,500 that will
be payable to the representatives of the underwriters upon (and subject to) the consummation of our initial business combination transaction),
and (ii) the sale of the private warrants for a purchase price of 7,300,000, was, in the aggregate, 130,142,000. Of that amount, 129,030,000
(including up to 4,427,500 as a deferred underwriting fee to be payable to the representatives of the underwriters upon (and subject
to) the consummation of our initial business combination transaction) was deposited into a non-interest-bearing trust account. The funds
in the trust account are invested only in specified U.S. government treasury bills or in specified money market funds. We may withdraw
interest from the trust to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations depend on the amount of interest and other income earned
on the amounts held in the trust account. The remaining 1,112,000 from the IPO and private placement proceeds was placed into our bank
account outside of the trust account, and after we had incurred and paid operating expenses of 869,000 following the IPO, the cash on
hand balance in that bank account as of December 31, 2022 was 243,000. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account,
including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding potential
fees to be payable to the underwriters for advisory services in connection with our initial business combination transaction), minus amounts
paid out to redeeming shareholders, as consideration to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our ordinary shares
or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the
trust account (less any amounts paid out to redeeming shareholders) will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior to our initial business combination, we are using the proceeds
held outside of the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business
combination, pay for administrative and support services, and pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not
sufficient to pay our taxes. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing,
fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision
(a provision designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would
be used as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business
combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise)
could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target
businesses. 

52 

Because of the anticipated costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination, as noted above, we have requested and expect to receive,
in April 2023, 450,000 of sponsor/affiliate loans. While we anticipate that these loans will suffice for the period leading up to our
initial business combination, the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating and consummating
an initial business combination may be greater than what we currently estimate would be needed to do so. Consequently, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. That required
liquidation date would be less than 12 months after the date of this Annual Report. That, among other factors, raises substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Moreover, we will likely need to obtain additional financing (either
by issuing additional securities or incurring debt) to operate the combined company following our initial business combination, in part
because we may become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares in connection with (i) the upcoming extension meeting,
and (ii) our initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans for that financing or to consummate
an initial business combination will be successful. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations;
Quarterly Results 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as described in Item 303 of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments for capital expenditures or contractual obligations. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as
variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

None. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the
private warrants held in the trust account are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The information required by this Item 8 appears in Item 15 of this
Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

53 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, whom we refer to as our Certifying Officers, the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent
all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure
controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our
management, with the participation of our Certifying Officers, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our Certifying Officers have
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

54 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Ofer Gonen 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Stephen T. Wills 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Nachum (Homi) Shamir 
 
 69 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Hadar Ron, M.D. 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 David J. Shulkin, M.D. 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 David Sidransky, M.D. 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

Biographical information on our executive officers and directors: 

Ofer Gonen serves as our Chief Executive Officer
and is also a member of the board of directors. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of MediWound Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDWD) since July 2022.
Prior to his current role, Mr. Gonen served as Chief Executive Officer of CBI from February 2017 through June 2022. Mr. Gonen has more
than 20 years of experience in managing life sciences investments and business collaborations in both the United States and Israel. Prior
to 2017, he served as a Vice President at CBI from September 2003 until February 2017. Mr. Gonen serves as a board member of several portfolio
companies of CBI, including Gamida Cell (Nasdaq: GMDA) and MediWound (Nasdaq: MDWD), and as a managing partner at Anatomy Medical Fund.
Mr. Gonen holds a B.Sc. in Physics, Mathematics and Chemistry from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and an M.A. in Economics and Finance
from Tel Aviv University, with distinction. Mr. Gonen s extensive knowledge and experience in the healthcare sphere, including as
a director of CBI s public portfolio companies, make him qualified to serve on our board of directors, given our search for a business
combination in our target industries. 

Stephen T. Wills serves as our Chief Financial Officer.
He also serves as the Chief Financial Officer (since 1997), and Chief Operating Officer (since 2011), of Palatin Technologies. Mr. Wills
serves as a board member of Gamida Cell (Nasdaq: GMDA), MediWound (Nasdaq: MDWD) and Amryt Pharma (Nasdaq: AMYT). Mr. Wills has over 20
years of life sciences/healthcare experience, and his qualifications include his extensive operational, accounting/auditing, financing,
fund-raising, acquisition, business development, licensing, divestiture, and healthcare experience, in addition to his strong technological
background and significant experience with bankers, analysts and investors in the biopharmaceutical industry. Mr. Wills, a certified public
accountant, earned his Bachelor of Science in accounting from West Chester University, and a Master of Science in taxation from Temple
University. 

Nachum (Homi) Shamir serves as our Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Shamir has served as Chairman of the Board of MediWound Ltd. (Nasdaq: MDWD) since August 2022. Previously, he served as Chairman,
President, and Chief Executive Officer of Luminex Corporation (Nasdaq: LMNX), which develops, manufactures, and markets a variety of proprietary
biological testing technologies, from October, 2014 through its sale to DiaSorin S.p.A. in 2021. Prior to that role, Mr. Shamir served,
from 2006 to 2014, as President and CEO of Given Imaging, a developer, manufacturer, and marketer of diagnostic products for the visualization
and detection of disorders of the gastrointestinal tract. Prior to joining Given Imaging, Mr. Shamir was Corporate Vice President
of Eastman Kodak Company and President of Eastman Kodak s Transaction and Industrial Solutions Group. Additionally, he served over
10 years at Scitex Corporation in positions of increasing responsibility, including President and CEO from 2003 to 2004. Prior to
2003, Mr. Shamir held senior management positions at various international companies, mainly in the Asia Pacific regions. Mr. Shamir
holds a Bachelor of Science from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard University. We
believe that Mr. Shamir is qualified to serve on the board of directors because his significant experience in managing biotechnology
companies, both as a board member and as an executive, helps to guide our board in our search for strong target biotechnology companies. 

55 

Hadar Ron, M.D. serves as a member of our board of directors.
Since 2000, Dr. Ron has been a founder and managing partner of Israel Healthcare Ventures (IHCV), a fund focused on investing in global
and Israeli companies in the fields of medical devices, biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical-related IT. Dr. Ron is a physician and
attorney by education. Her background includes extensive medical, legal and private equity management experience. Dr. Ron is closely familiar
with the field of development and commercialization of medical products and systems, medical IT and data, and has wide experience serving
as a board member of global public and private companies, including, among others: Inmode Medical Ltd. (Nasdaq: INMD), GIView Ltd. and
Together Pharma Ltd. (TASE: TGTR). She earned an M.D. and LLB, each from the Tel Aviv University. Dr. Ron is qualified to serve on the
board of directors because she assists in our board s search for, and assessment of, Israel-related target companies, and their
technology, within the fields of medical devices, biotechnology, pharmaceuticals and medical-related IT. 

David J. Shulkin, M.D. serves as a member of our board
of directors. Since 2018, Dr. Shulkin has served as the President of Shulkin Solutions, LLC, which works with healthcare organizations
and companies to foster innovation and improve well-being for patients. Previously, Dr. Shulkin served as the ninth United States Secretary
of Veterans Affairs from February 2017 to March 2018 and the Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Health from July 2015 to February
2017. Prior to coming to such appointments, Dr. Shulkin was a healthcare executive, having served as chief executive of leading hospitals
and health systems including Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City and Morristown Medical Center in Northern New Jersey. Dr. Shulkin
has also held numerous physician leadership roles including the Chief Medical Officer of the University of Pennsylvania Health System,
the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Temple University Hospital, and the Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital. Dr. Shulkin
has held academic positions including the Chairman of Medicine and Vice Dean at Drexel University School of Medicine. As an entrepreneur,
Dr. Shulkin founded and served as the Chairman and CEO of DoctorQuality one of the first consumer-orientated sources of information for
quality and safety in healthcare. He has served on boards of managed care companies, technology companies, and health care organizations.
Dr. Shulkin was the 2018 University of Pennsylvania Leonard Davis Institute Distinguished Health Policy Fellow. He is board-certified
internist. He received his medical degree from the Medical College of Pennsylvania, his internship at Yale University School of Medicine,
and a residency and Fellowship in General Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh Presbyterian Medical Center. He received advanced training
in outcomes research and economics as a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Shulkin
is qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his significant management experience in the healthcare and technology industries. 

David Sidransky, M.D. serves as a member of our board
of directors. Since July 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the Head and Neck Cancer Research Division at Johns Hopkins University
School of Medicine s Department of Otolaryngology and Professor of Oncology, Cellular Molecular Medicine, Urology, Genetics,
and Pathology at the John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is a co-founder and Managing Partner of Israel Biotech
Fund. Dr. Sidransky currently serves on the board of directors of several public and private companies, including Galmed Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. (Nasdaq: GLMD) Champions Oncology (Nasdaq: CSBR), Orgenesis (Nasdaq: ORGS), and is the chairman of the board of directors of Ayala
Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: AYLA). Dr. Sidransky served as Director of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) from 2005 to 2008.
Dr. Sidransky received a B.S. in Chemistry from Brandeis University and an M.D. from Baylor College of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is qualified
to serve on the board of directors because his extensive knowledge and experience in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical spheres,
both in medical practice and through the lens of public company management, make him ideally suited to assist in our search for a business
combination in our target industries. 

56 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founders
shares appointed each of our directors prior to consummation of our initial public offering for a two-year term, and holders of our public
shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such term. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association regarding director term may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of at least 90 
of our shares as, being entitled to do so, vote in a general meeting. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders,
any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the
meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founders shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and
serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint
persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President,
Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the
board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would
interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of
directors has determined that each of Drs. Hadar Ron, David Shulkin and David Sidransky, and Mr. Nachum (Homi) Shamir, is an independent
director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation committee are
each be entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable to members
of those committees. Our independent directors hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules we have established two standing committees
- an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act and a compensation committee, each comprised entirely
of independent directors. In lieu of a standing nominating committee, a majority of our independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by the board of directors (as described below under Nominating Committee ). 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Drs.
Hadar Ron and David Shulkin, and Mr. Nachum (Homi) Shamir, serve as members of our audit committee and Mr. Shamir serves as the chairman
of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of
the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such prospective member of our audit
committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is or will be financially literate
and our board of directors has determined that Dr. Ron qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

57 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose
and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting
firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and
non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with
the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies
for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for
audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report,
at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and
(ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry
or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits
carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss
our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing
our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any
related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering
into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors.
Dr. Ron and Mr. Shamir serve as members of our compensation committee and Dr. Ron serves as the chairperson of the compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets the independent director standard under
Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10C-1 of the Exchange Act applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us),
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations
to our board of directors with respect to the compensation (if any) and any incentive-compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans; 

58 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation
consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser,
including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to
form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors.
The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or
approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Drs. Hadar Ron, David Sidransky and David Shulkin, and Mr. Nachum (Homi) Shamir. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a
nominating committee charter in place. 

Prior to our initial business combination, in the event of a vacancy
in our board of directors, the board will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our ordinary shares,
for appointment by the remaining members of our board then still serving. During the entire period until our initial business combination,
only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, and not holders of our Class A ordinary shares, will have the right to appoint members of
our board. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications
that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director,
the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional
reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has not
served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

59 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with
the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, there were no changes in beneficial ownership for any of the officers and directors listed above under the table Directors
and Executive Officers , or our sponsor (Cactus Healthcare Management LP), and, therefore, no delinquencies in the filing of reports
under Section 16(a). 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees (our Code of Ethics ). Our Code of Ethics is available on our website. Our Code of Ethics is a code
of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to,
or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Certain of our executive officers and directors have or may have fiduciary
and contractual duties to certain companies in which they have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing it. However, we do not expect these duties
to present a significant conflict of interest with our search for an initial business combination. 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following
fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in
what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for
the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter
the exercise of future discretion; 

duty not to put themselves
in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent
judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is
not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in
relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a
position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position at
the expense of the company. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

60 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
or will be, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, required to present a business combination opportunity to such
entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not
believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time
among various business activities. 

In the course of their other
business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for
presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations,
see the biographical information under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance- Directors and Executive
Officers above. 

Our initial shareholders have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar
obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founders shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the remaining
months of the initial 18 month period, or, if the extension is approved, 24 month period, following the closing date of our initial
public offering. However, if our initial shareholders or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquired public shares as part
of or after our initial public offering, they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial
business combination within such applicable time period, the remaining proceeds of the sale of the private warrants that are held in
the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless. With certain
limited exceptions, the founders shares and private warrants are subject to the following transfer restrictions: 

50 of the founders shares
will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders, and will remain in escrow, until the earlier of (i) six
months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The remaining 50 of the founders
shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination, or the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other
similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, unless the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination,
in which case those shares will be released from the lock-up. 

61 

With certain limited exceptions,
the private warrants and underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary
shares and warrants following our initial public offering our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These
agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to
have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such
officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to their involvement in other special purpose acquisition companies seeking business combinations,
but have agreed in connection with that potential conflict not to file publicly a registration statement for another such company until
our company signs an agreement for an initial business combination transaction without the consent of the representatives. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with such a company, we would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional
investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation
or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments
could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our
public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms
of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founders shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business
combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect
to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s
memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision
may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default,
fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification
of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such,
except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. 

We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with
them. 

62 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if we (i) have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) consummate an initial business combination. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may
be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these
indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements
are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that
in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing our initial public offering, as a limited
partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore hold an indirect interest in the founders shares held
by our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide,
documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate
of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific
target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are
necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee
we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time and will be subject to the
review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present
conflicts of interest. Our audit committee also reviews, on a quarterly basis, all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination.
The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business
combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

63 

Item 12. Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of the date of this Annual Report by: 

each person known by us to
be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares; 

each of our officers and directors;
and 

all our officers and directors
as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is presented in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and generally reflects voting and/or investment power with respect to our ordinary shares.
Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of public or private warrants,
as those warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares (2) 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Cactus Healthcare Management LP (3) 
 3,162,500 (4) 
 20 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (5) 
 952,156 
 7.5 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (6) 
 750,358 
 5.9 
 
 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust (7) 
 750,000 
 5.9 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Ofer Gonen 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stephen T. Wills (8) 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Sidransky, M.D. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nachum (Homi) Shamir (9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hadar Ron, MD (10) 
 - 
 - 
 
 David J. Shulkin, M.D. (11) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (six individuals) (3) 
 3,162,500 (4) 
 20 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited, 4B Cedar Brook Drive, Cranbury, NJ 08512. 

64 

(2) 
 The percentage of Class A ordinary shares outstanding is based upon 12,650,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2022. In addition, as of that date, our sponsor (Cactus Healthcare Management LP) holds all 3,162,500 outstanding Class B ordinary shares, which will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than the foregoing conversion provisions, Class B ordinary shares have the same rights as Class A ordinary shares, except that only Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote in the election of directors, as described below. Consequently, we have treated the 3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares as part of the Class A ordinary shares solely for the purposes of the presentation of our sponsor s beneficial ownership herein (whereas for all other 5 or greater shareholders, the Class A ordinary shares that underlie the Class B ordinary shares are not counted as issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and do not reduce their beneficial ownership of Class A ordinary shares). 

(3) 
 Our sponsor, Cactus Healthcare Management LP, directly holds our shares that are reported in this row. Cactus Healthcare Management LLC serves as the sole general partner of our sponsor and may therefore be deemed to share voting and investment authority with respect to the shares held thereby. Each of Israel Biotech Fund, Kalistcare Ltd. (an affiliate of Consensus Business Group) and Clal Biotechnology Industries holds an equal 33.33 equity interest in Cactus Healthcare Management LLC. No single individual or group of individuals possesses the ability to control the decisions made by the sole general partner. Each of Mr. Shamir, Dr. Shulkin and Dr. Ron holds a limited partnership interest in our sponsor (a 1.25 , 1.0 , and 1.0 limited partnership interest, respectively), and our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Wills, holds a 4.75 limited partnership interest in our sponsor. 

(4) 
 Consists of 3,162,500 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of an equal number of Class B ordinary shares, all of which are held by the Cactus Healthcare Management LP. The foregoing conversion will occur automatically on the first business day following consummation of a business combination by the Issuer. Excludes 4,866,667 Class A ordinary shares underlying warrants held by our sponsor, which are not exercisable as of, or within 60 days of, the date of this Annual Report. 

(5) 
 Based solely on an amendment to Schedule 13G filed by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC with the SEC on January 31, 2023. Highbridge Capital Management, LLC serves as the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts, and may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of all of the reported shares (shared voting power and shared dispositive power) with respect to all of these shares. The address of these entities is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(6) 
 Based solely on an amendment to Schedule 13G filed by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, with the SEC on February 14, 2023. Each of Saba Capital Management, L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the reported shares and to possess shared voting and dispositive power with respect to all of these shares. The address of these persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(7) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust, with the SEC on February 8, 2022. The address of this shareholder is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. 

(8) 
 Please see footnote (3) above for a description of Mr. Wills ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(9) 
 Please see footnote (3) above for a description of Mr. Shamir s ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(10) 
 Please see footnote (3) above for a description of Dr. Ron s ownership interest in our sponsor. 

(11) 
 Please see footnote (3) above for a description of Dr. Shulkin s ownership interest in our sponsor. 

65 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founders
shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our founders shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Concurrently with our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased,
in the aggregate, 4,866,667 private warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant 7,300,000, in the aggregate) in a private placement. Each
whole private warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided
herein. The purchase price of the private warrants was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering and is held in the trust
account pending our completion of our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the
18-month, or, if the extension is approved at the extension meeting, the 24-month, period following the closing date of our initial public
offering, the proceeds of the sale of the private warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public
shares, and the private warrants will expire worthless. The private warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below.
The private warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor. If the private warrants are held by holders
other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the
same basis as the warrants included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering. Otherwise, the private warrants have terms
and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Transfers of Founders Shares and Private Warrants 

The founders shares and private warrants and any Class A ordinary shares
issued upon conversion or exercise thereof (as applicable) are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in
the letter agreement entered into by our initial shareholders with us. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable
or salable: 

(i) in the case of the founders shares: 

(x) for 50 of those shares, until the earlier of
(A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, when the
last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations,
share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period; and 

(y) for the other 50 of those shares, for the six
months after the completion of our initial business combination transaction. 

(All founders shares will also be released from lock-up, if sooner
than the above, on the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar
transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.) 

66 

(ii) in the case of the private warrants, and the Class A ordinary
shares underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

The above-described transfer restrictions are subject to an exception,
in each case, for transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of our officers or directors, any members
of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person,
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman
Islands or our sponsor s exempted limited partnership agreement, as amended, upon liquidation of our sponsor; or (h) in the event
of our completion of a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in
all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to
our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered
into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions
described elsewhere in this Annual Report). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founders shares, private warrants, and warrants
that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants
or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founders shares) will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement that was signed on November 2, 2021 requiring us to register such securities for resale.
The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register
such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are to be released from their transfer restrictions. The holders
of a majority of the private warrants (or underlying securities) issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule
415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed
under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in
connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Each of our independent directors invested, prior to the closing of our initial public offering, as a limited
partner holding a minority, non-controlling interest in our sponsor and therefore holds an indirect interest in the founders shares held
by our sponsor s subsidiary. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, and any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed
for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting
fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties
provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources
that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial
consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will
be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee will also review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

67 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors
or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of
these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management
team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or
all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination.
The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business
combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

In May 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founders shares for an
aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.008 per share. In October 2021, we effected a share dividend of 0.1 shares for
each share then outstanding, thereby resulting in 3,162,500 founders shares held by our sponsor. Up to 412,500 of those shares are subject
to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised. 

Our sponsor purchased, in a private placement that closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, 4,866,667 private warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant 7,300,000 in the aggregate).
Each private warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
Our sponsor is permitted to transfer the private warrants held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same
agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor. Otherwise, these units will generally not be transferable or salable until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held
by our sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as described above under Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Transfers of Founders Shares and Private Warrants ). The private warrants
may be exercised by the sponsor or its permitted transferees for cash. Other that as described above in this paragraph, the private warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the initial public offering units (including,
that they are not exercisable on a cashless basis). 

The founders shares constitute 20 of the public shares that are outstanding
following our initial public offering. On May 21, 2021, we entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we pay
our sponsor up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying any of these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business
combination takes the maximum 18 months (or 24 months, if an extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary general
meeting), our sponsor will be paid up to 10,000 per month 180,000 or 240,000 in the aggregate) for office space, administrative and
support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

68 

As more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our officers and directors currently have and will in the future have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may, subject to applicable law, take priority over their duties to us.
Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary
financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held
in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event
such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships,
services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The
amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

On May 24, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be
used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering; our obligation to repay those loans was reflected in a 300,000 promissory
note that we issued to our sponsor. The loans under that note were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of December
31, 2021 or the close of our initial public offering. The loans were repaid upon the closing of the offering on November 2, 2021 out of
the offering proceeds not held in the trust account. The value of our sponsor s interest in that transaction corresponded to the
principal amount issued and outstanding under the loans. As of December 31, 2022, no amounts were outstanding under the promissory note
issued to our sponsor. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs leading up to, and
in connection with, our potential initial business combination, our sponsor, together with three primary limited partners of our sponsor
(Clal Biotechnology Industries, Israel Biotech Fund and Consensus Business Group (via its affiliate, Kalistcare Ltd.)), have committed
to funding us up to 450,000, as may be required by us. In March 2023, we requested, and received from our sponsor, the full 450,000
amount that may be loaned to us under a promissory note that represents that loan commitment. If we complete our initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts, or at the lenders option, those amounts could be converted into warrants to purchase Class
A ordinary shares at a price of 1.50 per warrant. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside of the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be
used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of loans from our sponsor and its affiliates (which includes the foregoing 450,000 amount)
may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private
warrants issued to our sponsor. 

69 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time
of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to
the founders shares, private warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is described in Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters - Registration Rights. 

We entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and
directors, a form of which was filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. Those agreements require us to indemnify those individuals to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result
of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

Related Party Transactions Policies 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or
ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance
with any such policy. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we adopted
a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interest, except under guidelines or resolutions approved
by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code
of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness
or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial
public offering was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted
prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the
extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit
committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be
required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

70 

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related
party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate
an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee
of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting
firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments
will be made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from
the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private warrants held in the trust account prior to the completion of
our initial business combination: 

Payment to our sponsor of up
to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services; 

Payment of consulting, success
or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our
initial business combination; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment of 450,000 of loans
which are expected to be funded by our sponsor in April 2023 (based on funding from its three primary limited partners) to finance transaction
costs in connection with our potential initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of loans from our sponsor and its affiliates, or
certain of our officers and directors (which includes the foregoing 450,000 amount) may be converted into warrants, at a price of 1.50
per warrant, at the option of the lenders; and 

At the closing of our initial
business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to an affiliate of our sponsor. We may pay such financial consulting
fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights,
relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination.
The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions
at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures
relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. 

The above payments may be funded using the net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private warrants not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination,
from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that
are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

71 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors
be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would
interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of
directors has determined that each of Drs. Hadar Ron, David Shulkin and David Sidransky, and Mr. Nachum (Homi) Shamir, is an independent
director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee and compensation committee are
each entirely composed of independent directors meeting Nasdaq s and the SEC s additional requirements applicable to members
of those committees. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Kesselman
 Kesselman PwC Israel ), for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees that we paid for professional
services rendered by PwC Israel in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and services that would normally
be provided by PwC Israel in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, including with respect to our IPO process
that was completed in November 2021. Audit fees were 104,800 and 163,250 for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and
consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay PwC Israel any audit-related fees for the period
from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 or for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay PwC Israel any tax fees for the period
from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 or for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay PwC Israel for other services
for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, or for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial
public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre- approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior
to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre- approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

72 

PART IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 - F-16 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in
the following Exhibit Index: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Moelis Company LLC and Oppenheimer Co. Inc. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (3) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (4) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (5) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (6) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, executed on May 14, 2021, issued by the Registrant to Cactus Healthcare Management LP (7) 
 
 10.1.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note dated May 14, 2021, executed on September 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Cactus Healthcare Management LP (8) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, its officers and directors and Cactus Healthcare Management LP (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (10) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and certain security holders (11) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2021, between the Registrant and Cactus Healthcare Management LP (12) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Cactus Healthcare Management LP (13) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by the Registrant with each of its executive officers and directors on November 2, 2021 (14) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 16, 2022, issued by the Registrant to Cactus Healthcare Management
 LP (15) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant
 to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 

73 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1/A (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1/A (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1/A (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on October 7, 2021 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registrant Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-258042) filed with the SEC on July 20, 2021 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

74 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2023. 

Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited 

By: 
 /s/ Ofer Gonen 

Name: 
 Ofer Gonen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ofer Gonen 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Ofer Gonen 

/s/ Stephen T. Wills 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Stephen T. Wills 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Nachum Shamir 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Nachum Shamir 

/s/ Hadar Ron 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Hadar Ron 

/s/ David J. Shulkin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David J. Shulkin 

/s/ David Sidransky 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 David Sidransky 

75 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-2 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - IN U.S. DOLLARS: 

Balance sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Capital Deficiency 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7- F-16 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the board of directors and shareholders of
Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations,
changes in capital deficiency and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) to
December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the
result of its operations and its cash flows for the period from April 19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
The Company has until May 2, 2023 (hereafter the Mandatory Liquidation Date) to consummate an Initial Business Combination. If
a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company.
The Company intends to complete an Initial Business Combination before the Mandatory Liquidation Date. However, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to consummate any business combination ahead of the Mandatory Liquidation Date, nor that they will be able
to raise sufficient funds to complete an Initial Business Combination. These matters raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit of these financial statements
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

Kesselman Kesselman, 146 Derech Menachem
Begin, Tel-Aviv 6492103, Israel, 

P.O Box 50005 Tel-Aviv 6150001, Telephone: +972
-3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

F- 2 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 
 
 Assets 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Cash held in trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities, shares subject to possible redemption and capital deficiency 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Related party 
 5b 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES - 

Underwriters deferred compensation 
 6 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION: shares at December 31, 2022, at a redemption value of and at December 31, 2021, at a redemption value of per share 
 3 

CAPITAL DEFICIENCY: 
 7 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized 
 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 
 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 3 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 Period from 
 April 19, 
2021 
 (inception) to 
 December 31, 
2021 

U.S.
Dollars 
in thousands 

Except per share data 
 
 INTEREST EARNED ON MARKETABLE SECURITIES HELD IN TRUST ACCOUNT 

FORMATION AND OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET EARNINGS (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE OF CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER CLASS A ORDINARY SHARE, see Note 4 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE OF CLASS B ORDINARY SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER CLASS B ORDINARY SHARE, see Note 4

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN CAPITAL DEFICIENCY 

Ordinary shares 

Number of 
shares 
 Par 
value 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Total 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share data) 
 
 CHANGES DURING THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 2021: 
 -

Issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares to the Sponsor (note 7) 

-

Issuance of private warrants 

Issuance of public warrants, net of issuance costs (note 3) 

Accretion of class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 -

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

-

CHANGES DURING 2022: 

Subsequent accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption amount as of December 31, 2022 

Net earnings for the period 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 5 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 Period from 
 April 19, 
2021 
 (inception) to 
 December 31, 
2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net earning (loss) for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase (decrease) in related parties 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of Class B Ordinary Shares 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of public units 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of Private warrants 
 - 

Payment of underwriting commissions and offering expenses 
 - 

Proceeds from a promissory note related party 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note related party 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 
 
 - 
 
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF THE PERIOD 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash held in trust account 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION REGARDING NON-CASH ACTIVITIES 

Underwriters Deferred Compensation 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements . 

F- 6 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units closed on November
2, 2021. Upon that closing million was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account (see also note 2(d) below).
Out of the million placed in the trust account, the Company raised a total of million, inclusive of the exercise of the
over-allotment option and an additional million were invested by the Company's Sponsor for the benefit of the Public to preserve
a redemption value of . The Company intends to finance its initial Business Combination with the net proceeds from the Public Offering
and the Private Placement. 

. Unless and until the Company completes the Initial Business Combination, it may pay its expenses only from
the net proceeds of the Public Offering held outside the Trust Account. 

F- 7 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (continued) : 

of the
net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the Trust Account). There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully consummate an initial Business Combination. 

thousand following such redemptions. In such case, the Company would not
proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate
initial Business Combination. 

months from the closing of the Public Offering, the Company will (i)
cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to thousand of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 1
- DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (continued) : 

F- 9 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

thousand in a Blackrock treasury money market trust account. The Company included the balance in the trust account
in cash and cash equivalents when reconciling beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows
as a restricted cash equivalent. Money market funds are characterized as Level I investments within the fair value hierarchy under ASC
820. 

F- 10 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

Class A ordinary shares of par value each, sold as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In
accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified
outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity
instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold,
its amended and restated articles of association provide that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets to be less than thousand. 

Class A ordinary shares included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption value of
 and per share respectively. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Class A shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022 

thousand. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 11 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

NOTE 2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) : 

(cumulative probability) likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company accrues interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits under taxes on income (tax benefit). 

F- 12 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

units at an offering price of per unit (the Units ). The Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of Private Warrants (as defined below) at a price of per Private Warrant, approximately in the aggregate. 

par value, and one-half of one warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share (each,
a Warrant and, collectively, the Warrants ). Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole
Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
Warrants and only whole Warrants will trade. 

per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, if and only if the last reported sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 
per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the
date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or thousand, in the aggregate, to the underwriters at the closings of the
Public Offering. Refer to Note 6 for more information regarding an additional fee payable to the underwriters upon the consummation of
an Initial Business Combination. 

F- 13 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

() 
 
 Less - interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss excluding interest 

() 

() 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption: 

Numerator: 

Net loss excluding interest 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption amount ("Accretion") 

Denominator: 

Weighted average of class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted earnings per Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption

Class B ordinary shares: 

Numerator: 

Net loss excluding interest 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Denominator: 

Weighted average of Class B ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per Class B ordinary share

() 

() 

F- 14 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

founders shares from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of thousand, or approximately per share. On October
2021, the Company effected a stock share dividend of shares for each founder share outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of 
founder shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor and the Company s directors. For warrants purchased by the sponsor at the
Initial Public Offering see note 3. 

thousand per month for office space, utilities and
other administrative expenses. The monthly payments under this administrative services agreement commenced on the effective date of the
registration statement for the IPO and will continue until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination, or (ii) the Company s liquidation. 

thousand principal amount from nine
members thousand each) of the Sponsor or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ). The Company
shall draw amounts to finance costs and expenses related to its Business Combination. The promissory note bears no interest and is
payable on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company ceases operations for the purpose of winding up, or (ii) the date
on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. In lieu of repayment by the Company, the Payee may elect at least five days prior
to the Maturity Date to convert, on the Maturity Date, any unpaid principal amounts outstanding hereunder into warrants to purchase Class
A ordinary shares, par value of the Company, at a conversion price of per warrant. Each such warrant will have an exercise
price of per underlying share of the Company and will otherwise be identical to the private warrants sold by the Company to the
Sponsor concurrently with the Company s initial public offering. See also Note 8. 

thousand) of the gross proceeds
of the Public Offering. payable upon the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination. The Deferred Underwriting Compensation
will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes the Initial
Business Combination. The Underwriting Compensation has been recorded as a deferred liability on the balance sheet at December 31, 2021
as management has deemed the consummation of a Business Combination to be probable. 

F- 15 

CACTUS ACQUISITION CORP. 1 LIMITED 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Class A ordinary shares of par value each. Pursuant to the initial Public Offering on December 31, 2021 the Company
issued and sold an aggregate of Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units sold in the respective transaction. The Units
(which also included Warrants) were sold at a price of per Unit, and for an aggregate consideration of thousand in the Public.
See Note 3 above for further information regarding those share issuances. 

Class B ordinary shares of par value each. On May 14, 2021 the Company issued Class B ordinary shares
of par value each for a total consideration of thousand to the Sponsor. In October 2021, the Company effected a stock share
dividend of shares for each founder share outstanding, resulting in an aggregate of founder shares outstanding and held
by the Sponsor and the Company s directors. 

Preference Shares of par value each. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no Preference shares issued and outstanding. 

thousand promissory note (see note 5c) with the
Sponsors be funded. 

F-16 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_cactusacq1.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED

Exhibit 4.5 

Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions
of the securities of Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Ltd we, us or our that are registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities
is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. 

This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety
by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary
below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Law and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As of March 30, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered
under the Exchange Act: 

(i) our Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ); 

(ii) warrants to purchase shares
of our Class A ordinary shares; and 

(iii) units consisting of one Class
A ordinary share and one-half of a redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. 

In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description
of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class B ordinary shares ), which are not registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is necessary to
understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of a
redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement dated November
2, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants
only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only at least two warrants may be exercised at any given time by a
warrant holder. 

 The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began trading separately on
December 30, 2021, and since that time, holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. 

Ordinary Shares 

As of March 30, 2023, 15,812,500 of our ordinary shares were issued
and outstanding, consisting of: 

12,650,000 Class A ordinary shares included in the units
sold in our initial public offering; and 

3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor, Cactus
Healthcare Management LP. 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except as required by law; provided
that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election
of directors, and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. With
respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination,
except as required by law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class.
Unless specified in the Companies Law, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders.
Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are elected for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting
with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the Class B ordinary shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending
on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to
issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are
not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year-end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement
under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Consequently, because the term of our directors
elected prior to our initial public offering will extend for two years, we will not be re-electing directors at our initial annual general
meeting held following our initial public offering. It is also possible that we may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association furthermore provide that only our
board of directors and not our shareholders have the right to call a general meeting of shareholders. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase
any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be 10.20 per public share. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if they
do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders have entered into
a letter agreement with us dated November 2, 2021 (the letter agreement ), pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations
on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors
will be subject to the same obligations. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial
public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business
combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares
would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of the letter agreement,
to vote their Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in
addition to our initial shareholders Class B ordinary shares, we would need 4,743,751, or 37.5 , of the 12,650,000 public shares
sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), subject
to any higher threshold as is required by Cayman Islands or other applicable law, in order to have such initial business combination approved.
Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares
acquired by them, if any. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or 24
months, if an extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary general meeting), we will (1) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to funds
lawfully available therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less than 10.20 per share, upon
the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Under the letter agreement, our initial shareholders have agreed
to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Class B ordinary shares if we fail to
complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if the initial shareholders
acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company
after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

 Class B Ordinary Shares 

The Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of Class B ordinary shares have the same shareholder rights as
public shareholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the
right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason; (2) the Class B ordinary shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
below; (3) our sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which it has agreed to waive: (x) its redemption rights
with respect to its Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by it in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination (and not seek to sell its shares to us in any tender offer we undertake in connection with our initial business combination);
(y) its redemption rights with respect to its Class B ordinary shares and any public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders 
ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to the redemption rights
provided to shareholders if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 24 months, if an extension is approved
at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary general meeting) from the closing of our initial public offering, as described in this prospectus,
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (z)
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Class B ordinary shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 18 months (or 24 months, if an extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary
general meeting) from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame); (4) the Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares as described below (and, if a
proposal at our upcoming extension meeting is approved, may also be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at the
discretion of the holders thereof at any time prior to the consummation of our initial business combination) and (5) the Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to registration rights. In addition, our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement with respect
to public shares acquired by them, if any. 

3 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A
ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis on the first business day following the completion of our initial business combination, subject
to adjustment as provided herein. Additionally, if a proposal at our upcoming extension meeting is approved, the Class B ordinary shares
may also be converted into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at the discretion of the holders thereof at any time prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities
convertible or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our initial public
offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares will convert into
Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares then in issue) so
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an
as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering plus
the number of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our
initial business combination and any private warrants issued to our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor, and any of our officers or directors. 

With certain limited exceptions, the Class B ordinary shares are not
transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each
of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business
combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least six months after our initial
business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members (Shareholders) 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members (i.e.,
shareholders) and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of
the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares
of each member and the voting rights of shares; 

the date on which the name
of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person
ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is
 prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters
referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law
to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register
of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders
recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain
limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination as to whether the register of members
reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained
by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application
for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, the validity of those shares may
be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

4 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize
5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors
to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not
currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days following our
initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless this (or another) prospectus relating to such Class
A ordinary shares and the registration statement of which this (or such other) prospectus forms a part are then current and in effect.
The warrants are exercisable for cash only, and are not exercisable on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary
of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional
units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical
to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, at the holder s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants
and any warrants underlying additional units issued to our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time after the warrants
become exercisable; 

upon not less than 30 days 
prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported
last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable
and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, a registration
statement is then in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised
prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further
rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a
price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential
between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption
call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

5 

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us, dated November 2, 2021. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on
exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share capitalization or our recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price
below their respective exercise prices. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued
Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) Class B ordinary shares, the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value
or (ii) the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate
on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate
completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to
us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary
shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted
on by shareholders. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our
best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if
we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be
unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise
of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect
to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round
up to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares
to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the
future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then
board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations
and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

6 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our
warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all
liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities
in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain
certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed
to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention
to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given (i.e., the lowest threshold
permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our sponsor and its affiliates, who collectively beneficially own approximately
20.0 of our ordinary shares following the close of our initial public offering and the concurrent private placement, participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within 18 months (or 24 months, if an extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary
general meeting) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor,
redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve; 

prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not
prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type
of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred advisory fee and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

7 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 24 months, if an extension is approved at our upcoming April 20, 2023 extraordinary general meeting)from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

The Companies Law permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued
and outstanding ordinary shares present (in person or via proxy) and voting at a general meeting. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman
Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association
provides otherwise. Accordingly, with the requisite shareholder approval, we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed
offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Nevertheless,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Shares Eligible for Future Sale 

Following our initial public offering we have 15,812,500 ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 12,650,000 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable
without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within
the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 3,162,500 Class B ordinary shares are restricted securities under Rule 144,
in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions as described
elsewhere herein. 

8 

Rule 144 

A person who has beneficially owned restricted Class A ordinary shares
or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been
one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange
Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted Class A
ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale,
would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of
shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the total number of ordinary
shares then issued and outstanding, which equals 158,125 shares after our initial public offering, on an as converted basis; or 

the average weekly trading
volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the
sale. 

Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is
not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us.
The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities
issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously
a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities
that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities
has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed
from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell
company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its Class B ordinary
shares and private warrants pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

9 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Class B ordinary shares, private warrants and warrants
that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private warrants
or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares), are entitled to registration
rights pursuant to an agreement entered into on the effective date of our IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Class B ordinary shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these Class B ordinary shares are to be released
from their transfer restrictions. The holders of a majority of the private warrants (or underlying securities) issued to our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred
in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (for the
sake of clarification, this provision does not apply to causes of action arising under the Exchange Act). Our amended and restated articles
of association also provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands
shall have exclusive jurisdiction for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, any action asserting a breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to our company or our shareholders or any action asserting
a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants are listed on the
Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbols CCTSU, CCTS and CCTSW . Following December
30, 2021, Class A ordinary shares and warrants may be traded separately from the units on Nasdaq 

10 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_cactusacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ofer Gonen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ofer Gonen 

Ofer Gonen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_cactusacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephen T. Wills, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cactus Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Stephen T. Wills 

Stephen T. Wills 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_cactusacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b)/RULE 15d-14(b) UNDER
THE EXCHANGE ACT 

 AND 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Cactus
Acquisition Corp. 1 Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Ofer Gonen, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Stephen T. Wills, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ofer Gonen 

Ofer Gonen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Stephen T. Wills 

Stephen T. Wills 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be
deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cctsu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cctsu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cctsu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cctsu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cctsu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

