<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1611547_0001611547-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18220397</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441179</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3053289</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6138855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4387807</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3919515</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001611547-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214070251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001611547-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Urban Edge Properties
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				476311266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36523
		FILM NUMBER:		23622234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-587-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vornado SpinCo
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140623

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Urban Edge Properties LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681169
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				364791544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-212951-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23622235

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-571-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001611547-23-000008.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 ue-20221231.htm
 10-K

ue-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________to__________ 
 Commission File Number: (Urban Edge Properties) 
 Commission File Number: (Urban Edge Properties LP) 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (Urban Edge Properties) (Urban Edge Properties LP) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Urban Edge Properties 
 Title of Each Class Trading symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Urban Edge Properties LP 
 Title of Each Class Trading symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Urban Edge Properties: None Urban Edge Properties LP: None 
 _______________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Urban Edge Properties x NO o Urban Edge Properties LP x NO o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Urban Edge Properties YES o x Urban Edge Properties LP YES o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Urban Edge Properties x NO o Urban Edge Properties LP x NO o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Urban Edge Properties x NO o Urban Edge Properties LP x NO o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Urban Edge Properties: 
 Accelerated Filer o 
 Non-Accelerated Filer o 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 Urban Edge Properties LP: 
 Large Accelerated Filer o 
 Accelerated Filer o 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Urban Edge Properties o Urban Edge Properties LP o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Urban Edge Properties Urban Edge Properties LP 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Urban Edge Properties YES NO Urban Edge Properties LP YES NO 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Urban Edge Properties YES NO Urban Edge Properties LP YES NO 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Urban Edge Properties YES NO x Urban Edge Properties LP YES NO x 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately billion based upon the last reported sale price of 15.21 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, Urban Edge Properties had common shares outstanding. There is no public trading market for the common units of Urban Edge Properties LP. As a result, the aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of Urban Edge Properties LP cannot be determined. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Part III incorporates by reference information from certain portions of the Urban Edge Properties definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Urban Edge Properties and Urban Edge Properties LP. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to UE and Urban Edge mean Urban Edge Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust REIT ), and references to UELP and the Operating Partnership mean Urban Edge Properties LP, a Delaware limited partnership. References to the Company, we, us and our mean collectively UE, UELP and those entities/subsidiaries consolidated by UE. 
 UELP is the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our business and own, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of our assets. UE is the sole general partner and also a limited partner of UELP. As the sole general partner of UELP, UE has exclusive control of UELP s day-to-day management. 
 As of December 31, 2022, UE owned an approximate 96.1 ownership interest in UELP. The remaining approximate 3.9 interest is owned by other limited partners. The other limited partners of UELP are members of management, our Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Under the limited partnership agreement of UELP, unitholders may present their common units of UELP for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such right for a period of time). Upon presentation of a common unit for redemption, UELP must redeem the unit for cash equal to the then value of a share of UE s common shares, as defined by the limited partnership agreement. In lieu of cash redemption by UELP, however, UE may elect to acquire any common units so tendered by issuing common shares of UE in exchange for the common units. If UE so elects, its common shares will be exchanged for common units on a one-for-one basis. This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to specified adjustments to prevent dilution. UE generally expects that it will elect to issue its common shares in connection with each such presentation for redemption rather than having UELP pay cash. With each such exchange or redemption, UE s percentage ownership in UELP will increase. In addition, whenever UE issues common shares other than to acquire common units of UELP, UE must contribute any net proceeds it receives to UELP and UELP must issue to UE an equivalent number of common units of UELP. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. 
 The Company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of UE and UELP into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 enhances investors understanding of UE and UELP by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation because a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both UE and UELP; and 
 creates time and cost efficiencies throughout the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between UE and UELP in the context of how UE and UELP operate as a consolidated company. The financial results of UELP are consolidated into the financial statements of UE. UE does not have any other significant assets, liabilities or operations, other than its investment in UELP, nor does it have employees of its own. UELP, not UE, generally executes all significant business relationships other than transactions involving the securities of UE. UELP holds substantially all of the assets of UE and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. UELP conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by UE, which are contributed to the capital of UELP in exchange for units of limited partnership in UELP, as applicable, UELP generates all remaining capital required by the Company s business. These sources may include working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under the revolving credit agreement, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties. 
 Shareholders equity, partners capital and noncontrolling interests NCI are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of UE and UELP. The limited partners of UELP are accounted for as partners capital in UELP s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in UE s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in UELP s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in consolidated entities. The noncontrolling interests in UE s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at UELP s level and limited partners of UELP. The differences between shareholders equity and partners capital result from differences in the equity issued at UE and UELP levels. 
 To help investors better understand the key differences between UE and UELP, certain information for UE and UELP in this report has been separated, as set forth below: Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements which includes specific disclosures for UE and UELP, and Note 14 , Equity and Noncontrolling Interests and Note 16 , Earnings Per Share and Unit. 
 This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of UE and UELP in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that UE and UELP are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES AND URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 19 
 Item 2. Properties 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 
 PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 81 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 81 
 Item 9B. Other Information 86 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 86 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 86 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 86 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 87 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 87 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 87 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 88 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 88 
 Signatures 91 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained herein constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our future results, financial condition, business and targeted occupancy may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You can identify many of these statements by words such as approximates, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, would, may or other similar expressions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Many of the factors that will determine the outcome of forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control or predict and include, among others: (i) the economic, political and social impact of, and uncertainty relating to, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related COVID-19 variants; (ii) the loss or bankruptcy of major tenants; (iii) the ability and willingness of the Company s tenants to renew their leases with the Company upon expiration and the Company s ability to re-lease its properties on the same or better terms, or at all, in the event of non-renewal or in the event the Company exercises its right to replace an existing tenant; (iv) the impact of e-commerce on our tenants business; (v) macroeconomic conditions, such as rising inflation and disruption of, or lack of access to, the capital markets, as well as potential volatility in the Company s share price; (vi) the Company s success in implementing its business strategy and its ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; (vii) changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which the Company competes, and their effect on the Company s revenues, earnings and funding sources, and on those of its tenants; (viii) increases in the Company s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates, rising inflation, and other factors, including the discontinuation of USD LIBOR, which is currently anticipated to occur in 2023; (ix) the Company s ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend its indebtedness as it becomes due and potential limitations on the Company s ability to borrow funds under its existing credit facility as a result of covenants relating to the Company s financial results; (x) potentially higher costs associated with the Company s development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects, and the Company s ability to lease the properties at projected rates; (xi) the Company s liability for environmental matters; (xii) damage to the Company s properties from catastrophic weather and other natural events, and the physical effects of climate change; (xiii) the Company s ability and willingness to maintain its qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; (xiv) information technology security breaches; (xv) the loss of key executives; and (xvi) the accuracy of methodologies and estimates regarding our environmental, social and governance ESG metrics, goals and targets, tenant willingness and ability to collaborate towards reporting ESG metrics and meeting ESG goals and targets, and the impact of governmental regulation on our ESG efforts. For further discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. A reader should also review carefully our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report. 
 
 We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 Urban Edge Properties UE , Urban Edge or the Company (NYSE: UE) is a Maryland REIT that manages, develops, redevelops, and acquires retail real estate, primarily in the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. Urban Edge Properties LP UELP or the Operating Partnership is a Delaware limited partnership formed to serve as UE s majority-owned partnership subsidiary and to own, through affiliates, all of our real estate and other assets. Our portfolio is currently comprised of 69 shopping centers, five malls and two industrial parks totaling approximately 17.2 million square feet sf with a consolidated occupancy rate of 90.3 . 
 For additional information on recent business developments, see Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1 

Company Strategies 
 Our goal is to be a leading owner and operator of retail real estate in major urban markets, with a focus on the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. We believe urban markets offer attractive acquisition and redevelopment opportunities resulting from high population density, strong demand from consumers, above average retailer sales trends, a limited supply of institutional quality assets and a large number of older, undermanaged assets that remain privately owned. We seek to create value through the following primary strategies: 
 Maximize the value of existing properties through proactive management. We intend to maximize the value of each of our assets through comprehensive, proactive management encompassing: continuous asset evaluation for highest-and-best-use; targeted leasing to desirable tenants; and efficient and cost-conscious day-to-day operations that minimize operating expenses and enhance property quality. Repurposing retail real estate with high-quality retailers, with a focus on grocers, and incorporating other uses including industrial, residential, self-storage, and medical, are increasingly important to our business plan. Leasing and asset management add value through: 
 Monitoring retailer sales, merchandising, store operations, timeliness of payments, overall financial condition and related factors; 
 Being consistently aware of each asset s competitive position within its trade area and recommending physical improvements or adjusting merchandising if circumstances warrant; 
 Continuously canvassing trade areas to identify unique operators that can distinguish a property and enhance its offerings; 
 Maintaining regular contact with the brokerage community to stay abreast of new merchants, potential relocations, new supply and overall trade area dynamics; 
 Conducting regular portfolio reviews with key merchants; 
 Building and nurturing deep relationships with tenant decision-makers; 
 Focusing on spaces with below-market leases that might be recaptured; 
 Understanding the impact of options, exclusives, co-tenancy and other restrictive lease provisions; and 
 Optimizing required capital investment in every transaction. 
 
 Develop and redevelop assets to their highest and best use. Our existing portfolio presents considerable opportunity to generate additional income at attractive returns by redeveloping underutilized existing space, developing new space through expanding our properties and developing pad sites, and incorporating non-retail uses such as industrial, multifamily, office, self-storage and other uses. As of December 31, 2022, we have 216 million of active development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects, of which 159.7 million remains to be funded. These projects are expected to generate an approximate 12 unleveraged yield. We will continue to explore opportunities throughout our portfolio to achieve similar upgrades in tenancy, to densify sites where feasible and to repurpose certain retail space to non-retail uses. 
 Invest in target markets. We intend to selectively deploy capital through acquisitions in our target markets that meet our criteria for risk-adjusted returns and enhance the overall quality of our existing portfolio. At the same time, we plan to sell assets that no longer meet our return requirements and strategic objectives. Investment considerations for acquisitions include: 
 Competition and Barriers-to-Entry : We seek assets in underserved, high barrier-to-entry markets in densely populated, affluent trade areas. We believe that properties located in such markets present a more attractive risk-return profile relative to other markets. 
 Geography : We focus primarily on the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. We intend to invest in our existing core markets, and, over time, may expand into new markets that have similar characteristics. 
 Environmental : We consider asset sustainability and characteristics that are consistent with our environmental, social and governance ESG plans and strategy for the future. Our due diligence process includes a full assessment of potential environmental risks associated with acquisitions. 
 Product : We generally seek large properties that provide scale relative to the competition and optionality for redevelopment to meet the changing demands of the local community. 
 Tenancy : We consider tenant mix, sales performance and related occupancy cost, lease term, lease provisions, omni-channel capabilities, susceptibility to e-commerce disruption and other factors. Our tenant base comprises a diverse group of merchants, including department stores, supermarkets, discounters, entertainment offerings, health clubs, DIY stores, in-line specialty shops, restaurants and other food and beverage vendors and service providers. 
 2 

Rent : We derive our revenue from fixed and variable rents from our tenants. We consider existing rents relative to market rents and target submarkets that have potential for market rent growth as evidenced by strong retailer sales performance. 
 Access and Visibility : We seek assets with convenient access and good visibility. 
 Physical Condition : We consider aesthetics, functionality, building and site conditions and environmental matters in evaluating asset quality. 
 Maintain capital discipline. We intend to keep our balance sheet flexible and capable of supporting growth. We expect to generate increasing levels of cash flow from internally generated funds and to have substantial borrowing capacity under our existing revolving credit agreement, general access to equity markets and from potential secured debt financing on our existing assets. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Achievements, Initiatives, and Objectives 
 We seek to drive financial performance while engaging in environmentally and socially responsible business practices grounded in sound corporate governance. We believe that disclosure of our ESG practices allows our stakeholders to see our company holistically and understand its trajectory beyond fundamentals and financial metrics. We have an ESG Steering Committee (the Steering Committee comprised of executives, senior leadership and other personnel of the Company. The Steering Committee meets periodically and is focused on setting, implementing, tracking, measuring, and communicating our progress related to ESG initiatives. The Steering Committee has developed a comprehensive suite of environmental, social, and governance policies that inform and guide our ESG approach and drive our ESG goals forward. We have aligned our sustainability practices in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative GRI standards and commensurate with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures TCFD frameworks. On an annual basis, we publish an ESG Report and complete a Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmarks GRESB submission to continue to measure our progress against peers. We routinely reassess our plans and policies to evaluate compliance with regional and national requirements as well as industry best practices. 
 
 Environmental 
 From an environmental perspective, we have implemented and plan to continue to implement policies and practices with the goal of supporting the continued reduction of energy (thereby reducing greenhouse gas emissions), water, and waste production across the portfolio. Initiatives we have taken include the installation of energy-efficient roofing, LED lighting retrofits, high efficiency HVAC systems, electric vehicle charging stations and waste recycling and management. Additionally, we continue to explore solar and alternative energy opportunities to further reduce our consumption and carbon footprint. We are committed to maintaining sustainable operations and believe that our long-term sustainability goals will provide positive financial and environmental outcomes for shareholders, tenants, employees and the communities in which we invest. 
 
 Social 
 Our community involvement includes donations to various charitable organizations, hospitals, and relief funds as well as food and clothing drives. Many of these organizations and drives directly benefit the people and neighborhoods in which our properties are located. During 2022, the Company joined the NCSY Relief Missions, a Northern New Jersey based youth organization, in an immersive community engagement effort to help those affected by recent hurricane damage in Puerto Rico, near our property The Outlets at Montehiedra. In addition, we continue to partner with organizations like Relief Access Program for the Bronx RAP4Bronx ), a non-profit organization responsible for delivering meals to those suffering from food insecurity in the Bronx. Our contributions towards RAP4Bronx include the donation of vacant space that serves as a warehouse and distribution hub for the organization, as well as monetary donations from the Company and our employees. 
 We believe that through our business, we are able to provide the communities in which we operate a welcoming and safe environment for our tenants and customers to connect and engage with one another. We are committed to providing a better shopping experience for our customers by spending capital to redevelop our centers, which also results in the creation of new jobs in construction and retail. Additionally, we are deliberate in our leasing approach by adding necessary retailers to neighborhoods lacking vital resources and those that appeal to the respective communities where the properties are located. 
 
 Governance 
 Our corporate governance standards and policies aim to promote ethical conduct, fair dealing, transparency and accountability. The Company is governed by a nine-member board comprised primarily of independent trustees. The Board of Trustees is focused on independence, diversity of thought, experience and ethical leadership, and is critical in the oversight of our risk-management processes. Additionally, we have three board committees made up of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, each of which addresses risks specific to their respective 
 3 

functional responsibilities and works closely with the Board of Trustees. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are re-evaluated annually, taking into account changing circumstances to ensure that the best interests of the Company and our shareholders are met. We maintain additional policies including our Code of Ethics, Conflict of Interest Policy, and Whistleblower Policy, on which all employees are trained. 
 We are subject to federal, state and local regulations, including environmental regulations. Each of our properties has been subjected to varying degrees of environmental assessment at various times. Based on these assessments, we have accrued costs for remediation for environmental contamination at certain properties. As of the date of this Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any material costs of complying with government regulations, including environmental regulations, that would have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition or results of operations. See Risks Related to Environmental Liability and Regulatory Compliance in Part 1, Item 1A "Risk Factors" for further information regarding our risks related to government regulations. 
 
 Human Capital 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 115 employees. We believe that our people are our most valuable asset. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. Accordingly, we strive to offer competitive salaries and employee benefits to all employees and monitor salaries in our market areas. We provide professional training and development workshops and aim to provide a workplace environment where employees are informed, engaged, feel empowered, and can succeed. Additionally, the Company launched a mentorship program designed to provide members of the team an opportunity to expand their knowledge and experience through one-on-one mentorship with an employee from another department. The goal of this initiative is to promote a culture of learning while providing opportunities for professional and personal growth. 
 Our employees enjoy subsidized health and wellness benefits, professional training and development workshops, ergonomic office equipment, telecommuting opportunities and policies encouraging work/life balance. We have created an employee wellness program which spans the entire year and focuses on five pillars of health and wellness, both inside and outside of the office. The areas of focus for this program include financial, emotional, physical, social and community wellness. Each month there is a theme with associated activities and employee incentives including the ability to earn additional money for health savings accounts. 
 We understand the importance of work/life balance and allow employees the flexibility to maintain a hybrid in-office and remote working schedule. We provide all employees with the equipment and resources necessary to work and perform their duties in a remote setting. We have implemented enhanced cleaning protocols within our offices and our properties to promote employee health and safety, which include cleaning and disinfecting high-touch surfaces daily, providing hand sanitizer and personal protective equipment such as face masks. 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion DE I initiatives are an integral part of our culture. We believe that a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture promotes growth, both personally and professionally, and is an important aspect in our ability to attract and retain talented employees. All employees are required to complete trainings on DE I which cover a range of topics including best practices and education on unconscious bias. We aim to create an equitable workplace for all, and our CEO has signed the CEO Diversity and Inclusion Action Pledge on behalf of our Company, joining thousands of other CEOs and peers across the country to cultivate a trusting environment where our employees feel comfortable and are empowered to have discussions about diversity and inclusion. As a part of this pledge, the Company has created a Days of Understanding initiative which provides different platforms such as a book club or a movie screening as a way to encourage our team to have open discussions on issues of diversity, equity and inclusion. This program is designed to allow employees to not only gain a better understanding of culture issues tied to race, gender, and sexual orientation, but also drive engagement, build camaraderie, and learn from different perspectives. 
 Our efforts, like those mentioned above, are some of the many reasons Urban Edge Properties was named one of the best places to work in New Jersey by NJBIZ Magazine in 2022. The annual program identifies and recognizes the best employers in the state of New Jersey. 
 Through our wellness and DE I programs, health and safety protocols and town hall meetings with all employees, among other initiatives, we continually strive to provide a workplace environment where employees are informed, engaged, feel empowered and can succeed. 
 Further information on our corporate responsibility practices can be found on our website in the ESG section. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our headquarters are located at 888 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10019. 

4 

Significant Tenants 
 None of our tenants accounted for more than 10 of total revenues in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Home Depot, Inc. is our largest tenant and accounted for approximately 21.4 million, or 5.4 , of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT under sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with the filing of its 2015 tax return for its tax year ended December 31, 2015. So long as the Company qualifies as a REIT under the Code, the Company will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on net taxable income that it distributes annually to its shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. The Company is subject to certain foreign and state and local income taxes, in particular income taxes arising from its operating activities in Puerto Rico, which are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. In addition, the Company s taxable REIT subsidiary TRS is subject to income tax at regular corporate rates. 
 
 Supplemental U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion supplements and updates the disclosures under Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations in the prospectus dated August 15, 2022, contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266885) filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022. Capitalized terms herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as when used in such disclosures (as supplemented). 
 On December 29, 2022, the Internal Revenue Service promulgated final Treasury Regulations under Sections 897, 1441, 1445, and 1446 of the Code that were, in part, intended to coordinate various withholding regimes for non-U.S. shareholders. The new Treasury Regulations provide that: 
 i. The withholding rules applicable to ordinary REIT dividends paid to a non-U.S. shareholder (generally, a 30 rate of withholding on gross amounts unless otherwise reduced by treaty or effectively connected with such non-U.S. shareholder s trade or business within the United States and proper certifications are provided) will apply to (a) that portion of any distribution paid by us that is not designated as a capital gain dividend, a return of basis or a distribution in excess of the non-U.S. shareholder s adjusted basis in its stock that is treated as gain from the disposition of such stock and (b) any portion of a capital gain dividend paid by us that is not treated as gain attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest by reason of the recipient not owning more than 10 of a class of our stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market during the one-year period ending on the date of the capital gain dividend. 
 ii. The withholding rules under FIRPTA will apply to a distribution paid by us in excess of a non-U.S. shareholder s adjusted basis in our stock, unless the interest in our stock is not a U.S. real property interest (for example, because we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity) or the distribution is paid to a withholding qualified holder. A withholding qualified holder means a qualified holder (as defined below) and a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships. 
 iii. The withholding rules under FIRPTA will apply to any portion of a capital gain dividend paid to a non-U.S. shareholder that is attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest, unless it is paid to a withholding qualified holder. 
 In the case of FIRPTA withholding under clause (ii) above, the applicable withholding rate is currently 15 , and in the case of FIRPTA withholding under clause (iii) above the withholding rate is currently 21 . For purposes of FIRPTA withholding under clause (iii), whether a capital gain dividend is attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest is determined taking into account the general exception from FIRPTA distribution treatment for distributions paid to certain non-U.S. shareholders under which any distribution by us to a non-U.S. shareholder with respect to any class of stock which is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States is not treated as gain recognized from the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest if such non-U.S. shareholder did not own more than 10 of such class of stock at any time during the 1-year period ending on the date of such distribution. To the extent inconsistent, these Treasury Regulations supersede the discussion on withholding contained in the above-referenced disclosures (as supplemented) under the heading Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders . However, if, notwithstanding these Treasury Regulations, we encounter difficulties in properly characterizing a distribution for purposes of the withholding rules, we may decide to withhold on such distribution at the highest possible U.S. federal withholding rate that we determine could apply. 
 5 

The new Treasury Regulations also provide new guidance regarding qualified foreign pension funds. Accordingly, the last two sentences of the first paragraph under the heading Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders Qualified Foreign Pension Funds are hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 Under Treasury Regulations, subject to the discussion below regarding qualified holders, a qualified controlled entity also is not generally treated as a foreign person for purposes of FIRPTA. A qualified controlled entity generally includes a trust or corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country all of the interests of which are held by one or more qualified foreign pension funds either directly or indirectly through one or more qualified controlled entities. 
 Additionally, the following two paragraphs are added after the first paragraph under the heading Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Shareholders and Potential Tax Considerations Relating to Their Investment in Common Shares or Preferred Shares Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders Qualified Foreign Pension Funds : 
 Treasury Regulations further require that a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity will not be exempt from FIRPTA with respect to dispositions of U.S. real property interests or REIT distributions attributable to the same unless the qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder. To be a qualified holder, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity must satisfy one of two alternative tests at the time of the disposition of the U.S. real property interest or the REIT distribution. Under the first test, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder if it owned no U.S. real property interests as of the earliest date during an uninterrupted period ending on the date of the disposition or distribution during which it qualified as a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity. Alternatively, if a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity held U.S. real property interests as of the earliest date during the period described in the preceding sentence, it can be a qualified holder only if it satisfies certain testing period requirements. 
 Treasury Regulations also provide that a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships, may certify its status as such and will not be treated as a foreign person for purposes of withholding under Code Section 1445 (and Code Section 1446, as applicable). 
 
 Available Information 
 Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, including exhibits, and amendments to those reports, as well as Reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 regarding officers, trustees or 10 beneficial owners of us, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 15(d) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge through our website (www.uedge.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Also available on our website are copies of our Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines. In the event of any changes to these charters or the code or guidelines, changed copies will also be made available on our website. Our website also includes other financial information, including certain non-GAAP financial measures, none of which is a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Copies of our charters, code, guidelines, and filings under the Exchange Act are also available free of charge from us, upon request. 
 6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risk factors that may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition are summarized below. These risks have been separated into the following groups: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations; 
 Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Indebtedness; 
 Risks Related to Business Continuity; 
 Risks Related to Environmental Liability and Regulatory Compliance; 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT; 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure; and 
 Risks Related to An Investment in Our Common Shares. 
 The risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, may also adversely affect our business. See Forward-Looking Statements . 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 Inflation and related volatility in the economy could negatively impact our results of operations and our tenants. 
 Inflation in the United States accelerated in 2022 and may continue at an elevated level in the near-term. This increase, and any related impacts, including increased prices for consumer goods and higher interest rates and wages, and any fiscal or other policy interventions by the U.S. government in reaction to such events, could negatively impact our results of operations, and could also negatively impact our tenants businesses. Most of our leases require tenants to pay their share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, although some larger tenants have capped the amount of these operating expenses they are responsible for under their lease. As a result, we believe that the structure of our leases reduces our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. However, there can be no assurance that our tenants will be able to absorb these expense increases and be able to continue to pay us their portion of operating expenses, capital expenditures and rent. While our leases generally provide for fixed annual rent increases, high levels of inflation will likely outpace our contractual rent increases. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to shareholders could be adversely affected over time. The duration and extent of any prolonged periods of inflation, and any related adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition, remain unknown at this time. 
 Additionally, inflationary pricing may have a negative effect on the construction costs necessary to complete our development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. Certain mitigating factors and contingencies are built into our contracts; however, no assurance can be given that our efforts at mitigation will be successful. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our investments in real estate assets and expected yields on our redevelopment projects. 
 
 Actual or perceived threats associated with epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, have had and could have a material adverse effect on our and our tenants businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and ability to access the capital markets and satisfy debt service obligations. 
 Epidemics, pandemics or other public health crises, that impact economic and market conditions, particularly in the markets where our properties are located, and preventative measures taken to alleviate their impact, may have a material adverse effect on our and our tenants businesses, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and ability to access capital markets and satisfy debt service obligations. 
 The actual and potential restrictions intended to prevent and mitigate such events have had, and could have in the future, additional adverse effects on our business, including with regards to: 
 the ability and willingness of our tenants to renew their leases upon expiration, our ability to re-lease the properties on the same or better terms in the event of nonrenewal or in the event we exercise our right to replace an existing tenant, and obligations we may incur in connection with the replacement of an existing tenant; 
 anticipated returns from development and redevelopment projects, which may experience delays due to supply-chain disruptions; 
 the broader impact of epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises and their effect on consumer behavior; 
 7 

our ability to pay down, refinance, restructure or extend our indebtedness as it becomes due or our ability to borrow funds under our credit facility as a result of covenants relating to our financial results; and 
 the potential reduction in our operating effectiveness if key personnel become unavailable due to illness or other personal circumstances. 
 To the extent any of these risks and uncertainties adversely impact us in the ways described above or otherwise, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 
 
 E-commerce may have an adverse impact on our tenants and our business. 
 E-commerce continues to gain popularity and growth in internet sales is likely to continue in the future. E-commerce could result in a downturn in the business of some of our current tenants and could affect the way other current and future tenants lease space. For example, the migration towards e-commerce has led many omnichannel retailers to prune the number and size of their traditional brick and mortar locations to increasingly rely on e-commerce and alternative distribution channels. Many tenants also permit merchandise purchased on their websites to be picked up at, or returned to, their physical store locations, which may have the effect of decreasing the reported amount of their in-store sales and the amount of rent we are able to collect from them (particularly with respect to those tenants who pay rent based on a percentage of their in-store sales). We cannot predict with certainty how growth in e-commerce will impact the demand for space at our properties or how much revenue will be generated at traditional store locations in the future. If the shift towards e-commerce causes declines in the brick and mortar sales generated by our tenants and/or causes our tenants to reduce the size or number of their retail locations in the future, our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Retail real estate is a competitive business. 
 Competition in the retail real estate industry is intense. We compete with a large number of public and private retail real estate companies, including property owners and developers. We compete with these companies to attract customers to our properties, as well as to attract anchor, non-anchor and other tenants. We also compete with these companies for development, redevelopment and acquisition opportunities. Other owners and developers may attempt to take existing tenants from our shopping centers by offering lower rents or other incentives to compel them to relocate. This competition could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease space and on the amount of rent and expense reimbursements that we receive. 
 
 We depend on leasing space to tenants on economically favorable terms and on collecting rent from tenants who ultimately may not be able to pay. 
 Our financial results depend significantly on leasing space in our properties to tenants on economically favorable terms. A majority of our income depends on the ability of our tenants to pay the full amount of rent and other charges due under their leases on a timely basis. Some of our leases provide for the payment, in addition to base rent, of additional rent above the base amount according to a specified percentage of the gross sales generated by the tenants and generally provide for reimbursement of real estate taxes and expenses of operating the property. Economic and/or competitive conditions may impact the success of our tenants retail operations and therefore the amount of rent and expense reimbursements we receive from our tenants. While demand for our retail spaces has been strong, there can be no assurance in our ability to maintain our occupancy levels on favorable terms. Any reduction in our tenants abilities to pay base rent, percentage rent or other charges on a timely basis will decrease our income, funds available to pay indebtedness and funds available for distribution to shareholders. If a tenant does not pay its rent, we might not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and might incur substantial legal and other costs. During periods of economic adversity, there may be an increase in the number of tenants that cannot pay their rent and an increase in vacancy rates, which could materially and adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to renew leases or relet space as leases expire on terms comparable to prior leases or at all. 
 If our tenants decide not to renew their leases upon their expiration, or if we exercise our right to replace an existing tenant, we may not be able to relet the space on terms comparable to prior leases or at all. Spaces that accounted for approximately 14.9 of physical occupancy were vacant as of December 31, 2022, excluding leases signed but not commenced. In addition, leases accounting for approximately 28 of our annualized base rent for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are scheduled to expire within the next three years. Even if tenants do renew or we can relet the space, the terms of the renewal or reletting, taking into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the property and leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the terms in the expired leases. In addition, changes in space utilization by our tenants may impact our ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of the relevant property. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the space at similar rates or if we incur substantial costs 
 8 

in renewing or reletting the space, our cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and other distributions to security holders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants may decrease our revenues, net income and available cash. 
 From time to time, certain of our tenants have become insolvent or declared bankruptcy and other tenants may declare bankruptcy or become insolvent in the future. Tenants who file for bankruptcy protection have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. In the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our properties files for bankruptcy and rejects its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues, and we may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by that party, which may adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant at one of our properties could also negatively impact our ability to lease other existing or future vacancies at any such property. In addition, our leases generally do not contain restrictions designed to ensure the ongoing creditworthiness of our tenants. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant could result in a lower level of net income, which may adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations and decrease funds available to pay our indebtedness or make distributions to shareholders. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Part II, Item 7 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 A significant number of our properties are located in the New York metropolitan area and are affected by the economic cycles there. 
 Because a significant number of our properties are located in the New York metropolitan area, we are particularly susceptible to adverse economic and other developments in that area. Notably, as of December 31, 2022, one of our New York metropolitan area properties, The Outlets at Bergen Town Center, in Paramus, NJ, generated in excess of 10 of our annualized base rent. Collectively, our New York metropolitan area properties in the aggregate generated approximately 73 of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. Real estate markets are subject to economic downturns, and we cannot predict the economic conditions in the New York metropolitan area in either the short-term or long-term. Poor economic or market conditions in the New York metropolitan area may adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our properties depend on anchor or major tenants and decisions made by these tenants, or adverse developments in the businesses of these tenants, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of our properties have anchor or major tenants that generally occupy larger spaces, sometimes pay a significant portion of a property s total rent and often contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing customers to a property. If an anchor or major tenant closes, such closure could adversely affect the property even if the tenant continues to pay rent due to the loss of the anchor or major tenant s drawing power. Additionally, closure of an anchor or major tenant could result in lease terminations by, or reductions in rent from, other tenants if the other tenants leases have co-tenancy clauses that permit cancellation or rent reduction if an anchor tenant closes. Retailer consolidation, store rationalization, competition from internet sales and general economic conditions may decrease the number of potential tenants available to fill available anchor tenant spaces. As a result, in the event one or more anchor tenants were to leave one or more of our centers, we cannot be sure that we would be able to lease the vacant space on equivalent terms or at all. In addition, we may not be able to recover costs owed to us by the closed tenant. In certain cases, some anchor and non-anchor tenants may be able to terminate their leases if they do not achieve defined sales levels. 
 
 Development and redevelopment activities have inherent risks, which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may develop or redevelop properties when we believe that doing so is consistent with our business strategy. As of December 31, 2022, we had 25 active redevelopment projects in which we have invested a total of approximately 56.3 million, and based on our current plans and estimates, we anticipate it will cost an additional 159.7 million to complete. We anticipate engaging in additional development and redevelopment activities in the future. In addition to the risks associated with real estate investments in general as described elsewhere, the risks associated with future development and redevelopment activities include: 
 expenditure of capital and time on projects that may never be completed; 
 failure or inability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; 
 inability to secure necessary zoning or regulatory approvals; 
 9 

higher than estimated construction or operating costs, including labor and material costs; 
 increased costs related to inflation, including higher costs of construction and financing; 
 inability to complete construction on schedule due to a number of factors, including inclement weather, labor disruptions, construction delays, delays or failure to receive zoning or other regulatory approvals, acts of terror or other acts of violence, or natural disasters (such as fires, seismic activity or floods); 
 significant time lag between commencement and stabilization resulting in delayed returns and greater risks due to fluctuations in the general economy, shifts in demographics and competition; 
 decrease in customer traffic during the redevelopment period causing a decrease in tenant sales; 
 inability to secure key anchor or other tenants at anticipated pace of lease-up or at all; and 
 occupancy and rental rates at a newly completed project that may not meet expectations. 
 If any of the above events were to occur, they may hinder our growth and may have an adverse effect on our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, new development and significant redevelopment activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, typically require substantial time and attention from management. 
 
 We face significant competition for acquisitions of properties, which may reduce the number of acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the costs of these acquisitions. 
 The current market for acquisitions of properties in our core markets continues to be competitive. This competition may increase the demand for the types of properties in which we typically invest and, therefore, increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. We also face significant competition for attractive acquisition opportunities from an indeterminate number of investors, including publicly-traded and privately-held REITs, private equity investors and institutional investment funds, some of which have greater financial resources, greater ability to borrow funds and the willingness to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the geographic proximity of investments and the payment of higher acquisition prices. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other forms of investment. Competition for investments may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us and may have the effect of increasing prices paid for such acquisition properties and, as a result, adversely affecting our ability to grow through acquisitions. 
 
 Our operating results at acquired properties may not meet our financial expectations. 
 Our ability to complete acquisitions on favorable terms and successfully operate or develop them is subject to the following risks: 
 we may incur significant costs and divert management attention in connection with the evaluation and negotiation of potential acquisitions, including ones that are subsequently not completed; 
 we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms and in the time period we desire, or at all; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly the acquisition of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations; 
 we may acquire properties that are not initially accretive to our results upon acquisition, and we may not successfully manage and lease those properties to meet our expectations; and 
 we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse to former owners, with respect to unknown liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by tenants or other persons to former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, trustees, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 If we are unable to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, or efficiently integrate such acquisitions, our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 It may be difficult to dispose of real estate quickly, which may limit our flexibility. 
 Real estate is relatively difficult to dispose of quickly. Consequently, we may have limited ability to promptly change our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Moreover, our ability to dispose of, or finance real estate may be materially and adversely affected during periods of uncertainty or unfavorable conditions in the credit markets as we or potential buyers of our real estate may experience difficulty in obtaining financing. To dispose of low basis deferral or tax- 
 10 

protected properties efficiently we from time to time use like-kind exchanges, which are intended to qualify for non-recognition of taxable gain, but can be difficult to consummate and result in the property for which the disposed assets are exchanged inheriting their low tax bases and other tax attributes (including tax protection covenants). These challenges related to dispositions may limit our flexibility. 
 
 Many real estate costs are fixed, even if income from our properties decreases. 
 Our financial results depend primarily on leasing space in our properties to tenants on terms favorable to us. Costs associated with operating real estate, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced even when a property is not fully occupied, rental rates decrease, or other circumstances cause a reduction in income from the property. As a result, cash flow from operations may be reduced if a tenant does not pay its rent or we are unable to rent our properties on favorable terms. 
 
 A number of properties in our portfolio are subject to ground or building leases; if we are found to be in breach of a ground or building lease or are unable to renew a ground or building lease, we could be materially and adversely affected. 
 A number of the properties in our portfolio are either completely or partially on land that is owned by third parties and leased to us pursuant to ground or building leases. Accordingly, we only own a long-term leasehold or similar interest in those properties. If we are found to be in breach of a ground or building lease and that breach cannot be cured, we could lose our interest in the improvements and the right to operate the property. In addition, unless we can purchase a fee interest in the underlying land or building or extend the terms of these leases before or at their expiration, as to which no assurance can be given, we will lose our interest in the improvements and the right to operate these properties. However, in certain cases, our ability to exercise such options is subject to the condition that we are not in default under the terms of the ground or building lease at the time that we exercise such options, and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to exercise our options at such time. If we were to lose the right to operate a property due to a breach or non-renewal of the ground or building lease, we would be unable to derive income from such property, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 Real estate is carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Our properties are individually reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the property may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the aggregate projected future cash flows over the anticipated holding period on an undiscounted basis, taking into account the appropriate capitalization rate in determining a future terminal value. An impairment loss is based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. Recording an impairment charge results in an immediate reduction in our income in the period in which the charge is taken, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR LIQUIDITY AND INDEBTEDNESS 
 Risks related to our outstanding debt. 
 We have historically used moderate levels of leverage and expect to continue to incur indebtedness to support our activities. As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding indebtedness was 1.7 billion, of which 159.2 million was variable rate indebtedness. If we are unable to obtain debt financing or refinance existing debt upon maturity on terms favorable to us, or at all, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected. We have approximately 329 million of debt, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.7 , maturing within the next 12 months related to mortgage loans encumbering three of our properties. We are actively exploring our options to refinance them, however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so prior to their maturities or at rates that are favorable to us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9 of our current outstanding debt bore interest at variable rates based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or the Prime Rate, plus an applicable margin per the loan agreement. We are exposed to risks related to a potential rising interest rate environment for our current or any future variable interest rate debt. Interest expense on our variable rate debt at December 31, 2022 would increase by approximately 1.6 million annually for every 100-basis-point increase in interest rates. While we may enter into interest rate hedging transactions with counterparties, there can be no guarantee that the future financial condition of these counterparties will enable them to fulfill their obligations under such agreements. 
 In 2017, U.K. regulators announced that they intend to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a result, U.S. regulators identified SOFR as their preferred alternative to USD LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. Additionally, while U.S. official guidance states that there should be no new LIBOR trading after December 31, 2021, we expect that USD LIBOR will continue to be published until June 30, 2023. We are not currently able to predict when LIBOR will cease to be available in the United States. When LIBOR is discontinued, the interest rates of our LIBOR- 
 11 

indexed debt following such event will be based on either alternate reference rates, such as SOFR, or agreed upon replacement rates. While such an event would not affect our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings, it could result in higher interest rates or additional hedging costs. 
 If the cost or amount of our debt increases or we cannot refinance our debt in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms, we are at risk of default on our obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our company, including our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Covenants in our existing financing agreements may restrict our operating, financing, redevelopment, development, acquisition and other activities. 
 The mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the applicable property or to reduce insurance coverage. Our existing revolving credit facility contains, and any debt that we may obtain in the future may contain, customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including covenants (i) that limit our ability to incur debt based upon (1) our ratio of total debt to total assets, (2) our ratio of secured debt to total assets, (3) our ratio of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization EBITDA to interest expense and (4) our ratio of EBITDA to fixed charges, and (ii) that require us to maintain a certain level of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt. Our ability to borrow is subject to compliance with these and other covenants. Failure to comply with our covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt instrument and we may then be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources or to give possession of a secured property to the lender. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us or may be available only on unattractive terms. 
 
 Defaults on secured indebtedness may result in foreclosure. 
 In the event that we default on mortgages in the future, either as a result of ceasing to make debt service payments or failing to meet applicable covenants, the lenders may accelerate the related debt obligations and foreclose and/or take control of the properties that secure their loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.7 billion of secured debt outstanding and 34 of our properties were encumbered by secured debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. Further, for tax purposes, the foreclosure of a mortgage may result in the recognition of taxable income related to the extinguished debt without us having received any accompanying cash proceeds. As a result, since we are structured as a REIT, we may be required to identify and utilize sources for distributions to our shareholders related to such taxable income in order to avoid incurring corporate tax or to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 
 
 We may not be able to obtain capital to make investments. 
 We depend primarily on external financing to fund the growth of our business because one of the requirements of the Code for a REIT is that it distributes at least 90 of its taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to its shareholders. There is a separate requirement to distribute net capital gains or pay a corporate level tax in lieu thereof. Our access to debt or equity financing depends on the willingness of third parties to lend to or to make equity investments and on conditions in the capital markets generally. There can be no assurance that new financing or other capital will be available or available on acceptable terms. The failure to obtain financing or other capital could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For information about our available sources of funds, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Part II, Item 7 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO BUSINESS CONTINUITY 
 Risks related to our malls in Puerto Rico. 
 Our two malls in Puerto Rico make up approximately 7 of our net operating income NOI for the year ended December 31, 2022. Puerto Rico faces significant fiscal and economic challenges, including those resulting from natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, the recent COVID-19 pandemic, and its government filing for bankruptcy protection in 2017. These factors have led to an emigration trend of Puerto Rico residents to the United States and elsewhere over the last several years. The combination of these circumstances could result in less disposable income for the purchase of goods sold in our malls and the inability of merchants to pay rent and other charges. Any of these events could negatively impact our ability to lease space on terms and conditions we seek and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, we have individual, non-recourse mortgages on each of our Puerto Rico properties. We also have a limited corporate guarantee related to our mortgage on the Outlets at Montehiedra of 12.5 million that is reduced commensurate with the loan amortization schedule. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining exposure under the guarantee is 8.0 million, which will reduce to zero in approximately 3.8 years. 
 12 

Natural disasters could have a concentrated impact on us. 
 We own properties near the Atlantic Coast and in Puerto Rico which are subject to natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods and storm surges. We also have two properties in California that could be impacted by earthquakes. As a result, we could become subject to business interruption, significant losses and repair costs, such as those we experienced from Hurricane Maria, which damaged and caused the temporary closure of our two properties in Puerto Rico. We maintain comprehensive, all-risk property and rental value insurance coverage on our properties, however losses resulting from a natural disaster may be subject to a deductible or not fully covered and such losses could adversely affect our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 
 We maintain numerous insurance policies including for general liability, property, pollution, acts of terrorism, trustees and officers , cyber security, workers compensation and automobile-related liabilities. However, all such policies are subject to the terms, conditions, exclusions, deductibles and sub-limits, among other limiting factors. For example, our terrorism insurance policy excludes coverage for nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism events as defined by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act. 
 Certain of the insurance premiums are charged directly to each of the properties but not all of the cost of such premiums are recovered. We are responsible for deductibles, losses in excess of insurance coverage, and the portion of premiums not reimbursable by tenants at our properties, which could be material. 
 We continue to monitor the state of the insurance market and the scope and costs of available coverage. We cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in the future and expect premiums across most coverage lines to increase in light of recent events. The incurrence of uninsured losses, costs or uncovered premiums could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Part II, Item 7. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Terrorist acts and shooting incidents could harm the demand for, and the value of, our properties. 
 Over the past several years, a number of highly publicized terrorist acts and shootings have occurred at domestic and international retail properties. In the event concerns regarding safety were to alter shopping habits or deter customers from visiting shopping centers, our tenants would be adversely affected as would the general demand for retail space. Additionally, if such incidents were to continue, insurance for such acts may become limited or subject to substantial cost increases. Such an incident at one of our properties, particularly one in which we generate a significant amount of revenue, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 
 Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our information technology IT infrastructure, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. We have placed reliance on third-party managed services to perform a number of IT-related functions and we may experience system difficulties related to our platform and integrating the services provided by third parties. If we experience a system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations, we could experience material and adverse disruptions to our business. We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. 
 
 We face risks associated with security and cyber security breaches. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. Similarly, vendors from whom we receive outsourced IT-related services, including third-party platforms, face the same risks, which could in turn affect us. Our internal and outsourced IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day to day operations. 
 A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, may damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants and revenues, generate third-party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues, and we may not be 
 13 

able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers, responsible parties, or insurance carriers which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
 We may be adversely affected by laws, regulations or other issues related to climate change. 
 We may become subject to laws or regulations related to climate change, which could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to be impacted adversely. The federal government has enacted, and some of the states and localities in which we operate may enact, certain climate change laws and regulations or have begun regulating carbon footprints and greenhouse gas emissions. Although these laws and regulations have not had any known material adverse effects on our business to date, they could result in substantial costs, including compliance costs, increased energy costs, retrofit costs and construction costs, including monitoring and reporting costs, and capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and other new equipment. We have implemented strategies to support our continued effort to reduce energy and water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, and waste production across our portfolio. We cannot predict how future laws and regulations, or future interpretations of current laws and regulations, related to climate change will affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes to global weather patterns, which could include local changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperature averages or extremes. These impacts may adversely affect our properties, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and environmental contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate. 
 Our operations and properties are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic substances and health and safety. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of any required remediation may exceed the value of the property and/or the aggregate assets of the owner or the responsible party. The presence of, or the failure to properly remediate, hazardous or toxic substances may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease a contaminated property or to use the property as collateral for a loan. We can provide no assurance that we are aware of all potential environmental liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that our properties will not be affected by tenants or nearby properties or other unrelated third parties; and that future uses or conditions, or changes in environmental laws and regulations will not result in additional material environmental liabilities to us. 
 Generally, our tenants must comply with environmental laws and meet remediation requirements. Our leases typically impose obligations on our tenants to indemnify us from any compliance costs we may incur as a result of the environmental conditions on the property caused by the tenant. If a lease does not require compliance or if a tenant fails to or cannot comply, we could be forced to pay these costs. 
 If not addressed, environmental conditions could impair our ability to sell or re-lease the affected properties in the future, or result in lower sales prices or rent payments, which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, customers, employees, and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting could cause us to incur additional costs, devote additional resources and expose us to additional risks, which could adversely impact our reputation, customer acquisition and retention, access to capital and employee retention. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their ESG practices and reporting. Investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders have begun to focus increasingly on ESG practices and to place increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments, purchases, and other interactions with companies. With this increased focus and demand, public reporting regarding ESG practices is becoming more broadly expected. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet investor, customer, or employee expectations, which continue to evolve, our reputation and tenant retention may be negatively impacted. Any disclosure we make may include our policies and practices on a variety of ESG matters, including corporate governance, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, and workforce inclusion and diversity. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG reporting, our ESG practices or our speed of adoption. We could also incur additional costs and devote additional resources to monitor, report and implement various ESG practices. If we fail, or are perceived to be failing, to meet the standards included in any sustainability 
 14 

disclosure or the expectations of our various stakeholders, it could negatively impact our reputation, tenant and employee retention, and access to capital. 
 
 Compliance or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, safety regulations or other requirements could result in substantial costs. 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act ADA generally requires that public buildings, including our properties, meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private litigants and/or legal fees to their counsel. We could be required under the ADA to make substantial alterations to, and capital expenditures at, one or more of our properties, including the removal of access barriers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements such as state and local fire and life safety regulations. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA and any other legislation, our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR STATUS AS A REIT 
 We may fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT and may be required to pay income taxes at corporate rates. 
 Although we believe that we will remain organized and will continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may fail to remain so qualified. Qualifications are governed by highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations and that depend on various facts and circumstances that are not entirely within our control. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the relevant tax laws and/or the federal income tax consequences of qualifying as a REIT. If, with respect to any taxable year, we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT and do not qualify for relief under statutory relief provisions, we could not deduct distributions to shareholders in computing our taxable income and would have to pay federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. If we had to pay federal income tax, the amount of money available to distribute to shareholders and pay our indebtedness would be reduced for the year or years involved, and we would no longer be required to make distributions to shareholders. In addition, we would also be disqualified as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost unless we were entitled to relief under the relevant statutory provisions. 
 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. 
 To qualify to be taxed as a REIT, and assuming that certain other requirements are also satisfied, we generally must distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains, to our shareholders each year. U.S. federal corporate income tax does not apply to earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement and qualify for taxation as a REIT, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed net taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our shareholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to distribute 100 of our REIT taxable income to our shareholders. 
 From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our cash flow as a result of differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the effect of limitations on interest and net operating loss deductibility, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. If we do not have other funds available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of our shares or debt securities to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund investment activities. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our shares. Any restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness or make certain distributions could preclude us from meeting the 90 distribution requirement. Decreases in funds from operations due to unfinanced expenditures for acquisitions of properties or increases in the number of shares outstanding without commensurate increases in funds from operations would adversely affect our ability to maintain distributions to our 
 15 

shareholders. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will be able to make distributions at the anticipated distribution rate or any other rate. 
 
 Risks related to Section 1031 Exchanges. 
 From time to time we may dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as like kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code Section 1031 Exchanges ). It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a Section 1031 Exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable. In such case, our taxable income and earnings and profits would increase. In some circumstances, we may be required to pay additional dividends or, in lieu of that, corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. As a result, we may be required to borrow funds in order to pay additional dividends or taxes, and the payment of such taxes could cause us to have less cash available to distribute to our shareholders. In addition, if a Section 1031 Exchange were later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent our shareholders. We could also be subject to significant indemnity obligations if the applicable property was subject to a tax protection agreement. Moreover, it is possible that legislation could be enacted that could modify or repeal the laws with respect to Section 1031 Exchanges, which could make it more difficult or not possible for us to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 
 
 We face possible adverse changes in tax law. 
 Changes in U.S. federal, state and local tax laws or regulations, with or without retroactive application, could have a negative effect on us. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify to be taxed as a REIT and/or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to our investors and to us of such qualification. Even changes that do not impose greater taxes on us could potentially result in adverse consequences to our shareholders. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR ORGANIZATION AND STRUCTURE 
 Our Declaration of Trust sets limits on the ownership of our shares. 
 Generally, for us to maintain a qualification as a REIT under the Code, not more than fifty percent (50 in value of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of our taxable year. The Code defines individuals for purposes of the requirement described in the preceding sentence to include some types of entities. Under our Declaration of Trust, no person or entity (or group thereof) may own more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding shares of any class or series, with some exceptions for persons or entities approved by the Board of Trustees. A transfer of our shares of beneficial interest to a person who, as a result of the transfer, violates the ownership limit will be void under certain circumstances, and, in any event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares in excess of the ownership limit. These restrictions on transferability and ownership may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us or other transaction that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in the best interest of the shareholders. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust limits the removal of members of the Board of Trustees. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of preferred shares to elect or remove one or more trustees, a trustee may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of the Board of Trustees to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees, precludes shareholders from removing incumbent trustees except for cause and upon a substantial affirmative vote and filling the vacancies created by the removal with their own nominees. These limitations may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us or other transactions that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 
 Maryland law contains provisions that may reduce the likelihood of certain takeover transactions. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law, may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our shares, including: 
 Business combination provisions that, subject to certain exceptions, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested shareholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter impose fair price or super majority shareholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 16 

Control share provisions that provide the holders of control shares of a company (defined as shares that, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the shareholder, entitle the shareholder to exercise voting power in the election of trustees within one of three increasing ranges) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of the voting power of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 As permitted by Maryland law, our Bylaws provide that we will not be subject to the control share provisions of Maryland law. However, we cannot assure you that the Board of Trustees will not revise our Bylaws in order to be subject to such control share provisions in the future. With respect to the business combination provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), our Board of Trustees adopted a resolution providing that we may not elect to be subject to such provisions and that this prohibition may not be repealed without prior shareholder approval. Our Bylaws include a provision that formalizes this resolution. As a result, any person may be able to enter into business combinations with us, which may not be in the best interest of shareholders, within five years of becoming an interested shareholder and without compliance by us with the super-majority vote requirements and other provisions of the MGCL. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law permit the board of trustees of a Maryland real estate investment trust with at least three independent trustees and a class of shares registered under the Exchange Act, without shareholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in its declaration of trust or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (for example, implementing a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of shares of our shares with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. 
 We may also choose to adopt other takeover defenses in the future. Any such actions could deter a transactions that may otherwise be in the interest of our shareholders. 
 
 We may issue additional shares in a manner that could adversely affect the likelihood of certain takeover transactions. 
 Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws authorize the Board of Trustees in its sole discretion and without shareholder approval, to: 
 cause us to issue additional authorized, but unissued, common or preferred shares; 
 classify or reclassify, in one or more classes or series, any unissued common or preferred shares; 
 set the preferences, rights and other terms of any classified or reclassified shares that we issue; and 
 increase the number of shares of beneficial interest that we may issue. 
 The Board of Trustees can establish a class or series of common or preferred shares whose terms could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us or other transaction that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws contain other provisions that may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us or other transaction that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in our best interest or the best interest of our shareholders. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON SHARES 
 The market prices and trading volume of our equity securities may be volatile. 
 The market prices of our equity securities depend on various factors which may be unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. We cannot assure you that the market prices of our equity securities, including our common shares, will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. 
 A number of factors could negatively affect, or result in fluctuations in, the prices or trading volume of equity securities, including: 
 actual or anticipated changes in our operating results and changes in expectations of future financial performance; 
 our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 changes in the real estate industry, and in the retail industry, including growth in e-commerce, catalog companies and direct consumer sales; 
 our strategic decisions, such as acquisitions, dispositions, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes in business strategy; 
 17 

equity issuances or buybacks by us or the perception that such issuances or buybacks may occur or adverse reaction market reaction to any indebtedness we incur; 
 changes in the interest rate environment and/or the impact of rising inflation; 
 decreases in our distributions to shareholders; 
 changes in real estate valuations or market valuations of similar companies; 
 additions or departures of key management personnel; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry by securities analysts, or negative speculation in the press or investment community; 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us, our tax status, or our industry; 
 changes in accounting principles; 
 our failure to satisfy the listing requirements of the NYSE; 
 our failure to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; 
 our failure to qualify as a REIT; and 
 general market conditions, including factors unrelated to our performance. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the price of their common stock. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on our common shares. 
 Although we expect to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of dividends to shareholders falls within the discretion of the Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees decisions regarding the payment of dividends depend on factors such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, limitations under our financing arrangements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other considerations that it deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends depends on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to the capital markets, and therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will pay dividends in the future. 
 
 Your percentage of ownership in our Company may be diluted in the future. 
 In the future, your ownership in us may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or compensatory equity awards to our trustees, officers or employees, or otherwise. The issuance of additional common shares would dilute the interests of our current shareholders, and could depress the market price of our common shares, impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities, or impact our ability to pay dividends. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common shares or other equity-related securities including the issuance of Operating Partnership units would have on the market price of our common shares. 
 In addition, our Declaration of Trust authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred shares having such designation, voting powers, preferences, rights and other terms, including preferences over our common shares respecting dividends and other distributions, as the Board of Trustees generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred shares could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common shares. For example, we could grant the holders of preferred shares the right to elect some number of our trustees in all events or on the occurrence of specified events, or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we could assign to holders of preferred shares could affect the residual value of the common shares. 
 
 Inflation and related volatility in the economy could negatively impact the value of our publicly-traded equity securities. 
 Volatility in the financial markets like we are currently experiencing could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or impact the cost at which we are able to do so, which could slow or deter our future growth. To the extent our exposure to increases in interest rates on any of our debt is not eliminated through interest rate swaps and interest rate protection agreements, such increases will result in higher debt service costs, which will adversely affect our cash flows. Our exposure to increases in interest rates in the short term includes our variable-rate borrowings and our floating rate mortgages. See Risks Related to Our Liquidity and Indebtedness Risks related to our outstanding debt . Increases in interest rates could increase our financing costs over time, either through near-term borrowings on our existing variable-rate borrowings or 
 18 

refinancing of our existing borrowings that may incur higher interest expenses related to the issuance of new debt. There is no guarantee we will be able to mitigate the impact of rising inflation. 
 One of the factors that may influence the prices of our publicly-traded equity securities is the interest rate on our debt and the dividend yield on our common shares relative to market interest rates. As market interest rates rise, unless we eliminate our exposure to such increases, our borrowing costs may rise and result in less funds being available for distribution. Therefore, we may not be able to, or we may choose not to, provide a higher distribution rate on our common shares. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of our properties. These factors could result in a decline in the market prices of our publicly-traded equity securities. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of 69 shopping centers, five malls and two industrial parks totaling approximately 17.2 million sf. We own our four malls, two industrial parks and 54 shopping centers 100 in fee simple. We own a 95 interest in Walnut Creek (Mt. Diablo), an 82.5 interest in Sunrise Mall in Massapequa, NY and lease 14 of our shopping centers under ground and/or building leases. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.7 billion of outstanding mortgage indebtedness which is secured by our properties. The following pages provide details of our properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 Property Total Square Feet (1) 
 Percent Leased (1) 
 Weighted Average Annual Rent per sq ft (2) 
 Major Tenants RETAIL PORTFOLIO: California: Walnut Creek (Olympic) 31,000 100.0 80.50 Anthropologie Walnut Creek (Mt. Diablo) (4) 
 7,000 43.8 72.00 Sweetgreen Connecticut: Newington 189,000 90.0 9.55 Walmart, Staples Maryland: Towson (Goucher Commons) 155,000 90.0 23.82 Sprouts, HomeGoods, Five Below, Ulta, Kirkland's, DSW, Golf Galaxy (lease not commenced) Rockville 94,000 98.0 27.07 Regal Entertainment Group Wheaton (leased through 2060) (3) 
 66,000 100.0 18.35 Best Buy Woodmore Towne Centre (6) 
 712,000 97.0 17.72 Costco, Wegmans, At Home, Best Buy, LA Fitness, Nordstrom Rack Massachusetts: Cambridge (leased through 2033) (3) 
 48,000 100.0 28.06 PetSmart, Central Rock Gym (lease not commenced) Hyde Park (The Shops at Riverwood) (6) 
 76,000 100.0 24.42 Price Rite, Planet Fitness, Goodwill Revere (Wonderland Marketplace) 140,000 100.0 13.45 Big Lots, Planet Fitness, Marshalls, Get Air Missouri: Manchester 131,000 100.0 11.82 Pan-Asia Market, Academy Sports, Bob's Discount Furniture New Hampshire: Salem (leased through 2102) (3) 
 39,000 100.0 10.20 Fun City New Jersey: Bergen Town Center - East, Paramus 253,000 93.8 22.39 Lowe's, REI, Best Buy Bergen Town Center - West, Paramus 1,051,000 91.0 31.26 Target, Whole Foods Market, Burlington, Marshalls, Nordstrom Rack, Saks Off 5th, HomeGoods, H M, Bloomingdale's Outlet, Nike Factory Store, Old Navy, Kohl's 
 19 

Brick 273,000 98.7 20.62 ShopRite, Kohl's, Marshalls, Old Navy Carlstadt (leased through 2050) (3) 
 78,000 98.3 24.04 Stop Shop Cherry Hill (Plaza at Cherry Hill) 422,000 82.1 15.32 Aldi, LA Fitness, Raymour Flanigan, Total Wine, Guitar Center, Sam Ash Music East Brunswick 427,000 100.0 14.89 Lowe's, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods, P.C. Richard Son, T.J. Maxx, LA Fitness East Hanover (200 - 240 Route 10 West) 343,000 99.3 21.60 The Home Depot, Dick's Sporting Goods, Saks Off 5th, Marshalls East Rutherford 197,000 98.2 12.94 Lowe's Garfield 298,000 100.0 16.01 Walmart, Burlington, Marshalls, PetSmart, Ulta Hackensack 275,000 99.4 24.32 The Home Depot, Staples, Petco, 99 Ranch Hazlet 95,000 100.0 3.96 Stop Shop (5) 
 Jersey City (Hudson Mall) 382,000 84.9 18.17 Marshalls, Big Lots, Retro Fitness, Staples, Old Navy Jersey City (Hudson Commons) 236,000 100.0 13.99 Lowe's, P.C. Richard Son Kearny 120,000 100.0 23.96 LA Fitness, Marshalls, Ulta Lodi (Washington Street) 43,000 100.0 20.20 Dollar Tree Manalapan 208,000 87.7 20.80 Best Buy, Raymour Flanigan, PetSmart, Avalon Flooring Marlton 214,000 100.0 16.58 ShopRite, Kohl's, PetSmart Middletown (Town Brook Commons) 231,000 97.0 13.39 Stop Shop, Kohl's Millburn 104,000 89.5 28.96 Trader Joe's, CVS, PetSmart Montclair 18,000 100.0 32.00 Whole Foods Market Morris Plains (Briarcliff Commons) (6) 
 176,000 94.7 23.72 Uncle Giuseppe's, Kohl's North Bergen (Kennedy Commons) 62,000 100.0 14.65 Food Bazaar North Bergen (Tonnelle Commons) 410,000 100.0 21.95 BJ's Wholesale Club, Walmart, PetSmart North Plainfield (West End Commons) 241,000 100.0 11.91 Costco, The Tile Shop, La-Z-Boy, Petco, DaVita Dialysis Paramus (leased through 2033) (3) 
 63,000 100.0 49.97 24 Hour Fitness Rockaway 189,000 96.8 15.16 ShopRite, T.J. Maxx South Plainfield (Stelton Commons) (leased through 2039) (3) 
 56,000 100.0 22.34 Staples, Party City Totowa 271,000 83.4 18.04 The Home Depot, Bed Bath Beyond, buybuy Baby, Staples Union (2445 Springfield Ave) 232,000 100.0 17.85 The Home Depot Union (West Branch Commons) 278,000 98.7 16.12 Lowe's, Burlington Watchung (Greenbrook Commons) 170,000 100.0 18.83 BJ's Wholesale Club, Aldi (lease not commenced) Woodbridge (Woodbridge Commons) 225,000 100.0 13.51 Walmart, Charisma Furniture Woodbridge (Plaza at Woodbridge) 332,000 91.6 19.04 Best Buy, Raymour Flanigan, Lincoln Tech, Retro Fitness, Bed Bath Beyond and buybuy Baby New York: Bronx (Gun Hill Commons) 81,000 100.0 37.62 Aldi, Planet Fitness Bronx (Bruckner Commons) (6) 
 396,000 74.6 33.92 ShopRite, Burlington, Target (lease not commenced) Bronx (Shops at Bruckner) 115,000 100.0 38.36 Marshalls, Old Navy, Five Below, Aldi (lease not commenced) Brooklyn (Kingswood Center) 129,000 90.6 30.92 T.J. Maxx, Visiting Nurse Service of NY Brooklyn (Kingswood Crossing) 107,000 69.5 41.86 Target, Marshalls, Maimonides Medical Buffalo (Amherst Commons) 311,000 98.1 11.06 BJ's Wholesale Club, T.J. Maxx, Burlington, HomeGoods, LA Fitness Dewitt (Marshall Plaza) (leased through 2041) (3) 
 46,000 100.0 24.62 Best Buy Freeport (Meadowbrook Commons) (leased through 2040) (3) 
 44,000 100.0 22.31 Bob's Discount Furniture Freeport (Freeport Commons) 173,000 100.0 26.32 The Home Depot, Staples Huntington 207,000 81.3 21.04 ShopRite, Marshalls, Old Navy, Petco Inwood (Burnside Commons) 100,000 90.7 17.39 Bingo Wholesale (lease not commenced) Mt. Kisco 189,000 100.0 17.59 Target, Stop Shop New Hyde Park (leased through 2029) (3) 
 101,000 100.0 21.93 Stop Shop 
 20 

Queens (Cross Bay Commons) 45,000 87.1 42.17 Northwell Health Rochester (Henrietta) (leased through 2056) (3) 
 165,000 97.9 4.62 Kohl's Staten Island (Forest Commons) 165,000 96.6 24.84 Western Beef, Planet Fitness, Mavis Discount Tire, NYC Public School Yonkers Gateway Center 448,000 94.1 16.02 Burlington, Marshalls, Homesense, Best Buy, DSW, PetSmart, Alamo Drafthouse Cinema Pennsylvania: Bensalem (Marten Commons) 185,000 96.6 14.83 Kohl's, Ross Dress for Less, Staples, Petco Broomall (6) 
 168,000 75.8 16.40 Amazon Fresh, Planet Fitness, PetSmart, Nemours Children's Hospital Glenolden (MacDade Commons) 102,000 100.0 12.93 Walmart Lancaster (Lincoln Plaza) 228,000 100.0 5.27 Lowe's, Community Aid, Mattress Firm Springfield (leased through 2025) (3) 
 41,000 100.0 25.29 PetSmart Wilkes-Barre 184,000 92.5 13.12 Bob's Discount Furniture, Ross Dress for Less, Marshalls, Petco, Wren Kitchens Wyomissing (leased through 2065) (3) 
 76,000 100.0 14.70 LA Fitness, PetSmart South Carolina: Charleston (leased through 2063) (3) 
 45,000 100.0 15.56 Best Buy Virginia: Norfolk (leased through 2069) (3) 
 114,000 100.0 7.79 BJ's Wholesale Club Puerto Rico: Las Catalinas 355,000 86.2 29.75 Sector Sixty6 (lease not commenced), Forever 21, Old Navy Montehiedra (6) 
 514,000 94.7 20.02 The Home Depot, Marshalls, Caribbean Cinemas, Tiendas Capri, Old Navy, Ralph's Food Warehouse (lease not commenced), T.J. Maxx (lease not commenced) Total Retail Portfolio 14,495,000 94.3 19.89 INDUSTRIAL: East Hanover Warehouses (8) 
 1,218,000 100.0 8.46 J J Tri-State Delivery, Foremost Groups, PCS Wireless, Fidelity Paper Supply, Decker Tape, Givaudan Flavors, Reliable Tire, Nutra-Med, Bestway Trucking (lease not commenced) Lodi (Route 17 North) 127,000 100.0 12.97 AAA Wholesale Group Total Industrial 1,345,000 100.0 8.89 Massapequa, NY (Sunrise Mall) (portion leased through 2069) (4)(6)(7) 
 1,228,000 33.4 8.37 Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, Dave Buster's, Raymour Flanigan, Home Goods Total Urban Edge Properties 17,068,000 90.3 18.62 
 (1) Percent leased is expressed as the percentage of gross leasable area subject to a lease, excluding temporary tenants. The Company also excludes 132,000 sf of self-storage from the report above. 
 (2) Weighted average annual rent per square foot including ground leases and executed leases for which rent has not commenced is calculated by annualizing tenants current base rent (excluding any free rent periods), and excluding tenant reimbursements, concessions and storage rent. Excluding the ground leases where the Company is the lessor, the weighted average annual rent per square foot for our retail portfolio is 21.85 per square foot. 
 (3) The Company is a lessee under a ground or building lease. The total square feet disclosed for the building will revert to the lessor upon lease expiration. 
 (4) We own 95 of Walnut Creek (Mt. Diablo) and 82.5 of Sunrise Mall with the remaining portions in each case owned by joint venture partners. 
 (5) The tenant never commenced operations at this location but continues to pay rent. 
 (6) Not included in the same-property pool for the purposes of calculating same-property NOI for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (7) Includes the acquisition of 40 Carmans Road. 
 (8) Includes 151 Ridgedale Avenue and 601 Murray Road which were acquired in August 2021. These properties are included in our non-same property pool for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

21 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 900 leases. Tenant leases under 10,000 square feet generally have lease terms of five years or less. Tenant leases comprising 10,000 square feet or more generally have lease terms of 10 to 25 years, and are considered anchor leases with one or more renewal options available upon expiration of the initial lease term. The majority of our leases provide for reimbursements of real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges (including roof and structure in shopping centers, unless it is the tenant s direct responsibility), and percentage rents based on tenant sales volume. Percentage rents accounted for approximately 2 of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Occupancy 
 The following table sets forth the consolidated retail portfolio leased occupancy rate (excluding industrial and self-storage space), square footage and weighted average annual base rent per square foot of properties in our retail portfolio as of December 31 for the last five years: 
 December 31, 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 2020 2019 2018 Total square feet 14,495,000 14,469,000 15,221,000 14,277,000 15,407,000 Occupancy rate 94.3 91.1 88.7 92.4 92.6 Average annual base rent per sf 19.89 19.70 18.97 19.22 17.90 
 (1) Excludes Sunrise Mall for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The following table sets forth the occupancy rate, square footage and weighted average annual base rent per square foot of our industrial properties as of December 31 for the last five years: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total square feet 1,345,000 1,345,000 1,070,000 943,000 942,000 Occupancy rate 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Average annual base rent per sf 8.89 6.04 6.34 5.70 5.34 
 
 Major Tenants 
 The following table sets forth information for our ten largest tenants by total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Tenant Number of Stores Square Feet of Total Square Feet 2022 Revenues (1) 
 (in thousands) 
 of Total Revenues The Home Depot 6 808,926 4.7 21,447 5.4 The TJX Companies (2) 
 21 671,521 3.9 19,027 4.8 Lowe's Companies 6 976,415 5.7 14,264 3.6 Walmart 5 708,435 4.2 13,663 3.4 Best Buy 8 359,551 2.1 10,682 2.7 Burlington 7 415,828 2.4 10,476 2.6 Kohl's 8 767,345 4.5 10,391 2.6 BJ's Wholesale Club 4 454,297 2.7 8,667 2.2 Ahold Delhaize (Stop Shop) 5 362,696 2.1 8,090 2.0 ShopRite 5 361,058 2.1 7,870 2.0 
 (1) Based on contractual revenues as determined by the tenants operating lease agreements. 
 (2) Includes Marshalls (13), T.J. Maxx (4), HomeGoods (3) and Homesense (1). 

22 

Lease Expirations 
 The following table sets forth the anticipated expirations of tenant leases in our consolidated retail portfolio for each year from 2023 through 2033 and thereafter, assuming no exercise of renewal options or early termination rights: 
 Percentage of Weighted Average Annual Number of Square Feet of Retail Properties Base Rent of Expiring Leases Year Expiring Leases Expiring Leases Square Feet Total Per Square Foot Month-To-Month 33 116,000 0.8 2,884,920 24.87 2023 80 643,000 4.4 16,615,120 25.84 2024 116 1,521,000 10.5 32,595,030 21.43 2025 86 1,256,000 8.7 23,977,040 19.09 2026 99 922,000 6.4 21,786,860 23.63 2027 100 1,116,000 7.7 19,820,160 17.76 2028 75 1,143,000 7.9 26,711,910 23.37 2029 73 1,536,000 10.6 33,991,680 22.13 2030 45 1,205,000 8.3 18,930,550 15.71 2031 33 1,025,000 7.1 17,209,750 16.79 2032 50 433,000 3.0 9,214,240 21.28 2033 42 710,000 4.9 12,616,700 17.77 Thereafter 49 2,043,000 14.0 34,567,560 16.92 Subtotal/Average 881 13,669,000 94.3 271,876,410 19.89 Vacant 171 826,000 5.7 N/A N/A Total (1) 
 1,052 14,495,000 100.0 271,876,410 N/A 
 (1) Total lease count excludes industrial tenant leases, temporary tenant leases, cart and kiosk leases and Sunrise Mall. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are a party to various legal proceedings, claims or regulatory inquiries and investigations arising out of, or incident to, our ordinary course of business. While we are unable to predict with certainty the outcome of any particular matter, management does not currently expect, when such matters are resolved, that our resulting exposure to loss contingencies, if any, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or consolidated financial position. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Urban Edge Properties 
 
 Market Information and Dividends 
 Our common shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol UE . Our common shares began regular way trading on January 15, 2015. As of February 3, 2023, there were approximately 1,237 holders of record of our common shares. 
 The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT under sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), commencing with the filing of its 2015 tax return for its tax year ended December 31, 2015. So long as the Company qualifies as a REIT under the Code, the Company will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on net taxable income that it distributes annually to its shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for the four subsequent taxable years. In addition, the Company s TRS is subject to income tax at regular corporate rates. 
 Future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual dividend requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, and such other factors as our Board of Trustees deems relevant. 
 Our Board of Trustees declared a quarterly dividend of 0.16 and 0.15 per share for each of the four quarters in 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company declared distributions on common shares and OP units of 0.64 and 0.60 per share/unit in the aggregate. The annual dividend amount may differ from dividends as calculated for federal income tax purposes. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to a shareholder as ordinary dividend income. However, current law provides a deduction of 20 of a non-corporate taxpayer s ordinary REIT dividends with such deduction scheduled to expire for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a nontaxable reduction of the shareholder s basis in such shareholder s shares, to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable capital gains. Distributions that are treated as a reduction of the shareholder s basis in its shares will have the effect of increasing the amount of gain, or reducing the amount of loss, recognized upon the sale of the shareholder s shares. No assurances can be given regarding what portion, if any, of distributions in 2022 or subsequent years will constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. During a year in which a REIT earns a net long-term capital gain, the REIT can elect under Section 857(b)(3) of the Code to designate a portion of dividends paid to shareholders as capital gain dividends. If this election is made, the capital gain dividends are generally taxable to the shareholder as long-term capital gains. 
 
 We have determined the dividends paid on our common shares during 2022 and 2021 qualify for the following tax treatment: 
 Total Distribution per Share Ordinary Dividends Long Term Capital Gains Return of Capital 2022 0.64 0.64 2021 0.60 0.60 

24 

Total Shareholder Return Performance 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our common shares with the Russell 2000 Index, the S P 500 Index, Dow Jones Equity All REIT (previously SNL U.S. REIT Equity Index) and the Dow Jones US Real Estate Strip Centers (previously SNL REIT Retail Shopping Center Index) as provided by SNL Financial LC, for the five years commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022, assuming an investment of 100 and the reinvestment of all dividends into additional common shares during the holding period. Historical stock performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. 
 The performance graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this annual report into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such acts. 
 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1) 

(1) 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Cumulative (1) 
 Total Return 
 Total Return as of Stock/Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 UE (31.7) 100.0 68.0 82.2 58.4 88.5 68.3 S P 500 56.9 100.0 95.6 125.7 148.9 191.6 156.9 Russell 2000 22.4 100.0 89.0 111.7 134.0 153.9 122.4 Dow Jones Equity All REIT 24.5 100.0 95.9 123.5 117.5 166.0 124.5 Dow Jones US Real Estate Strip Centers (3.2) 100.0 85.4 108.6 74.5 107.2 96.8 
 25 

(1) Cumulative total return is for the five years commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. 

Operating Partnership 
 Market Information and Distributions 
 There is no established public market for our general and common limited partnership interests in the operating partnership OP Units ). As of February 3, 2023, there were 117,485,171 general partnership units outstanding and 4,713,558 common limited partnership units outstanding, held by approximately 1,237 and 42 holders of record, respectively. 
 Under the limited partnership agreement of UELP, unitholders may present their common units for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such right for a period of time). Upon presentation of a common unit for redemption, UELP must redeem the unit for cash equal to the then value of a share of UE s common shares, as defined by the limited partnership agreement. In lieu of cash redemption by UELP, however, UE may elect to acquire any common units so tendered by issuing common shares of UE in exchange for the common units. If UE so elects, its common shares will be exchanged for common units on a one-for-one basis. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 250,000 units were redeemed for common shares and no units were redeemed for cash. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Shares 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 250,000 common shares in exchange for 250,000 common limited partnership units held by certain limited partners of the Operating Partnership. All common shares were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We relied on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) based upon factual representations received from the limited partner who received the common shares. 
 Each time the Company issues common shares (other than in exchange for common limited partnership units when such units are presented for redemption), it contributes the proceeds of such issuance to the Operating Partnership in return for an equivalent number of partnership units with rights and preferences analogous to the shares issued. During the year ended, December 31, 2022, in connection with issuances of common shares by the Company pursuant to the Urban Edge Properties 2015 Employee Share Purchase Plan, the Operating Partnership issued an aggregate of 26,088 common limited partnership units to the Company in exchange for approximately 0.3 million, the aggregate proceeds of such common share issuances to the Company. Such units were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 16,531 restricted common shares were forfeited by former employees in connection with their departure from the Company. We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Our employees will at times surrender common shares owned by them to satisfy statutory minimum federal, state and local tax obligations associated with the vesting of their restricted common shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 7,228 restricted common shares were surrendered. 
 In March 2020, our Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program for up to 200 million of the Company s common shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares were repurchased. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased 5.9 million common shares at a weighted average share price of 9.22, for a total of 54.1 million. All share repurchases by the Company were completed between March and April of 2020. There is approximately 145.9 million remaining for share repurchases under this program. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Information regarding equity compensation plans is presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 Not applicable. 

26 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and provides a year-to-year comparison between 2022 and 2021. A discussion of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K but can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Our Company 
 Urban Edge Properties UE , Urban Edge , or the Company (NYSE: UE) is a Maryland real estate investment trust that manages, develops, redevelops, and acquires retail real estate, primarily in the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. Urban Edge Properties LP UELP or the Operating Partnership is a Delaware limited partnership formed to serve as UE s majority-owned partnership subsidiary and to own, through affiliates, all of our real estate properties and other assets. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us and our refer to Urban Edge Properties and UELP and their consolidated entities/subsidiaries. 
 The Operating Partnership s capital includes general and common limited partnership interests in the operating partnership OP Units ). As of December 31, 2022, Urban Edge owned approximately 96.1 of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management, Urban Edge s Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The third-party unitholders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity VIE ), and the Company is the primary beneficiary that consolidates it. The Company s only investment is the Operating Partnership. The VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE s obligations and the Company s partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of 69 shopping centers, five malls and two industrial parks totaling approximately 17.2 million square feet. 
 
 Economic Considerations 
 In March of 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the COVID-19 outbreak as a global pandemic. Many of our tenants faced adverse financial consequences from reduced business operations and restrictions related to the pandemic, and the Company s results for 2020 were negatively impacted by tenant fallout from COVID-driven bankruptcies, uncollected or disputed rents from impacted tenants, and from abatements granted to tenants facing financial hardships due to the pandemic. Throughout 2021, the widespread distribution of vaccines and reduction of restrictions boosted economic confidence and increased consumer spending, resulting in a strengthened existing retail tenant base and an increase in demand for space. The Company saw leasing momentum and foot traffic at our properties return to near pre-pandemic levels. 
 During 2022, microeconomic and macroeconomic conditions caused volatility in the financial markets and a rapid rise in inflation. The Federal Reserve has taken steps to mitigate the impact of inflation by raising its benchmark interest rate several times throughout the year. While the rate hikes enacted by the Federal Reserve have had a significant impact on interest rates and increased the cost of borrowing, we continue to see consumer confidence and a conviction in retail real estate. Tenant sales have increased year-over-year and the demand for retail spaces remains strong as evidenced by the record number of new leases we executed in 2022. The geographic location of our portfolio has also proven to be beneficial. With hybrid and remote work becoming more common, consumers have demonstrated that convenience and proximity are valued. The majority of our portfolio is located in one of the most supply-constrained and densely populated markets in the country and offers consumers easy access to essential services and retailers, including medical offices, grocers, and discounters. We expect to continue to add value to our portfolio through executing on our current leasing momentum, our active development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects, and commencement of leases signed but not yet opened. 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 Set forth below are highlights of our leasing activities, completed and activated development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects, and property acquisitions: 
 Signed a record 69 new leases totaling approximately 1,032,434 square feet, including 55 new leases on a same-space (1) basis totaling 754,812 square feet at an average rental rate of 23.15 per square foot on a GAAP basis and 
 27 

21.34 per square foot on a cash basis, resulting in average rent spreads of 45.1 on a GAAP basis and 22.2 on a cash basis; 
 Renewed or extended 90 leases totaling 1,086,469 square feet, all of which are on a same-space (1) basis, at an average rental rate of 20.36 per square foot on a GAAP basis and 20.10 per square foot on a cash basis, generating average rent spreads of 9.2 on a GAAP basis and 6.0 on a cash basis; 
 Completed ten development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects, aggregating 105.2 million, four of which stabilized during the fourth quarter. The retenanting of the former Century21 space at Bergen Town Center with Kohl s was completed in October 2022 and ShopRite at Huntington Commons commenced operations in December 2022. Additionally, the Company stabilized two small shops projects at our property in Kearny, NJ and the Shops at Bruckner in the Bronx, NY; 
 Activated 14 development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects aggregating 98.6 million, including Target at Bruckner Commons, Ralph s Grocer, Urology Hub and T.J. Maxx at The Outlets at Montehiedra, Bingo Wholesalers at Burnside Commons, and two industrial leases executed at our warehouse properties in East Hanover, NJ; 
 Acquired two properties for a total purchase price of 37.6 million inclusive of transaction costs, including the Shops at Riverwood acquired in June 2022. The property, located in Hyde Park, MA, sits on an eight acre site located just seven miles south of downtown Boston and is anchored by a grocer, Price Rite Marketplace, and has a strong array of national and regional tenants including Santander, Boston Medical Center, and Planet Fitness; and 
 Restated and amended the Company s revolving credit agreement, increasing the facility size by 200 million to 800 million and extending the maturity date to February 9, 2027, with two six-month extension options. 
 (1) Same-space leases represent those leases signed on spaces for which there was a previous lease. 

2023 Outlook 
 We intend to create value and grow earnings, funds from operations, and cash flows by: 
 Adding essential tenants to our properties and positioning our retail environments with quality grocers, premium healthcare operators and elevated food offerings; 
 Managing our balance sheet to allow for flexibility and execution on financing and refinancing opportunities when identified; 
 Leasing vacant spaces, proactively extending leases, managing the exercise of tenant options and, when possible, replacing underperforming tenants with operators that can pay higher rents and positively impact our properties; 
 Expediting the delivery of space to tenants and the collection of rents from executed leases that have not yet commenced; 
 Generating additional income from our existing assets by redeveloping underutilized existing space, developing new space and pad sites, repositioning anchors, and incorporating non-retail uses such as industrial, self-storage, office and other uses; and 
 Acquiring assets that meet our investment criteria. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to execute on our growth strategy, especially given the ongoing economic uncertainty. See Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, referred to as GAAP , requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses. These estimates are prepared using management s best judgment, after considering past and current events and economic conditions. In addition, certain information relied upon by management in preparing such estimates includes internally generated financial and operating information, external market information, when available, and when necessary, information obtained from consultations with third-party experts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A discussion of possible risks which may affect these estimates is included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management s judgment about matters that have a significant level of uncertainty at the time the 
 28 

accounting estimates are made, and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. 
 
 Revenue Recognition and Receivables - Estimating Collectibility 
 Rental revenue comprises revenue from fixed and variable lease payments, as designated within tenant operating leases . Components of this include contractual rents arising from tenant operating lease agreements, tenant expense reimbursements, and straight-line rental income. We evaluate the collectibility of amounts due from tenants and disputed enforceable charges on both a lease-by-lease and a portfolio-level basis, which result from the inability of tenants to make required payments under their operating lease agreements. We recognize changes in the collectibility assessment of these operating leases as adjustments to rental revenue in accordance with ASC 842 Leases which are recorded as rental revenue deemed uncollectible and are included within the line items Rental revenue on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 Management exercises judgement when evaluating the collectibility of these receivables and will look to both quantitative and qualitative factors. Such factors include tenants current credit status, either from third parties or using an internal risk assessment, payment history, amount of outstanding receivables, tenant sales performance, potential liquidity and current economic and sector specific trends. Changes in our assessments of collectibility are recognized as adjustments to rental revenue in accordance with ASC 842. 
 These assessments are inherently sensitive as they are based on the judgement of management and information available at the time of evaluation. We routinely reassess the quantitative and qualitative factors used to derive these estimates and believe the methods and assumptions noted above to be reasonable in evaluating collectibility. We have not had any changes to the methods or assumptions used to evaluate collectibility. Although we routinely reassess these estimates, taking into consideration all information available and future projections, they are subject to uncertainty and have a direct impact on our net income. Actual results may differ from these estimates and can have a material impact on our operating results. 
 
 Real Estate - Estimates Related to Valuing Acquired Assets and Liabilities 
 Upon the acquisition of real estate, we assess the fair value of acquired assets (including land, buildings and improvements, identified intangibles, such as acquired above and below-market leases, acquired in-place leases and tenant relationships) and acquired liabilities. We assess fair value based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. Based on these estimates, we allocate the purchase price to the applicable assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at date of acquisition. 
 In allocating the purchase price to identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above-market and below-market leases is estimated based on the present value of the difference between the contractual amounts, including fixed rate below-market renewal options, to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and our estimate of the market lease rates and other lease provisions for comparable leases measured over a period equal to the estimated remaining term of the lease. Tenant related intangibles and improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term, including any bargain renewal options. We amortize identified intangibles that have finite lives over the period they are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of the property or business acquired. We consider qualitative and quantitative factors in evaluating the likelihood of a tenant exercising a below market renewal option and include such renewal options in the calculation of in-place leases. If the value of below-market lease intangibles includes renewal option periods, we include such renewal periods in the amortization period utilized. If a lease terminates prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts relating to that lease are written off. 
 Since the assessment of fair value and allocation of these amounts is made at the time of acquisition, they are subject to future changes in market conditions and tenants ability to continue operations and their exercise of options and renewals. In the case that these assumptions change materially, they could have a material impact on our results and financial statements. During 2022, we acquired two properties and utilized the above factors, including the use of a third party, to allocate the purchase price of these properties among various assets and liabilities. Further information on these allocations can be found in Part II, Item 8, Note 4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have had no changes to our methods of fair value assessment and allocations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Real Estate - Estimates Related to Impairments 
 Our properties are individually evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the aggregate projected future cash flows over the anticipated holding period on an undiscounted basis taking into account the appropriate capitalization rate in determining a future terminal value. An impairment loss is measured based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value may be based on discounted future cash flows utilizing 
 29 

appropriate discount and capitalization rates and, in addition to available market information, third-party appraisals, broker selling estimates or sale agreements under negotiation. Impairment analyses are based on our current plans, intended holding periods and available market information at the time the analyses are prepared. If our estimates of the projected future cash flows change based on uncertain market conditions, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. The carrying value of a property may also be individually reassessed in the event a casualty occurs at that property. Casualty events may include property damage from a natural disaster or fire. When such an event occurs, management estimates the net book value of assets damaged over the property s total gross leasable area and adjusts the property s carrying value to reflect the damages. Estimates are subjective and may change if additional damage is later assessed or if future cash flows are revised. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have had no changes to the methods or assumptions used in our analyses of fair value of our real estate assets and have not incurred any material impairment losses. We operate in a business that has significant investments in real estate and our estimates of valuation are subject to current market conditions and tenant operations, which drive future cash flows, and are beyond our control. As these factors can result in changes to our estimates and result in material impairment losses, this is deemed a critical accounting estimate. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2020 and January 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2020-04 Reference Rate Reform (ASC 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , and ASU 2021-01 Reference Rate Reform (ASC 848): Scope which provides temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform in contracts and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 are effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, FASB issued ASU 2022-06 Reference Rate Reform (ASC 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which extended the final sunset date from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. There were no modifications to our existing debt agreements as a result of reference rate reform in the current year, however, we refinanced two loans in 2022 previously indexed to LIBOR, which are now indexed to SOFR and the Prime Rate. We plan to transition all variable rate loans currently indexed to LIBOR to SOFR, based on discussions with our lenders. 
 Any other recently issued accounting standards or pronouncements not disclosed above have been excluded as they are not relevant to the Company or the Operating Partnership, or they are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recent SEC Reporting Updates 
 On January 11, 2021, the SEC issued Final Rule Release No. 33-10890, Management s Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information. This rule, which became effective on February 10, 2021, adopts amendments to modernize, simplify and enhance certain financial disclosure requirements in Regulation S-K. Specifically, the amendments eliminate the requirement for Selected Financial Data, streamline the requirement to disclose Supplementary Financial Information, and amend Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ). We early adopted the amendments to two items resulting in the elimination of Item 301, Selected Financial Data, and the omission of Item 302(a), Supplementary Financial Information. The amendments to Item 303(a)(b) MD A were adopted in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 See Note 3 to the audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements that may affect us. Additionally, see Note 7 to the audited consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding recent amendments to the Internal Revenue Code. 

30 

Results of Operations 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from rents received from tenants under existing leases on each of our properties. This revenue includes fixed base rents, recoveries of expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants and percentage rents that are based on specified percentages of tenants revenue, in each case as provided in the respective leases. 
 Our primary cash expenditures consist of our property operating and capital costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest and debt expense. Property operating expenses include: real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, management expenses, insurance and utilities; general and administrative expenses, which include payroll, professional fees, information technology, office expenses and other administrative expenses; and interest and debt expense primarily consists of interest on our mortgage debt. In addition, we incur substantial non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization on our properties. We also capitalize certain expenses, such as taxes, interest and salaries related to properties under development or redevelopment until the property is ready for its intended use. 
 Our consolidated results of operations often are not comparable from period to period due to the impact of property acquisitions, dispositions, developments, redevelopments and changes in accounting policies. The results of operations of any acquired properties are included in our financial statements as of the date of acquisition. Our results of operations are affected by national, regional and local economic conditions, as well as macroeconomic conditions, which are at times subject to volatility and uncertainty. The current economic climate has increased volatility in the financial markets, which has resulted in a rise in already increasing inflation. Most of our leases require tenants to pay their share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation, although some larger tenants have capped the amount of these operating expenses they are responsible for under their lease. The Federal Reserve has taken measures to suppress inflation by way of benchmark interest rate hikes, resulting in an increase in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 91 of our outstanding debt is fixed rate, with the remaining 9 indexed to LIBOR, SOFR or the Prime Rate, plus an applicable margin per the loan agreement. We utilize interest rate derivative agreements to hedge the effect of rising interest rates on our variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were counter-party to one interest rate swap agreement and one interest rate cap agreement, both of which qualify for, and are designated as, hedging instruments. While we have not experienced any material adverse effects at this time, we are actively managing our business to respond to the ongoing economic and social impact from such events. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A for more information. 
 The following provides an overview of our key non-GAAP measures based on our consolidated results of operations (refer to NOI, same-property NOI and Funds From Operations applicable to diluted common shareholders FFO described later in this section): 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income 47,339 107,815 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders (1) 
 145,172 180,270 NOI (2) 
 240,898 223,811 Same-property NOI (2) 
 210,062 201,842 
 (1) Refer to page 35 for a reconciliation to the nearest generally accepted accounting principles GAAP measure. 
 (2) Refer to page 34 for a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure. 

31 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2021 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 47.3 million, compared to net income of 107.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table summarizes certain line items from our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income that we believe are important in understanding our operations and/or those items which significantly changed in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021: 
 For the year Ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Total revenue 397,938 425,082 (27,144) Depreciation and amortization 98,432 92,331 6,101 Real estate taxes 61,864 63,844 (1,980) Property operating expenses 74,334 68,531 5,803 General and administrative 43,087 39,152 3,935 Gain on sale of real estate 353 18,648 (18,295) Interest income 1,107 360 747 Interest and debt expense 58,979 57,938 1,041 Income tax expense 2,903 1,139 1,764 
 Total revenue decreased by 27.1 million to 397.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 425.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to: 
 47.5 million decrease in non-cash revenues driven by accelerated amortization of below-market intangible liabilities in connection with certain lease terminations in 2021; and 
 0.8 million decrease in management and development fee income; offset by 
 16.2 million increase as a result of property acquisitions net of dispositions; 
 3.2 million decrease in rental revenue deemed uncollectible; and 
 1.8 million net increase in property rentals and tenant reimbursements due to rent commencements, contractual rent increases and higher tenant sales. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 6.1 million to 98.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 92.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 9.7 million increase as a result of property acquisitions net of dispositions; offset by 
 3.6 million decrease due to assets taken out of service for active redevelopment projects and write-offs of fully depreciated assets and lease intangibles as a result of lease terminations and recurring depreciation. 
 Real estate tax expense decreased by 2.0 million to 61.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 63.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to: 
 2.4 million decrease as a result of successful tax appeals and lowered assessments; and 
 2.1 million of real estate taxes capitalized in connection with active development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects; offset by 
 2.5 million increase as a result of property acquisitions net of dispositions. 
 Property operating expenses increased by 5.8 million to 74.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 68.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 3.0 million higher common area maintenance expenses across the portfolio as a result of increased repairs and maintenance, utility usage, cleaning, and landscaping at our properties in 2022 and spend reductions in 2021; and 
 2.8 million increase as a result of property acquisitions net of dispositions. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 3.9 million to 43.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 39.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 2.5 million of executive transition costs including accelerated amortization of unvested equity awards recognized during 2022; and 
 1.4 million increase in professional fees, marketing, transaction and other expenses. 
 A gain on the sale of real estate of 0.4 million was recognized in 2022 in connection with the release of escrow funds related to a property disposed of in a prior period. We recognized a gain on sale of real estate of 18.6 million in 2021 related to the sale of three properties and one property parcel. 
 32 

Interest income increased by 0.7 million to 1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to an increase in interest rates on our cash deposits. 
 Interest and debt expense increased by 1.0 million to 59.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 57.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 4.3 million increase in interest expense in connection with the mortgage loans obtained for the acquisitions of Woodmore Towne Centre in December 2021 and The Shops at Riverwood in June 2022; and 
 3.1 million increase in interest expense due to higher rates on our variable rate loans and the refinancing of our mortgage loans at Plaza at Cherry Hill and Plaza at Woodbridge in the second quarter of 2022; offset by 
 6.4 million increase in capitalized interest expense due to an increase in active development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects. 
 Income tax expense increased by 1.8 million to 2.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to the performance of our properties in Puerto Rico and final adjustments to state and local income taxes in 2021. 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2020 
 Discussions of 2020 items and comparisons between the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that are not included in this Report can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use NOI internally to make investment and capital allocation decisions and to compare the unlevered performance of our properties to our peers. Further, we believe NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and disposition activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NOI is net income. NOI excludes certain components from net income in order to provide results that are more closely related to a property s results of operations. We calculate NOI by adjusting net income to add back depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expenses, casualty and real estate impairment losses, interest and debt expense, income tax expense and non-cash lease expense, and deduct management and development fee income from non-owned properties, gains on sale of real estate, interest income, non-cash rental income resulting from the straight-lining of rents and amortization of acquired below market leases net of above market leases. NOI should not be considered a substitute for net income and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 We calculate same-property NOI using net income as defined by GAAP reflecting only those income and expense items that are reflected in NOI (as described above) and excluding properties that were under development, redevelopment or that involve anchor repositioning where a substantial portion of the gross leasable area is taken out of service, and also excluding properties acquired or sold during the periods being compared. We also exclude for the following items in calculating same-property NOI: lease termination fees, bankruptcy settlement income, and income and expenses that we do not believe are representative of ongoing operating results, if any. As such, same-property NOI assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the development, redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of properties during the periods presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the operating performance of the Company s properties, which the Company believes to be useful to investors. Same-property NOI should not be considered a substitute for net income and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 Throughout this section, we have provided certain information on a same-property basis which includes the results of operations that were owned and operated for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared, which total 68 properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Information provided on a same-property basis excludes properties that were under development, redevelopment or that involve anchor repositioning where a substantial portion of the gross leasable area is taken out of service and also excludes properties acquired or sold during the periods being compared. While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, a property is removed from the same-property pool when a property is considered to be a redevelopment property because it is undergoing significant renovation or retenanting pursuant to a formal plan and is expected to have a significant impact on property operating income based on the retenanting that is occurring. A development or redevelopment property is moved back to the same-property pool once a substantial portion of the NOI growth expected from the development or redevelopment is reflected in both the current and comparable prior year period, generally one year after at least 80 of the expected NOI from the project is realized on a cash basis. Acquisitions are moved into the same-property pool once we have owned the property for the entirety of the comparable periods and the property is not under significant development or redevelopment. 
 33 

Same-property NOI increased by 8.2 million, or 4.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Same-property NOI, including properties in redevelopment, increased by 6.4 million, or 2.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The comparability of results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were impacted by the write-off and subsequent collection of rental revenues previously deemed uncollectible, as well as lease modifications executed in 2021. 
 The following table reconciles net income to NOI and same-property NOI for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income 47,339 107,815 Other expense (125) (561) Depreciation and amortization 98,432 92,331 General and administrative expense 43,087 39,152 Real estate impairment loss 468 Gain on sale of real estate (353) (18,648) Interest income (1,107) (360) Interest and debt expense 58,979 57,938 Income tax expense 2,903 1,139 Non-cash revenue and expenses (1) 
 (8,257) (55,463) NOI 240,898 223,811 Adjustments: Sunrise Mall net operating loss 2,544 3,031 Tenant bankruptcy settlement income and lease termination income (822) (1,313) Real estate tax settlements related to prior periods (2) 
 (1,441) Non-same property NOI and other (3) 
 (31,117) (23,687) Same-property NOI 210,062 201,842 Adjustments: NOI related to properties being redeveloped 19,054 20,915 Same-property NOI including properties in redevelopment 229,116 222,757 
 (1) Amount for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes accelerated amortization of 45.9 million of below-market intangible liabilities (classified within rental revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income). 
 (2) NOI for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 1.4 million of prior year real estate tax adjustments for the settlement of successful appeals. 
 (3) Non-same property NOI includes NOI related to properties being redeveloped and properties acquired or disposed in the period. 

34 

Funds From Operations 
 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 145.2 million compared to 180.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit definition. Nareit defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate and land when connected to the main business of a REIT, impairments on depreciable real estate or land related to a REIT's main business, earnings from consolidated partially owned entities, and rental property depreciation and amortization expense. We believe FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP financial measure useful in comparing our levered operating performance from period to period both internally and among our peers because this non-GAAP measure excludes net gains on sales of depreciable real estate, real estate impairment losses, rental property depreciation and amortization expense which implicitly assumes that the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time rather than fluctuating based on market conditions. We believe the presentation of comparable period operating results generated from FFO provides useful information to investors because the definition excludes items included in net income that do not relate to, or are not, indicative of our operating and financial performance, such as depreciation and amortization related to real estate, and items which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating and financial performance more difficult, such as gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate and land when connected to the main business of a REIT and impairments on depreciable real estate or land related to a REIT's main business. FFO does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, and is not indicative of cash flow as a measure of liquidity or our ability to make cash distributions. FFO may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 The following table reflects the reconciliation of net income to FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income 47,339 107,815 Less net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in: Operating partnership (1,895) (4,296) Consolidated subsidiaries 726 (833) Net income attributable to common shareholders 46,170 102,686 Adjustments: Rental property depreciation and amortization 97,460 91,468 Gain on sale of real estate (353) (18,648) Real estate impairment loss 468 Limited partnership interests in operating partnership (1) 
 1,895 4,296 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders 145,172 180,270 
 (1) Represents earnings allocated to Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP and Operating Partnership OP unitholders for unissued common shares, which have been excluded for purposes of calculating earnings per diluted share for the periods presented because they are anti-dilutive. 

35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Due to the nature of our business, the cash generated from operations is primarily paid to our shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership in the form of distributions. Our status as a REIT requires that we generally distribute at least 90 of our REIT s ordinary taxable income each year. Our Board of Trustees declared a quarterly dividend of 0.16 per common share and OP unit for each of the four quarters in 2022, or an annual rate of 0.64. Historically, we have paid regular cash dividends; however, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of distributions to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership fall within the discretion of our Board of Trustees. Our Board of Trustees decisions regarding the payment of dividends depend on many factors, such as maintaining our REIT status, our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, limitations under our financing arrangements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors. 
 Property rental income is our primary source of cash flow and is dependent on a number of factors, including our occupancy level and rental rates, as well as our tenants ability to pay rent. Our properties have historically prov ided us with a relatively consistent stream of cash flow that enables us to pay operating expenses, debt service and recurring capital expenditures. Other sources of liquidity to fund cash requirements include proceeds from financings, equity offerings and asset sales. Additionally, we have an 800 million revolving credit agreement with certain financial institutions which has a maturity date of February 9, 2027 and includes two six-month extension options. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on our revolving credit agreement. 
 Our short-term cash requirements consist of normal recurring operating expenses, lease obligations, regular debt service requirements, general and administrative expenses, expenditures related to leasing activity and distributions to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership. Our long-term capital requirements consist primarily of maturities under our long-term debt agreements, development and redevelopment costs and potential acquisitions. We have approximately 329 million of debt maturing within the next 12 months related to mortgage loans encumbering three of our properties and are actively exploring our options to refinance them. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, of 128.8 million and no amounts drawn on our 800 million revolving credit agreement. These amounts are readily available to fund the debt obligations discussed above which are coming due within the next year. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, was 128.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 219.8 million as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 91.1 million. 
 Our cash flow activities are summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 139,618 135,273 Net cash used in investing activities (151,913) (311,160) Net cash used in financing activities (78,767) (23,530) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities primarily consists of cash inflows from rental revenue and cash outflows for property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and interest and debt expense. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 4.3 million as compared to December 31, 2021, due to new lease commencements and collection of previously billed and deferred amounts from 2021. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities is impacted by the timing and extent of our real estate development, capital improvements, and acquisition and disposition activities during the period. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 159.2 million compared to December 31, 2021 due to a (i) 216.4 million decrease in cash used for acquisitions, offset by (ii) 36.5 million decrease in cash provided by the sale of properties and operating leases, and (iii) 20.7 million increase in cash used for real estate development and capital improvements. 
 The Company has 25 active development, redevelopment or anchor repositioning projects with total estimated costs of 216.0 million, of which 56.3 million has been incurred and 159.7 million remains to be funded as of December 31, 2022. 
 36 

The following summarizes capital expenditures presented on a cash basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands) 2022 2021 Capital expenditures: Development and redevelopment costs 77,360 76,750 Capital improvements 36,285 14,944 Tenant improvements and allowances 2,399 3,683 Total capital expenditures 116,044 95,377 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities is impacted by the timing and extent of issuances of debt and equity securities, distributions paid to common shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership as well as principal and other payments associated with our outstanding indebtedness. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 55.2 million from the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to (i) 80.2 million increase in debt repayments primarily related to the refinancing of the mortgage loans encumbering Plaza at Cherry Hill and Plaza at Woodbridge in 2022, (ii) 13.8 million decrease in proceeds from borrowings under mortgage loans, (iii) 7.3 million of deferred financing fees paid in 2022 in connection with the increase and extension of our line of credit under our revolving credit agreement and the refinancing of our loans at Plaza at Cherry Hill and Plaza at Woodbridge, and (iv) 4.6 million decrease in cash contributed by noncontrolling interests, offset by (v) 50.7 million decrease in distributions paid to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership for the declaration of a special dividend in the fourth quarter of 2020, paid in January 2021. 
 On June 23, 2022, in conjunction with the refinancing of the mortgage loan encumbering our property Plaza at Woodbridge, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement (the Cap Agreement with a third party to limit the maximum SOFR of our floating rate debt to 3 . On the date of the Cap Agreement, we elected to designate cash flow hedge accounting for this derivative instrument. Refer to Note 3 and Note 9 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information related to derivatives and hedging. 
 On August 9, 2022, we amended and restated our revolving credit agreement to, among other things, increase the available amount under the facility by 200 million to 800 million and extend the maturity date to February 9, 2027, with two six-month extension options. Borrowings under the credit facility may be used to finance pre-development costs, development costs, acquisitions, working capital, equity investments, debt investments, capital expenditures and repayment of indebtedness, to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the amended and restated revolving credit agreement and for other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts drawn on the facility. Refer to Note 6 in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information related to our revolving credit agreement. 
 On August 15, 2022, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with various sales agents, pursuant to which we may offer and sell common shares, par value 0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross sales price of up to 250 million (the ATM Program ). The ATM Program replaces the Company s previous at-the-market program established in June 2021. As of December 31, 2022 we have not issued any common shares under the ATM Program. Refer to Note 14 , Equity and Noncontrolling Interest, in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information related to this program. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have contractual obligations related to our mortgage loans that are both fixed and variable. Our variable rate loans bear interest at a floating rate based on LIBOR, SOFR and the Prime Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.5 to 2.26 . When LIBOR is discontinued, the interest rates of our LIBOR-indexed debt following such event will be based on either alternate base rates, such as SOFR, or agreed upon replacement rates. We do not anticipate that the discontinuation of LIBOR will impact our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings, but it could result in higher interest rates and accordingly, higher costs of borrowing to us. Further information on our mortgage loans can be found in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we have contractual obligations for certain properties that are subject to long-term ground and building leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land to us. We also have non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to office space from which we conduct our business. Below is a summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 37 

Commitments Due by Period (Amounts in thousands) Total Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years More than 5 years Contractual cash obligations Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 1,971,471 412,788 340,947 614,539 603,197 Operating lease obligations (2) 
 82,875 9,321 15,286 12,661 45,607 Finance lease obligations (2) 
 6,750 109 218 251 6,172 2,061,096 422,218 356,451 627,451 654,976 
 (1) Includes interest and principal payments. Interest on variable rate debt is computed using rates in effect as of December 31, 2022. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 (2) See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Additional contractual obligations that have been excluded from this table are as follows: 
 Obligations related to construction and development contracts, since amounts are not fixed or determinable. Such contracts will generally be due over the next two years; 
 Obligations related to maintenance contracts, since these contracts typically can be canceled upon 30 to 60 days notice without penalty; 
 Obligations related to employment contracts with certain executive officers, since all agreements are subject to cancellation by either the Company or the executive without cause upon notice; and 
 Recorded debt premiums or discounts that are not obligations. 
 We believe that cash flows from our current operations, cash on hand, our line of credit under our revolving credit agreement, the potential to refinance our loans and our general ability to access the capital markets will be sufficient to finance our operations and fund our obligations in both the short-term and long-term. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 Cybersecurity is an integral part of the Board of Trustees and the Audit Committee s risk analysis and discussions with management. As we see increased reliance on information technology in the workplace and our business operations, and a shift to remote and hybrid work schedules, Urban Edge has employed several measures to mitigate cyber risks. 
 In addition to a dedicated information technology and cybersecurity team monitoring our daily operations, the Company engages an independent third-party cybersecurity team for advisory services and penetration testing. We also have a Cyber Risk Committee which works in conjunction with the Computer Incident Response Team CIRT to develop strategies to mitigate risks and to address any cyber issues that may arise. The Cyber Risk Committee meets quarterly to review emerging threats, controls, and procedures. 
 We utilize a risk-based approach following the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF), and Microsoft best practices. Our policies and procedures are reviewed and updated annually by the Cyber Risk Committee and incorporate third-party assessments to benchmark ourselves against industry standards. The Company utilizes advanced endpoint protection, firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention, threat intelligence, security event logging and correlation, and backup and redundancy systems. The Company also has cybersecurity coverage incorporated in its insurance policies. 
 We apprise employees of emerging risks and require them to undergo quarterly security awareness trainings. Additionally, we conduct internal phishing and other exercises to gauge the effectiveness of the trainings and assess the need for additional training. 
 
 Termination of Management Agreements with Vornado 
 In connection with the Company s spin-off from Vornado Realty Trust Vornado in January 2015, the Company and Vornado entered into management agreements under which the Company provided management, development, leasing and other services to certain properties owned by Vornado and its affiliates, including Interstate Properties Interstate ), a partnership in which Steven Roth, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Vornado and a member of our Board of Trustees, is the managing general partner, and Alexander s, Inc., a company that Vornado owns a material interest in. Effective March 31, 2022, the Company and Vornado agreed to terminate these management agreements. 

38 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, which are sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. The following table discusses our exposure to hypothetical changes in market rates of interest on interest expense for our variable rate debt and fixed-rate debt. Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our debt. This analysis does not take into account all of the factors that may affect our debt, such as the effect that a changing interest rate environment could have on the overall level of economic activity or the action that our management might take to reduce our exposure to the change. This analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. Our exposure to a change in interest rates is summarized in the table below. As of December 31, 2022, our variable rate debt outstanding had rates indexed to LIBOR, SOFR, and the Prime Rate. 
 2022 2021 (Amounts in thousands) December 31, Balance Weighted Average Interest Rate Effect of 1 Change in Base Rates December 31, Balance Weighted Average Interest Rate Variable Rate 159,198 6.11 1,592 161,084 1.85 Fixed Rate 1,540,293 4.09 (2) 
 1,534,324 4.10 1,699,491 (1) 
 1,592 1,695,408 (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs of 7.8 million and 8.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) If the weighted average interest rate of our fixed rate debt increased by 1 (i.e. due to refinancing at higher rates), annualized interest expense would increase by approximately 15.4 million based on outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We may utilize various financial instruments to mitigate the impact of interest rate fluctuations on our cash flows and earnings, including hedging strategies, depending on our analysis of the interest rate environment and the costs and risks of such strategies. We do not enter into any financial instrument agreements, such as derivative agreements, for speculation or trading purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was a counterparty to two interest rate derivative agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
 On June 23, 2022, in connection with the refinancing of one of our variable rate loans, we entered into a one-year interest rate cap agreement for a purchase price of approximately 0.3 million. The cap agreement has an expiration date of July 1, 2023 and limits the maximum SOFR of the variable loan it is hedged with to 3 . This derivative instrument is assessed quarterly and as of December 31, 2022 meets the criteria of an effective hedge. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 The estimated fair value of our consolidated debt is calculated based on current market prices and discounted cash flows at the current rate at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the remaining term of such debt. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our consolidated debt was 1.5 billion. 
 
 Other Market Risks 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no material exposure to any other market risks (including foreign currency exchange risk or commodity price risk). 
 In making this determination and for purposes of the SEC s market risk disclosure requirements, we have estimated the fair value of our financial instruments at December 31, 2022 based on pertinent information available to management as of that date. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated amounts as of December 31, 2022, future estimates of fair value and the amounts which may be paid or realized in the future may differ significantly from amounts presented. 

39 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Page CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Urban Edge Properties (PCAOB ID No. 
 41 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Urban Edge Properties LP (PCAOB ID No. 
 43 
 Urban Edge Properties Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 45 
 Urban Edge Properties Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 46 
 Urban Edge Properties Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 47 
 Urban Edge Properties Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 48 
 Urban Edge Properties LP Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 50 
 Urban Edge Properties LP Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Urban Edge Properties LP Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 52 
 Urban Edge Properties LP Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 53 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 55 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 93 

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Urban Edge Properties 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Urban Edge Properties and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Real Estate Impairment Refer to Notes 3 and 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s real estate assets are individually evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company s evaluation of the recoverability of real estate assets involves the comparison of the projected undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by each real estate asset over the Company s estimated holding period to the respective carrying amount. The Company s undiscounted future cash flow analyses require management to make significant estimates, including estimated terminal values determined using appropriate capitalization rates. Total real estate assets as of December 31, 2022 had a net book value of 2.5 billion. 
 Given that the Company s estimated capitalization rates used in the evaluation of impairment of real estate assets is a significant assumption made by management, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s undiscounted future cash flow analyses required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

41 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s estimated capitalization rates used in the evaluation of impairment of real estate assets included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over management s evaluation of the recoverability of real estate, including internal controls over management s determination of the reasonableness of the applicable capitalization rates. 
 We inquired with management regarding their determination of the capitalization rates and evaluated the consistency of the capitalization rates used with evidence obtained in other areas of our audit. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s estimated capitalization rates by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the capitalization rates by evaluating the reasonableness of the capitalization rates used by management with independent market data, focusing on key factors, including geographical location, tenant composition, and property type. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates of capitalization rates and comparing those to the capitalization rates selected by management. 

/s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Partners of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Urban Edge Properties LP and subsidiaries (the "Operating Partnership") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Operating Partnership's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Real Estate Impairment Refer to Notes 3 and 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Operating Partnership's real estate assets are individually evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Operating Partnership's evaluation of the recoverability of real estate assets involves the comparison of the projected undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by each real estate asset over the Operating Partnership's estimated holding period to the respective carrying amount. The Operating Partnership's undiscounted future cash flow analyses require management to make significant estimates, including estimated terminal values determined using appropriate capitalization rates. Total real estate assets as of December 31, 2022 had a net book value of 2.5 billion. 
 Given that the Operating Partnership's estimated capitalization rates used in the evaluation of impairment of real estate assets is a significant assumption made by management, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s undiscounted future cash flow analyses required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

43 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Operating Partnership's estimated capitalization rates used in the evaluation of impairment of real estate assets included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership's internal controls over management s evaluation of the recoverability of real estate, including internal controls over management s determination of the reasonableness of the applicable capitalization rates. 
 We inquired with management regarding their determination of the capitalization rates and evaluated the consistency of the capitalization rates used with evidence obtained in other areas of our audit. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the Operating Partnership's estimated capitalization rates by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the capitalization rates by evaluating the reasonableness of the capitalization rates used by management with independent market data, focusing on key factors, including geographical location, tenant composition, and property type. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates of capitalization rates and comparing those to the capitalization rates selected by management. 

/s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2016. 

44 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Receivables arising from the straight-lining of rents Identified intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred leasing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgages payable, net Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Identified intangible liabilities, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 10 
 Shareholders equity: Common shares: par value; shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests: Operating partnership Consolidated subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 
 REVENUE Rental revenue Other income Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization Real estate taxes Property operating General and administrative Casualty and impairment loss Lease expense Total expenses Gain on sale of real estate Interest income Interest and debt expense ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income Less net (income) loss attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) ) ) Consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Earnings per common share - Basic: Earnings per common share - Diluted: Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Net Income Effective portion of change in fair value of derivatives Comprehensive income Less comprehensive income attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) Less net (income) loss attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) ) ) Consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) Common Shares Noncontrolling Interests NCI Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings Operating Partnership Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shares issued ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares ) ) Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) Common shares issued ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Other comprehensive income Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shares issued ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of real estate ) ) ) Amortization of below market leases, net ) ) ) Noncash lease expense Straight-lining of rent ) ) Share-based compensation expense Casualty and impairment loss Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) ) Prepaid and other assets ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Real estate development and capital improvements ) ) ) Acquisitions of real estate ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of operating properties Proceeds from sale of operating lease Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from borrowings Debt repayments ) ) ) Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Distributions paid to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Taxes withheld for vested restricted shares ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Purchase of interest rate cap ) Proceeds related to the issuance of common shares Contributions from noncontrolling interests Cash paid to repurchase shares ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 48 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash payments for interest net of amounts capitalized of , and , respectively 
 Cash payments for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated and impaired assets Forgiveness of mortgage debt 
 Assumption of debt from the acquisition of real estate 
 Dividend/distribution declared and paid in subsequent period RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Receivables arising from the straight-lining of rents Identified intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred leasing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgages payable, net Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Identified intangible liabilities, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 10 
 Equity: Partners capital: General partner: and units outstanding, respectively 
 Limited partners: and units outstanding, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total partners capital Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

50 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE Rental revenue Other income Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization Real estate taxes Property operating General and administrative Casualty and impairment loss Lease expense Total expenses Gain on sale of real estate Interest income Interest and debt expense ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income Less: net (income) loss attributable to NCI in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Net income attributable to unitholders Earnings per unit - Basic: Earnings per unit - Diluted: Weighted average units outstanding - Basic Weighted average units outstanding - Diluted Net Income Effective portion of change in fair value of derivatives Comprehensive income Less net loss (income) attributable to NCI in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to unitholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

51 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) 
 Total Shares General Partner Total Units Limited Partners (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings NCI in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income attributable to unitholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge ) Equity redemption of OP Units ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income attributable to unitholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge ) Equity redemption of OP Units ) ) ) Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income attributable to unitholders Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge ) Equity redemption of OP units ) Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 in the form of units of interest in the Operating Partnership OP Units and Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP units. 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of real estate ) ) ) Amortization of below market leases, net ) ) ) Noncash lease expense Straight-lining of rent ) ) Share-based compensation expense Casualty and impairment loss Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) ) Prepaid and other assets ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Real estate development and capital improvements ) ) ) Acquisitions of real estate ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of operating properties Proceeds from sale of operating lease Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from borrowings Debt repayments ) ) ) Distributions paid to partners ) ) ) Taxes withheld for vested restricted units ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Purchase of interest rate cap ) Proceeds related to the issuance of common shares Contributions from noncontrolling interests Cash paid to repurchase shares ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash payments for interest net of amounts capitalized of , and , respectively 
 Cash payments for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated and impaired assets Forgiveness of mortgage debt 
 Assumption of debt from the acquisition of real estate 
 Dividend/distribution declared and paid in subsequent period RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Restricted cash at end of year Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES AND URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management, Urban Edge s Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The third-party unitholders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity VIE ), and the Company is the primary beneficiary which consolidates it. The Company s only investment is the Operating Partnership. The VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE s obligations and the Company s partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of shopping centers, malls and industrial parks totaling approximately million sf, which is inclusive of a controlling interest in Walnut Creek, CA (Mt. Diablo), and an controlling interest in Sunrise Mall, in Massapequa, NY. 

2. 
 . 
 In accordance with ASC 205 Presentation of Financial Statements , certain prior year balances have been reclassified in order to conform to the current period presentation. 
 Our primary business is the ownership, management, redevelopment, development and operation of retail shopping centers and malls. We do not distinguish our primary business or group our operations on a geographical basis for purposes of measuring performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker reviews operating and financial information at the individual operating segment. W e aggregate all of our properties into reportable segment due to their similarities with regard to the nature and economics of the properties, tenants and operations, as well as long-term average financial performance. 

3. 
 and valuation of real estate. For more information on these estimates and policies refer to Part II, Item 7 Critical Accounting Estimates of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 years. 
 55 

amounts were drawn or outstanding under the revolving credit agreement as of December 31, 2022. Deferred financing costs associated with the revolving credit agreement are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the 
 56 

operating leases at our properties, which generate rental income from tenants and operating cash flows for the Company. Our tenant leases are dependent on the Company, as lessor, agreeing to provide our tenants with the right to control the use of our real estate assets, as lessees. Our real estate assets are comprised of retail shopping centers, malls and industrial parks. Tenants agree to use and control their agreed upon space for their business purposes. Thus, our tenants obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of our shopping center space and have the right to direct how and for what purpose the real estate space is used throughout the period of use. Given these contractual terms, the Company has determined that all tenant contracts of this nature contain a lease. The Company assesses lease classification for each new and modified lease. All new and modified leases which commenced in the year ended December 31, 2022 have been assessed and classified as operating leases. 
 Contractual rent increases of renewal options are often fixed at the time of the initial lease agreement which may result in tenants being able to exercise their renewal options at amounts that are less than the fair value of the rent at the date of renewal. In addition to fixed base rents, certain rental income derived from our tenant leases is variable and may be dependent on percentage rent or the Consumer Price Index ("CPI"). Variable lease payments from percentage rents are earned by the Company in the event the tenant's gross sales exceed certain amounts. Terms of percentage rent are agreed upon in the tenant's lease and will vary based on the tenant's sales. Variable lease payments dependent on the CPI, will change in accordance with the corresponding increase or decrease in CPI if negotiated and agreed upon in the tenant's lease. Variable lease payments dependent on percentage rent and the CPI were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Variable lease payments also arise from tenant expense reimbursements, which provide for the recovery of all or a portion of the operating expenses, common area maintenance expenses, real estate taxes, insurance and capital improvements of the respective property and amounted to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company accounts for variable lease payments as rental revenue on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income in the period in which the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur. 
 The Company also has properties in its portfolio either completely or partially on land or in a building that are owned by third parties. These properties are leased or subleased to us pursuant to ground leases, building leases or easements, with remaining terms ranging from two to years and provide us the right to operate each such property. We also lease or sublease real estate for our corporate offices with remaining terms of less than . Right-of-use ("ROU") assets are recorded for these leases, which represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from these leases. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term. The initial measurement of a ROU asset may differ from the initial measurement of the lease liability due to initial direct costs, prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. As of December 31, 2022, no other contracts have been identified as leases . Our leases often offer renewal options, which we assess against relevant economic factors to determine whether the Company is reasonably certain of exercising or not exercising the option. Lease payments associated with renewal periods, for which the Company has determined are reasonably certain of being exercised, are included in the measurement of the corresponding lease liability and ROU asset. 
 For finance leases and operating leases, the discount rate applied to measure each ROU asset and lease liability is based on the incremental borrowing rate of the lease due to the rate implicit in the lease not being readily determinable. The Company initially considers the general economic environment and factors in various financing and asset specific secured borrowings so that the overall incremental borrowing rate is appropriate to the intended use of the lease. Certain expenses derived from these 
 57 

entities that met the criteria of a VIE in which we held variable interests as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These entities are VIEs primarily because the noncontrolling interests do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights and we control the significant operating decisions and consequently have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these entities. As we also have the obligation to absorb the majority of the losses and/or the right to receive a majority of the benefits for these entities, they were consolidated in our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The majority of the operations of these VIEs are funded with cash flows generated by the properties and periodic cash contributions. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding the Operating Partnership, the consolidated VIEs had total assets of million and million, respectively and total liabilities of million and million, respectively. 

from the date of grant. The vesting schedule of each award is determined by the Compensation Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, at the date of grant of the award. Dividends are paid on certain shares of unvested restricted stock, which makes the restricted stock a participating security. 
 Fair value is determined, depending on the type of award, using either the Black-Scholes option-pricing model or the Monte Carlo method, both of which are intended to estimate the fair value of the awards at the grant date. In using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, expected volatilities and dividend yields are primarily based on available implied data and peer group companies historical data. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 Compensation expense for restricted share awards is based on the fair value of our common shares at the date of the grant and is recognized ratably over the vesting period. For grants with a graded vesting schedule or a cliff vesting schedule, we have 
 58 

None of our tenants accounted for more than 10 of total revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, The Home Depot, Inc. was our largest tenant with stores which comprised an aggregate of sf and accounted for approximately million, or of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 59 

60 

4. 
 June 8, 2022 The Shops at Riverwood Hyde Park MA 2022 Total August 10, 2021 601 Murray Road (3) 
 East Hanover NJ August 19, 2021 151 Ridgedale Avenue (3) 
 East Hanover NJ December 23, 2021 Woodmore Towne Centre Glenarden MD 2021 Total 
 (1) The total purchase price for the properties acquired in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include million and million, respectively, of transaction costs incurred related to the transactions. 
 (2) The outparcel is included with Sunrise Mall in our total property count. The Company has an controlling interest in the property with the remaining owned by others. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased assets, comprising sf, at an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 The sf outparcel acquired in February 2022, located at 40 Carmans Road, is adjacent to the entrance of our mall in Massapequa, NY. This acquisition supports the overall plans we currently have under way to redevelop Sunrise Mall. 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company closed on the acquisition of The Shops at Riverwood, a sf grocery-anchored shopping center located in Hyde Park, MA, for a purchase price of million, including transaction costs. The center is located in the greater Boston area and is anchored by a grocer and a strong array of national and regional tenants. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased assets with a total consideration of million. 
 The two industrial properties, acquired in August 2021, are adjacent to our existing 943,000 sf warehouse park in East Hanover, NJ. The acquisition of 151 Ridgedale Avenue was partially funded via a 1031 exchange using cash proceeds from previous dispositions. 
 In December 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition of Woodmore Towne Centre, a sf retail center located in Glenarden, MD, for a purchase price of million, including transaction costs. The property sits on acres and includes an additional acres of land adjacent to the main parcel that may be developed for a complementary commercial use in the future. 
 The Shops at Riverwood ) 2022 Total ) 601 Murray Road ) 151 Ridgedale Avenue ) Woodmore Towne Centre (2) 
 ) 2021 Total ) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the remaining weighted average amortization periods of the identified intangible assets and identified intangible liabilities acquired in 2022 were years and years, respectively and the remaining weighted average amortization periods of the identified intangible assets and identified intangible liabilities acquired in 2021 were years and years, respectively. 
 61 

Dispositions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, no dispositions were completed by the Company. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we disposed of properties and property parcel and received proceeds of million, net of selling costs, resulting in an million net gain on sale of real estate. Of these dispositions completed during the year ended December 31, 2021, two were completed as a 1031 exchange with the acquisition of 151 Ridgedale Avenue, allowing for the deferral of capital gains from the sale for income tax purposes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company also sold its lessee position in its ground lease at Vallejo, CA and received proceeds of million , net of selling costs, and derecognized the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability related to the lease. 

5. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Above-market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Other intangible assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Identified intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Below-market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Identified intangible liabilities, net of accumulated amortization 
 
 Amortization of acquired below-market leases, net of acquired above-market leases resulted in rental income of million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. On September 29, 2021, the Company entered into agreements to terminate certain leases, effective October 15, 2021. The modification of these leases resulted in accelerated amortization of the below-market intangible lease liabilities of million which is included in rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The intangibles related to these leases were fully amortized and subsequently written-off in 2021. 
 Amortization of acquired in-place leases and customer relationships resulted in depreciation and amortization expense of million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2021, we recognized million of accelerated amortization of the in-place lease intangibles related to the terminations of the leases noted above. 
 ) ) 2024 ) ) 2025 ) ) 2026 ) ) 2027 ) ) 
 
 62 

6. 
 Greenbrook Commons (1) 
 11/15/2024 Gun Hill Commons (1) 
 12/1/2024 Plaza at Cherry Hill (2) 
 6/15/2025 Plaza at Woodbridge (3) 
 6/8/2027 Total variable rate debt Fixed rate Bergen Town Center 4/8/2023 Shops at Bruckner 5/1/2023 Hudson Mall 12/1/2023 Yonkers Gateway Center 4/6/2024 Brick Commons 12/10/2024 West End Commons 12/10/2025 Las Catalinas Mall 2/1/2026 Town Brook Commons 12/1/2026 Rockaway River Commons 12/1/2026 Hanover Commons 12/10/2026 Tonnelle Commons 4/1/2027 Manchester Plaza 6/1/2027 Millburn Gateway Center 6/1/2027 Totowa Commons 12/1/2027 Woodbridge Commons 12/1/2027 Brunswick Commons 12/6/2027 Rutherford Commons 1/6/2028 Kingswood Center 2/6/2028 Hackensack Commons 3/1/2028 Marlton Commons 12/1/2028 East Hanover Warehouses 12/1/2028 Union (Vauxhall) 12/10/2028 The Shops at Riverwood 6/24/2029 Freeport Commons 12/10/2029 The Outlets at Montehiedra 6/1/2030 Montclair (4) 
 8/15/2030 Garfield Commons 12/1/2030 Woodmore Towne Centre 1/6/2032 Mount Kisco Commons 11/15/2034 Total fixed rate debt Total mortgages payable Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total mortgages payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (1) Bears interest at one month LIBOR plus bps. 
 (2) Bears interest at the Prime Rate plus bps with a minimum rate of . 
 (3) Bears interest at one month SOFR plus bps. The variable component of the debt is hedged with an interest rate cap agreement to limit SOFR to a maximum of . 
 (4) Bears interest at LIBOR plus bps. The fixed and variable components of the debt are hedged with an interest rate swap agreement, fixing the rate at , which expires at the maturity of the loan. 
 63 

billion as of December 31, 2022. Our mortgage loans contain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness on these properties and in certain circumstances require lender approval of tenant leases and/or yield maintenance upon repayment prior to maturity. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On January 15, 2015, we entered into a million Revolving Credit Agreement (the Agreement with certain financial institutions. On March 7, 2017, we amended and extended the Agreement. The amendment increased the credit facility size by million to million and extended the maturity date to March 7, 2021 with extension options. On July 29, 2019, we entered into a second amendment to the Agreement to extend the maturity date to January 29, 2024 with two six-month extension options. 
 On June 3, 2020, we entered into a third amendment to the Agreement, which among other things, modifies certain definitions and the measurement period for certain financial covenants to a trailing four-quarter period instead of the most recent quarter period annualized. 
 On August 9, 2022, we restated and amended the Agreement, in order to, among other things, increase the credit facility size by million to million and extend the maturity date to February 9, 2027, with two six-month extension options. Borrowings under the amended and restated Agreement are subject to interest at SOFR plus to and an annual facility fee of to basis points. Both the spread over SOFR and the facility fee are based on our current leverage ratio and are subject to change. The Agreement contains customary financial covenants including a maximum leverage ratio of and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of x. 
 amounts were drawn or outstanding under the Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, financing costs associated with executing the Agreement of million, are included in the prepaid expenses and other assets line item of the consolidated balance sheets, as deferred financing costs, net. 
 
 Mortgage on Plaza at Cherry Hill 
 On June 3, 2022, the Company refinanced the mortgage loan secured by its property, Plaza at Cherry Hill, located in Cherry Hill, NJ, with a new million, -year, floating rate mortgage. The floating rate is calculated as the Prime Rate plus basis points with a floor of and is interest-only for the entire loan term. 
 
 Mortgage on Plaza at Woodbridge 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company refinanced the mortgage loan secured by its property, Plaza at Woodbridge, located in Woodbridge, NJ, and entered into a new -year loan agreement for million. The terms of the loan require payment of interest at a floating rate equal to plus one-month SOFR. Additionally, the agreement with the lender requires the Company to enter into an interest rate cap agreement to limit the maximum SOFR to if the current rate is greater than 2 for five consecutive business days. On June 23, 2022, the Company purchased a one -year interest rate cap for 0.3 million which has been designated as a hedging instrument. 
 
 Mortgage on The Shops at Riverwood 
 On June 24, 2022, the Company obtained a -year non-recourse mortgage loan of million at a fixed interest rate of to partially fund the acquisition of The Shops at Riverwood. 

64 

million non-recourse mortgage loan on Las Catalinas Mall in Puerto Rico that cash flow would be insufficient to service the debt and that we were unwilling to fund the shortfalls. In December 2020, the non-recourse mortgage loan on Las Catalinas Mall was modified to convert the mortgage from an amortizing loan to interest only payments, starting at in 2021 and increasing basis points annually until returning to in 2024 and thereafter. The terms of the modification enable the Company, at its option, to repay the loan at a discounted value of million, beginning in August 2023 through the extended maturity date of February 2026. 
 While it is possible we will be able to repay the loan at the discounted value in the future, it is contingent upon certain factors including the future operating performance of the property as well as the ability to meet all required payments on the loan. Therefore, in accordance with ASC 470-60 Troubled Debt Restructurings , the Company did not recognize a gain at the time of the restructuring, as the future cash payments, including contingent payments, are greater than the carrying value of the mortgage payable. 
 We have accrued interest of million related to this mortgage, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. We incurred million of lender fees in connection with the loan modification which are treated as a reduction of the mortgage payable balance and amortized over the term of the loan in accordance with the provisions under ASC 470-60. 
 
 Mortgage on The Outlets at Montehiedra 
 In connection with the refinancing of the loan secured by The Outlets at Montehiedra in the second quarter of 2020, the Company provided a million limited corporate guarantee. The guarantee is reduced commensurate with the loan amortization schedule and will reduce to zero in approximately years. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining exposure under the guarantee is million. There was no separate liability recorded related to this guarantee. 

7. 
 , and per common share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The distributions comprised a regular quarterly cash dividend of and per common share declared for each quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company declared a regular cash dividend of per common share for the first quarter of 2020 and a special cash dividend of per common share in December 2020. The taxability of such dividends for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Dividend paid per share (1) 
 Ordinary income Return of capital Capital gains 
 (1) The special cash dividend of per common share declared in December 2020, and paid in January 2021, was fully allocable to the 2020 tax year. 
 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the REIT and other minority members are partners in the Operating Partnership. As such, the partners are required to report their share of taxable income on their respective tax returns. However, the Company maintains certain non-real estate operating activities that could not be performed by the REIT, and occur through the Company s TRS, which is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. These income taxes are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 65 

tax rate plus a graduated income surcharge tax for a maximum corporate income tax rate of . In addition, the REIT is subject to a branch profits tax on the earnings and profits generated from its allocable share of the Company s Puerto Rico operating activities and such tax is included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 As a result of The Outlets at Montehiedra mortgage refinancing and the Las Catalinas Mall troubled debt restructuring that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and implemented various tax planning strategies to limit its impact on the Company s overall U.S. federal taxable income. The strategies implemented resulted in the recognition of a state and local income tax liability and corresponding deferred tax asset for the REIT of million during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, based on the filing of the 2020 state and local income tax returns, this amount was reduced by million due to the final taxable amount being lower than what was originally estimated. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no state and local income tax was recognized as a result of the transactions. 
 A reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the evidence available, it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management s determination of the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the underlying temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022, with the exception of certain state and local deferred tax assets, management determined that it is more likely than not that all deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company recorded a valuation allowance against certain state and local deferred tax assets because management determined it is not more likely than not that these state and local deferred tax assets will be realized. There has been no change to the valuation allowance recorded against these state and local deferred tax assets during 2022. 
 We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 Income Taxes on the basis of a two-step process whereby (i) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority . 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, income before income taxes from the Company s operating activities in the United States was million and million, respectively, and in Puerto Rico was million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Puerto Rico income tax expense was million, as compared to a Puerto Rico income tax expense of million and a REIT state and local income tax benefit of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax effect of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of taxable assets and liabilities and for the tax effect of carried forward tax attributes such as net operating losses and tax credits. 
 
 U.S. state and local income tax ) Puerto Rico income tax Total current ) Deferred: U.S. federal income tax ) Puerto Rico income tax ) Total deferred ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 

66 

REIT income before income taxes not subject to federal tax provision ) ) ) State and local income tax provision, net of federal benefit Puerto Rico income tax provision ) Change in valuation allowance ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 (1) Federal statutory tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Rental revenue deemed uncollectible Charitable contribution Net operating loss Valuation allowance ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Mortgage liability ) ) Straight line rent ) ) Amortization of acquired leases ) ) Accrued interest expense ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 

8. 
 operating leases at our retail shopping centers, malls and industrial properties which generate rental income from tenants and operating cash flows for the Company. Our tenant base comprises a diverse group of merchants including department stores, supermarkets, discounters, entertainment offerings, health clubs, DIY stores, in-line specialty shops, restaurants and other food and beverage vendors and service providers. Tenant leases under sf generally have lease terms of years or less. Tenant leases sf or more are considered anchor leases and generally have lease terms of to years, with one or more renewal options available upon expiration of the initial lease term. Contractual rent increases for the renewal options are often fixed at the time of the initial lease agreement which may result in tenants being able to exercise their renewal options at amounts that are less than the fair value of the rent at the date of renewal. 

67 

Variable lease revenue Total rental revenue 
 
 Property, plant and equipment under operating leases as lessor 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , substantially all of the Company s real estate assets are subject to operating leases. 
 
 Maturity analysis of lease payments as lessor 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows 

Leases as lessee 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had properties in its portfolio either completely or partially on land or in a building owned by third parties. These properties are leased or subleased to us pursuant to ground leases, building leases or easements, with remaining terms ranging from two to years and provide us the right to operate the property. We also lease or sublease real estate for our corporate offices with remaining terms of less than . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reassessed the lease term of one of its ground leases due to our election to renew the ground lease and remeasured the lease liability by using revised inputs as of the reassessment date of the respective lease. As a result of the reassessment, the Company recorded an additional million of operating lease ROU asset and corresponding lease liability related to the ground lease. 
 On December 31, 2020, the Company recognized million of operating lease ROU assets and million of corresponding operating lease liabilities in connection with the Company s acquisition of Sunrise Mall, which included the acquisition of the lessee positions of ground leases. 
 
 Variable lease cost Total lease expense 
 (1) During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company recognized sublease income of million, million and million, respectively, included in rental revenue on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income in relation to certain ground and building lease arrangements. Operating lease cost includes amortization of below-market ground lease intangibles and straight-line lease expense. 

68 

years years years years Weighted-average discount rates 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance lease Financing cash flows from finance lease Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases 
 
 Maturity analysis of lease payments as lessee 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Present value discount ) ) Discounted cash flows 

9. 
 
 69 

(1) Included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 There were no financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 When we designate a derivative as a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the instrument will be recognized in OCI until the gains or losses are reclassified to earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was a counterparty to two interest rate derivative agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
 On June 23, 2022, in conjunction with the refinancing of the mortgage loan encumbering our property Plaza at Woodbridge, we entered into an interest rate cap agreement (the Cap Agreement with a third party to limit the maximum SOFR of our floating rate debt to 3 . On the date of the Cap Agreement, we elected to designate cash flow hedge accounting for this derivative instrument. 
 
 The table below summarizes the effect of our derivative instruments on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Unrealized Gain Recognized in OCI on Derivatives (Amounts in thousands) Years ended December 31, Hedged Instrument 2022 2021 Plaza at Woodbridge interest rate cap 370 Montclair interest rate swap 286 Total 656 
 
 Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 There were no financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value 
 Financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets include cash and cash equivalents and mortgages payable. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The fair value of mortgages payable is calculated based on current market prices and discounted cash flows at the current rate at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the remaining term of such debt, which is provided by a third-party specialist. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 1 and the fair value of mortgages payable is classified as Level 2. 
 
 (1) Carrying amounts exclude unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

70 

retail properties that the Company was actively marketing. The Company recognized an impairment charge of million on its property in Westfield, NJ which was sold on July 22, 2021. Additionally, the Company recognized an impairment charge of million on its ground lease in Vallejo, CA which was sold on December 21, 2021. Prior to these dispositions, the carrying value of these assets exceeded the estimated fair value less costs to sell. The aggregated fair values of million were based on sale agreements under negotiation with third-party buyers. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized an impairment charge of million on a parcel of our property in Lodi, NJ, which was sold on January 8, 2021 . Prior to the sale of the parcel, the carrying value of this property exceeded its estimated fair value less costs to sell of million . The fair value of the parcel was based on a sale agreement under negotiation with a third-party buyer. 
 The Company believes the inputs utilized to measure these fair values were reasonable in the context of applicable market conditions, however due to the significance of the unobservable inputs in the overall fair value measures, including market conditions and expectations for growth, the Company determined that such fair value measurements are classified as Level 3. 
 Aggregate impairment charges of million and million, respectively, are included as an expense within casualty and impairment loss on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

10. 
 active development, redevelopment or anchor repositioning projects with total estimated costs of million, of which million remains to be funded as of December 31, 2022. We continue to monitor the stabilization dates of these projects, which can be impacted from economic conditions affecting our tenants, vendors and supply chains. We have identified future projects in our development pipeline, but we are under no obligation to execute and fund any of these projects and each of these projects is being further evaluated based on market conditions. 
 
 Insurance 
 The Company maintains numerous insurance policies including for general liability, property, pollution, acts of terrorism, trustees and officers , cyber, workers compensation and automobile-related liabilities. However, all such policies are subject to terms, conditions, exclusions, deductibles and sub-limits, amount other limiting factors. For example, the Company s terrorism insurance excludes coverage for nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism events as defined by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act. 
 The Company s primary and excess insurance policies providing coverage for pollution related losses have an aggregate limit of million and provide remediation and business interruption coverage for pollution incidents, which pursuant to our policies expressly include the presence and dispersal of viruses. On December 23, 2020, the Company initiated litigation in New Jersey state court, Bergen County, under these policies to recover uncollected rents and other amounts resulting from the COVID-19 virus. 
 Insurance premiums are typically charged directly to each of the properties but not all of the cost of such premiums are recovered. The Company is responsible for deductibles, losses in excess of insurance coverage, and the portion of premiums not reimbursable by tenants at our properties, which could be material. 
 71 

million and million on our as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for remediation costs for environmental contamination at certain properties. While this accrual reflects our best estimates of the potential costs of remediation at these properties, there can be no assurance that the actual costs will not exceed these amounts. Although we are not aware of any other material environmental contamination, there can be no assurance that the identification of new areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, the discovery of additional sites, or changes in cleanup requirements would not result in significant costs to us. 
 
 Bankruptcies 
 Although our rental revenue is supported by long-term leases, leases may be rejected in a bankruptcy proceeding and the related tenant stores may permanently vacate prior to lease expiration. In the event a tenant with a significant number of leases or square footage in our shopping centers files for bankruptcy and rejects its leases with us, we could experience a reduction in our revenues. We monitor the operating performance and rent collections of all tenants in our shopping centers, especially those tenants in arrears or operating retail formats that are experiencing significant changes in competition, business practice, or store closings in other locations. As of December 31, 2022, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies. On January 17, 2023, Party City filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The Company has three leases with Party City comprising approximately 35,000 sf, which generate 1.1 million in annual rental revenue. One of these leases, which generates 0.4 million in annual rental revenue, is a franchise and is not impacted by the bankruptcy filing. Additionally, according to public reports, Bed Bath Beyond is at risk of filing for bankruptcy and has seven leases with us, including wholly-owned store concepts buybuy Baby and Harmon Face Values. These leases generate 4.6 million in annual rental revenue. At this time we have not experienced any material adverse effects from either tenant but may in the future. 

11. 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Finance lease right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses: Real estate taxes Insurance Rent, licenses/fees Total Prepaid expenses and other assets 

72 

12. 
 Deferred tenant revenue Accrued interest payable Accrued payroll expenses Security deposits Other liabilities and accrued expenses Finance lease liability Total accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Amortization of deferred financing costs Total Interest and debt expense 

14. 
 
 million of the Company s common shares. Under the program, the Company may repurchase its shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-18. The amount and timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of the Company s shares, trading volume and general market conditions. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 73 

shares were repurchased by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased million common shares at a weighted average share price of , for a total of million. All share repurchases by the Company were completed between March and April of 2020. There is approximately 145.9 million remaining for share repurchases under this program. 
 
 Units of the Operating Partnership 
 The Operating Partnership s capital includes general and common limited partnership interests in the operating partnership. As of December 31, 2022, Urban Edge owned approximately of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management, Urban Edge s Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The third-party unitholders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a VIE, and the Company is the primary beneficiary which consolidates it. The Company s only investment is the Operating Partnership. The VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE s obligations and the Company s partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company declared distributions on our common shares and OP units of and per share/unit, respectively. This comprised regular quarterly dividends of and 0.15 per common share and OP unit declared for each quarter in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company declared distributions on our common shares and OP units of per share/unit in the aggregate, which comprised a regular quarterly dividend of 0.22 per common share and OP unit declared for the first quarter of 2020 and a special cash dividend of per common share and OP unit declared in December 2020 and paid on January 19, 2021. As a result of COVID-19 and the uncertainties it generated, the Company temporarily suspended quarterly dividend distributions for the second and third quarters of 2020. 
 We have a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the DRIP ), whereby shareholders may use their dividends to purchase shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and shares were issued under the DRIP, respectively. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Partnership 
 Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership reflected on the consolidated balance sheets of the Company are comprised of OP units and limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership in the form of LTIP unit awards. LTIP unit awards were granted to certain executives pursuant to our 2015 Omnibus Share Plan (the Omnibus Share Plan and our 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (the Inducement Plan ). OP units were issued to contributors in exchange for their property interests in connection with the Company s property acquisitions in 2017. 
 The total of the OP units and LTIP units represent a weighted-average interest in the Operating Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2022. Holders of outstanding vested LTIP units may, from and after from the date of issuance, redeem their LTIP units for cash, or for the Company s common shares on a -for-one basis, solely at our election. Holders of outstanding OP units may redeem their units for cash or the Company s common shares on a -for-one basis, solely at our election. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and units, respectively, were redeemed for an equivalent amount of common shares of the Company. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 interest held by others in our property in Walnut Creek, CA (Mount Diablo) and held by others in our property in Massapequa, NY. T 

15. 
 of our common shares or share equivalents. Pursuant to the Omnibus Share Plan, stock options, LTIP units, operating partnership units and restricted shares were granted. 

74 

million. 
 On February 22, 2018, the Company established the 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2018 LTI Plan under the Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP units that vest based on the passage of time and performance goals tied to our relative and absolute TSR. Equity awards granted under the 2018 LTI Plan are weighted, in terms of grant date and fair value, performance-based and time-based. The fair value of the 2018 LTI Plan on the date of grant was million 
 On April 4, 2019, the Company established the 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2019 LTI Plan under the Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP units that vest based on the passage of time (one-third of the program) and performance goals tied to our relative and absolute TSR during the three-year performance period following their grant (two-thirds of the program). The fair value of the 2019 LTI Plan on the date of grant was 6.3 million. 
 In the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we recognized million, million and million, respectively, of compensation expense related to the 2017 OPP, 2018 LTI Plan and 2019 LTI Plan. The compensation expense incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020, included million related to the 2015 OPP Plan which expired in February 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was less than million unrecognized compensation cost related to the 2018 LTI Plan. 
 
 2018 Inducement Equity Plan 
 On September 26, 2018, the Company established an equity incentive plan to induce certain executives to join the Company (the Inducement Plan ). Under the Inducement Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Trustees may grant, subject to any Company performance conditions as specified by the Compensation Committee, awards to individuals who were not previously employees as an inducement material to the individual s entry into employment with the Company. The terms and conditions of the Inducement Plan and any awards thereunder granted are substantially similar to those under the 2015 Omnibus Share Plan. The Company has granted an aggregate of restricted LTIP Units and stock options under the Inducement Plan with grant date fair values of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding unvested LTIP units or stock options related to this plan. 
 
 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 On February 20, 2020, the Company established the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 LTI Plan under the Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP units that vest based on the passage of time (one-third of the program) and performance goals tied to our relative and absolute TSR during the performance period following their grant (two-thirds of the program). The total grant date fair value under the 2020 LTI Plan was million comprising performance-based and time-based awards. 
 
 Performance-based awards 
 For the performance-based awards under the 2020 LTI Plan, participants, have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP Units if Urban Edge s absolute and/or relative TSR meets certain criteria over the three-year Performance Period beginning on February 20, 2020 and ending on February 19, 2023. The Company granted performance-based awards under the 2020 LTI Plan that represent LTIP Units. The fair value of the performance-based award portion of the 2020 LTI Plan on the date of grant was million using a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value through a risk-neutral premise. Assumptions include historical volatility (21.4 ), risk-free interest rates (1.4 ), and historical daily return as compared to certain peer companies. 
 Under the Absolute TSR component, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to , of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to , and of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to or greater than . The Relative TSR component is based on the Company s performance compared to a peer group comprised of companies. Under the Relative TSR Component, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to the th percentile of the peer group, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the 
 75 

th percentile of the peer group, and of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to or above the th percentile of the peer group, with earning determined using linear interpolation if in between such relative and absolute TSR thresholds. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, we recognized million, million, and million of compensation expense related to the performance-based awards under the 2020 LTI Plan. 
 
 Time-based awards 
 The time-based awards granted under the 2020 LTI Plan, also granted in the form of LTIP Units, vest ratably over except in the case of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, where the vesting is ratably over . The Company granted time-based awards under the 2020 LTI Plan that represent LTIP units with a grant date fair value of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we recognized million, million, and million of compensation expense related to the time-based awards under the 2020 LTI Plan. 
 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company established the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2021 LTI Plan under the Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP units that vest based on the passage of time (one-half of the program) and performance goals tied to our relative and absolute TSR during the three-year Performance Period following their grant (one-half of the program). The total grant date fair value under the 2021 LTI Plan was million, comprising both performance-based and time-based awards. 
 
 Performance-based awards 
 For the performance-based awards under the 2021 LTI Plan, participants have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP Units if Urban Edge s absolute and/or relative TSR meets certain criteria over the three-year Performance Period beginning on February 10, 2021 and ending on February 9, 2024. The Company granted performance-based awards under the 2021 LTI Plan that represent LTIP Units. The fair value of the performance-based award portion of the 2021 LTI Plan on the date of grant was million using a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value through a risk-neutral premise. Assumptions include historical volatility (49.9 ), risk-free interest rates (0.2 ), and historical daily return as compared to certain peer companies. 
 Under the Absolute TSR component, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to , of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to , and of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to or greater than . The Relative TSR component is based on the Company s performance compared to a peer group comprised of companies. Under the Relative TSR Component, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to the th percentile of the peer group, of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to the th percentile of the peer group, and of the LTIP Units will be earned if the Company s TSR over the Performance Period is equal to or above the th percentile of the peer group, with earning determined using linear interpolation if in between such relative and absolute TSR thresholds. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we recognized million and million of compensation expense related to the performance-based awards under the 2021 LTI Plan. 
 
 Time-based awards 
 The time-based awards granted under the 2021 LTI Plan, also granted in the form of LTIP Units, vest ratably over three years except in the case of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, where the vesting is ratably over four years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company granted time-based awards under the 2021 LTI Plan that represent LTIP units with a grant date fair value of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we recognized million and million of compensation expense related to the time-based awards under the 2021 LTI Plan. 
 
 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 On February 11, 2022, the Company established the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022 LTI Plan under the Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, receive awards in the form of LTIP Units that, with respect to one half of the program, vest based solely on the passage of time, and with respect to the other half of the program, are earned and vest if certain relative and absolute TSR and/or FFO growth targets are achieved by the Company over a three-year performance period. The total grant date fair value under the 2022 LTI Plan was 8.6 million comprising both performance-based and time-based awards as described further below: 
 76 

77 

July 1, 2021 LTIP May 5, 2021 DSU May 5, 2021 LTIP May 6, 2020 DSU May 6, 2020 LTIP 
 
 Shares Under Option 
 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 3,930,762 shares under options with a weighted average exercise price per share of 23.19. options were granted or exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining average contractual term of shares under options was 3.47 years. There are 3,898,628 shares under options exercisable with a weighted average price per share of 23.22 with no intrinsic value as of December 31, 2022. 
 Restricted Shares 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture and vest over periods ranging from one to three years. The total grant date value of the restricted shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 
 Restricted Units 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, there were , , and LTIP units issued. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , , and , units vested, respectively. There were no restricted units converted to common shares during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, restricted units were converted to common shares. As of December 31, 2022 the remaining units vest over a weighted average period of approximately . 

78 

Performance-based LTI expense (2) 
 Stock option expense Restricted share expense DSU expense Total Share-based compensation expense 
 (1) LTIP expense includes the time-based portion of the 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 LTI Plans. 
 (2) Performance-based LTI expense includes the 2017 OPP plan and the performance-based portion of the 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 LTI Plans. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested and restricted share-based payment arrangements including unvested stock options, LTIP units, deferred share units, and restricted share awards which were granted under our Omnibus Share Plan as well as OPP awards. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 

16. 
 shares that potentially could be exercised for common shares. During the year ended December 31, 2020 there were options outstanding for 4,930,762 shares that potentially could be exercised for common shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no options were included in the diluted EPS calculation as their exercise prices were higher than the average market prices of our common shares. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 there were unvested restricted shares outstanding that potentially could become unrestricted common shares. The computation of diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included , , and weighted average unvested restricted shares outstanding, respectively, as their effect is dilutive. 
 The effect of the redemption of OP and vested LTIP units is not reflected in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share, as they are redeemable for common shares on a one-for-one basis. The income allocable to such units is allocated on this same basis and reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As such, the assumed redemption of these units would have no net impact on the determination of diluted earnings per share since they would be anti-dilutive. 

79 

Less: Earnings allocated to unvested participating securities ) ) ) Net income available for common shareholders - basic Impact of assumed conversions: OP and LTIP units Net income available for common shareholders - dilutive Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Restricted share awards Assumed conversion of OP and LTIP units Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per share available to common shareholders: Earnings per common share - Basic Earnings per common share - Diluted 

Operating Partnership Earnings per Unit 
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per unit: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Amounts in thousands, except per unit amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Numerator: Net income attributable to unitholders Less: net income attributable to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available for unitholders Denominator: Weighted average units outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities issued by Urban Edge Unvested LTIP units Weighted average units outstanding - diluted Earnings per unit available to unitholders: Earnings per unit - Basic Earnings per unit - Diluted 
 
 80 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Controls and Procedures (Urban Edge Properties) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Urban Edge Properties and subsidiaries (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s Board of Trustees, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting, which requires the use of certain estimates and judgments, and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and fraud. In designing and evaluating our control system, management recognized that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, that may affect our operation have been or will be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management s override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions that cannot be anticipated at the present time, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 
 81 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Controls and Procedures (Urban Edge Properties LP) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Operating Partnership s management maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 The Operating Partnership s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Operating Partnership s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Operating Partnership, defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Operating Partnership s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Board of Trustees, management and other personnel of the Operating Partnership s general partner, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting, which requires the use of certain estimates and judgments, and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and trustees of the Operating Partnership s general partner; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 The Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and fraud. In designing and evaluating our control system, management recognized that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control 
 82 

objectives. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, that may affect our operation have been or will be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management s override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions that cannot be anticipated at the present time, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 The Operating Partnership s management assessed the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Operating Partnership s management used the criteria set forth by the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 83 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Urban Edge Properties 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Urban Edge Properties and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 84 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Partners of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Urban Edge Properties LP and subsidiaries (the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Operating Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Operating Partnership and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Operating Partnership's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 14, 2023 

85 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to Urban Edge Properties 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to Urban Edge Properties 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 86 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information, as of December 31, 2022, relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to which our common shares or other equity securities may be granted from time to time. 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,791,691 (1) 
 19.53 3,977,934 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 170,628 (4) 
 N/A N/A Total 2,962,319 19.53 3,977,934 
 (1) Includes an aggregate of (i) 32,134 common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding unvested options (excluding 2,907,129 common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding vested options) and (ii) 2,759,557 common shares issuable in exchange for common units which may, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, be issuable pursuant to outstanding LTIP Units in our Operating Partnership LTIP Units ). The LTIP Units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 include 1,087,613 LTIP Units issued pursuant to our 2020 LTI Plan, 2021 LTI Plan, and 2022 LTI Plan which remain subject to performance-based vesting criteria. 
 (2) The LTIP Units do not have an exercise price. Accordingly, these awards are not included in the weighted-average exercise price calculation. 
 (3) Includes (i) 1,873,435 common shares remaining available for issuance under the Urban Edge Properties 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and (ii) 2,104,499 common shares remaining available under the Urban Edge Properties 2015 Employee Share Purchase Plan ESPP ). The number of common shares remaining available for issuance under the Plan is based on awards being granted as "Full Value Awards," as defined in the Plan, including awards such as restricted stock, LTIP units or performance units that do not require the payment of an exercise price. If we were to grant awards other than Full Value Awards," as defined in the Plan, including stock options or stock appreciation rights, the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the Plan would be 3,746,869. Pursuant to the terms of the ESPP, on each January 1 prior to the tenth anniversary of the ESPP s effective date, an additional number of common shares will be added to the maximum number of shares authorized for issuance under the ESPP equal to the lesser of (a) 0.1 of the total number of common shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and (b) 150,000 common shares; provided that the Compensation Committee of our Board of Trustees may act prior to January 1 of any calendar year to provide that there will be no increase in the share reserve for that calendar year, or that the increase in the share reserve for that calendar year shall be less than the increase that would otherwise occur. 
 (4) Relates to the Urban Edge Properties 2018 Inducement Equity Plan, which is an omnibus equity plan pursuant to which we may grant a variety of equity awards pursuant to the employment inducement award exemption provided by Section 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual, including options, share appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares and other share-based awards including LTIP Units. A total of 170,628 common shares are authorized to be issued under the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan. The 2018 Inducement Equity Plan has a ten-year term expiring on September 20, 2028 and generally may be amended at any time by our Board of Trustees. Included in the 170,628 common shares authorized to be issued under the 2018 Inducement Equity Plan are an aggregate of (i) 170,628 common shares issuable in exchange for common units which may, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, be issuable pursuant to outstanding LTIP Units in our Operating Partnership LTIP Units (excluding 1,000,000 common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding vested options). 
 Additional information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to Urban Edge Properties 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to Urban Edge Properties 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to Urban Edge Properties 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 87 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, together with the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page 40 . 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Our financial statement schedules are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page 93 . 
 (3) Exhibits 
 A list of exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth on the Index to Exhibits commencing on page 89 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) See Index to Exhibits 
 (c) Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not applicable or the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 
 88 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and among Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., Urban Edge Properties and Urban Edge Properties LP, dated as of January 14, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed January 21, 2015) 
 3.1 
 Declaration of Trust of Urban Edge Properties, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed January 21, 2015) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Urban Edge Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed March 2 , 202 2 
 4.1 
 Description of Urban Edge Properties Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10.1 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of Urban Edge Properties LP, dated as of January 14, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 21, 2015) 
 10. 2 
 Fi rst Amended and R estated Revolving Credit Agreement, by and amo n g Urban Edge Properties LP, as Borrower, the Banks par ty thereto, and Wells Far go Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, dated as of August 9, 2022 (incorporate d by reference to Exhi bit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022 
 10 .3 
 Tax Protection Agreement dated as of May 24, 2017, by and among Urban Edge Properties LP; Urban Edge Properties; and Acklinis Yonkers Realty, L.L.C., Acklinis Realty Holding, LLC, Acklinis Original Building, L.L.C., A R Woodbridge Shopping Center, L.L.C., A R Millburn Associates, L.P., Ackrik Associates, L.P., A R Manchester, LLC, A R Westfield Lincoln Plaza, LLC and A R Westfield Broad Street, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2017) 
 10. 4 
 Contribution Agreement dated as of April 7, 2017, by and among Urban Edge Properties LP; Urban Edge Properties; and Acklinis Yonkers Realty, L.L.C., Acklinis Realty Holding, LLC, Acklinis Original Building, L.L.C., A R Woodbridge Shopping Center, L.L.C., A R Millburn Associates, L.P., Ackrik Associates, L.P., A R Manchester, LLC, A R Westfield Lincoln Plaza, LLC and A R Westfield Broad Street, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2017) 
 10. 5 
 Loan Agreement between VNO Bergen Mall Owner LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated March 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed November 13, 2014) 
 10. 6 
 Urban Edge Properties 2015 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-8 filed February 17, 2015) 
 10. 7 
 Urban Edge Properties 2015 Omnibus Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed January 21, 2015) 
 10. 8 
 Urban Edge Properties 2018 Inducement Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form S-8 filed September 26, 2018) 
 10. 9 
 Employment Agreement between Urban Edge Properties and Jeffrey S. Olson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed August 9, 2019) 
 10.1 0 
 Retention Agreement between Urban Edge Properties and Mark Langer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 24, 2019) 
 10.1 1 
 Employment Agreement between Urban Edge Properties and Jeffrey Mooallem (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2022) 
 10.1 2 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Urban Edge Properties and each of its trustees and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K/A filed on March 23, 2015) 
 10.1 3 
 Urban Edge Properties Executive Severance and Change in Control Pla n (incorporated by refe rence to Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K filed on February 16, 20 22 
 10.14 
 Separation Agreement between Urban Edge Properties and Chris Weilminster 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Urban Edge Properties 
 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Urban Edge Properties LP 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 89 

31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.4 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 
 Filed herewith 
 In accordance with Item 601 (b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 
 90 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES (Registrant) /s/ Mark Langer Mark Langer, Chief Financial Officer Date: February 14, 2023 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP By: Urban Edge Properties, General Partner /s/ Mark Langer Mark Langer, Chief Financial Officer Date: February 14, 2023 

91 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Urban Edge Properties in its own capacity and in its capacity as the sole general partner of Urban Edge Properties LP, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date By: /s/ Jeffrey S. Olson Chairman of the Board of Trustees February 14, 2023 
 Jeffrey S. Olson and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Mark J. Langer Chief Financial Officer February 14, 2023 
 Mark J. Langer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Andrea R. Drazin Chief Accounting Officer February 14, 2023 
 Andrea R. Drazin (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Mary L. Baglivo Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Mary L. Baglivo By: /s/ Steven H. Grapstein Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Steven H. Grapstein By: /s/ Steven J. Guttman Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Steven J. Guttman By: /s/ Norman K. Jenkins Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Norman K. Jenkins By: /s/ Kevin P. O Shea Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Kevin P. O Shea By: /s/ Steven Roth Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Steven Roth By: /s/ Katherine M. Sandstrom Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Katherine M. Sandstrom By: /s/ Douglas W. Sesler Trustee February 14, 2023 
 Douglas W. Sesler 
 92 

) 1968 1968 Bensalem, PA ) 1972/ 1999 1972 Bergen Town Center - East, Paramus, NJ ) 1957/ 2009 2003/ 2019 Bergen Town Center - West, Paramus, NJ ) 1957/ 2009 2003/ 2020 Brick, NJ ) 1968 1968 Bronx (Bruckner Boulevard), NY ) ) N/A 2007 Bronx (Shops at Bruckner), NY ) N/A 2017 Bronx (1750-1780 Gun Hill Road), NY ) 2009 2005 Brooklyn (Kingswood Center), NY ) ) N/A 2020 Brooklyn (Kingswood Crossing), NY ) N/A 2020 Broomall, PA ) 1966 1966 Buffalo (Amherst), NY ) 1968 1968 Cambridge (leased through 2033) (3) , MA 
 ) N/A 2007 Carlstadt (leased through 2050) (3) , NJ 
 ) N/A 2007 Charleston (leased through 2063) (3) , SC 
 ) N/A 2006 Cherry Hill (Plaza at Cherry Hill), NJ ) ) N/A 2017 Dewitt (leased through 2041) (3) , NY 
 ) N/A 2006 Rockaway, NJ ) 1964 1964 East Brunswick, NJ ) 1957/ 1972 1957/ 1972 East Hanover (200 - 240 Route 10 West), NJ ) 1962 1962/ 1998 East Rutherford, NJ ) 2007 2007 Freeport (Meadowbrook Commons) (leased through 2040) (3) , NY 
 ) N/A 2005 Freeport (Freeport Commons), NY ) 1981 1981 Garfield, NJ ) 2009 1998 Glenarden, MD (Woodmore Towne Centre) ) N/A 2021 Glenolden, PA ) 1975 1975 Hackensack, NJ ) 1963 1963 Hazlet, NJ ) ) N/A 2007 
 93 

) N/A 2007 Hyde Park (Shops at Riverwood), MA 21,466 10,867 19,441 7 10,867 19,448 30,315 (341) N/A 2022 Inwood, NY ) ) N/A 2004 Jersey City (Hudson Commons), NJ ) 1965 1965 Jersey City (Hudson Mall), NJ ) N/A 2017 Kearny, NJ ) 1938 1959 Lancaster, PA ) 1966 1966 Las Catalinas, Puerto Rico ) 1996 2002 Lodi (Washington Street), NJ ) ) N/A 2004 Manalapan, NJ ) 1971 1971 Manchester, MO ) ) N/A 2017 Marlton, NJ ) 1973 1973 Massapequa, (portion leased through 2069) (3)(4) , NY 
 ) N/A 2020 Middletown, NJ ) 1963 1963 Millburn, NJ ) ) N/A 2017 Montclair, NJ ) 1972 1972 Montehiedra, Puerto Rico ) 1996/ 2015 1997 Morris Plains, NJ ) 1961 1985 Mount Kisco, NY ) N/A 2007 New Hyde Park (leased through 2029) (3) , NY 
 ) 1970 1976 Newington, CT ) 1965 1965 Norfolk (leased through 2069) (3) , VA 
 ) N/A 2005 North Bergen (Kennedy Boulevard), NJ ) 1993 1959 North Bergen (Tonnelle Avenue), NJ ) 2009 2006 North Plainfield, NJ ) 1955 1989 Paramus (leased through 2033) (3) , NJ 
 ) 1957/ 2009 2003 Queens, NY ) N/A 2015 Rochester (Henrietta) (leased through 2056) (3) , NY 
 ) 1971 1971 Rockville, MD ) N/A 2005 Revere (Wonderland), MA ) N/A 2019 Salem (leased through 2102) (3) , NH 
 ) ) N/A 2006 South Plainfield (leased through 2039) (3) , NJ 
 ) N/A 2007 Springfield (leased through 2025) (3) , PA 
 ) N/A 2005 Staten Island, NY ) N/A 2004 
 94 

) 1957/ 1999 1957 Union (2445 Springfield Avenue), NJ ) N/A 2007 Union (Route 22 and Morris Avenue), NJ ) 1962 1962 Walnut Creek (1149 South Main Street), CA ) ) N/A 2006 Walnut Creek (Mt. Diablo), CA ) N/A 2007 Watchung, NJ ) 1994 1959 Wheaton (leased through 2060) (3) , MD 
 ) N/A 2006 Wilkes-Barre (461 - 499 Mundy Street), PA ) ) N/A 2007 Woodbridge (Woodbridge Commons), NJ ) 1959 1959 Woodbridge (Plaza at Woodbridge), NJ ) N/A 2017 Wyomissing (leased through 2065) (3) , PA 
 ) N/A 2005 Yonkers, NY ) N/A 2017 INDUSTRIAL: East Hanover, NJ ) 1972 1972 / 2021 Lodi (Route 17 North), NJ ) 1999 1975 TOTAL UE PROPERTIES ) Leasehold Improvements, Equipment and Other ) TOTAL ) 
 (1) Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over lives ranging from one to . 
 (2) Adjusted tax basis for federal income tax purposes was billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The Company is a lessee under a ground or building lease. The building will revert to the lessor upon lease expiration. 
 (4) The increase in initial cost to the Company is due to the acquisitions of 40 Carmans Road. 
 
 95 

Additions during the period: Land Buildings improvements Construction in progress Less: Impairments, assets sold, written-off or reclassified as held for sale ) ) ) Balance at end of period Accumulated Depreciation Balance at beginning of period Additions charged to operating expenses Less: Accumulated depreciation on assets sold, written-off or reclassified as held for sale ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 96 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41-descriptionofurb.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of Securities 
 
 The following is a summary of the material terms of the common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Shares ), of Urban Edge Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company ), as well as certain relevant provisions of the amended and restated declaration of trust (the Declaration of Trust and amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws of the Company, the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL and the Maryland REIT Law. A more complete description is available by referring to the full text of the Declaration of Trust, the Bylaws and the MGCL. The Company s Declaration of Trust authorizes 500,000,000 Common Shares and 200,000,000 preferred shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Shares ). 
 
 Dividend, Voting and Other Rights of Holders of Common Shares 
 The holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends if, when and as authorized by the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Board and declared by the Company out of assets legally available to pay dividends, if receipt of the dividends is in compliance with the provisions in the Declaration of Trust restricting the ownership and transfer of shares and the preferential rights of any other class or series of shares. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of shares of beneficial interest, holders of Common Shares will be entitled to one vote for each Common Share on all matters on which shareholders are entitled to vote, including elections of trustees. There is no cumulative voting in the election of trustees, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares can elect all of the trustees then standing for election. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present is sufficient to approve any matter, other than the election of trustees (see Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws - The Board of Trustees below), on which shareholders are entitled to vote, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or by the Declaration of Trust. 
 Generally, the holders of Common Shares will not have any conversion, sinking fund, redemption, appraisal or preemptive rights to subscribe to any securities of the Company. If the Company is dissolved, liquidated or wound up, subject to the preferential rights of any Preferred Shares outstanding, holders of Common Shares will be entitled to share proportionally in any assets remaining after the Company satisfies (i) the prior rights of creditors, including holders of indebtedness of the Company, and (ii) the aggregate liquidation preference of any Preferred Shares then outstanding. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares, Common Shares will have equal dividend, distribution, liquidation and other rights and will have no preference or exchange rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of Common Shares will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any class or series of Preferred Shares that the Company may designate and issue in the future. 
 The transfer agent for the Common Shares is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York. 
 
 Listing 

The Common Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UE . 
 
 Power to Increase Authorized Shares and Issue Additional Shares 
 The Board has the authority, without shareholder approval, to amend the Declaration of Trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series that the Company has authority to issue, to issue additional authorized but unissued Common Shares or Preferred Shares and to classify or reclassify unissued Common Shares or Preferred Shares and thereafter to issue such classified or reclassified shares. These actions may be taken without shareholder approval, unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law, the terms of any other class or series of shares or the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the securities of the Company may be listed or traded. The Board could authorize the Company to issue additional classes or series of Common Shares or Preferred Shares that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the Company, even if such transaction or change of control involves a premium price for the shareholders of the Company or shareholders believe that such transaction or change of control may be in their best interests. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer of Shares 
 
 The Beneficial Ownership Limit 
 For the Company to maintain its qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), not more than 50 of the value of its outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of a taxable year and the shares of beneficial interest must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year (except, in each case, with respect to the first taxable year for which an election to be taxed as a REIT is made). The Code defines individuals to include some entities for purposes of the preceding sentence. All references to a shareholder s ownership of Common Shares in this The Beneficial Ownership Limit section assume application of the applicable attribution rules of the Code under which, for example, a shareholder is deemed to own shares owned by his or her spouse. 
 The Declaration of Trust contains several provisions restricting the ownership and transfer of shares of the Company that are designed to satisfy the REIT provisions of the Code. These provisions may also deter non-negotiated acquisitions of, and proxy contests for, control of the Company by third parties. The Declaration of Trust contains a limitation that restricts, with some exceptions, shareholders from owning more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any class or series. This percentage is referred to as the beneficial ownership limit . 
 Shareholders should be aware that events other than a purchase or other transfer of shares may result in ownership, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, of shares of the Company in excess of the beneficial ownership limit. For instance, if two shareholders, each of whom owns 6 of the outstanding Common Shares, were to marry, then after their marriage both shareholders would be deemed to own 12 of the outstanding Common Shares, which is in excess of the beneficial ownership limit. Similarly, if a shareholder who is treated as owning 6 of the outstanding Common Shares purchased a 50 interest in a corporation which owns 10 of the outstanding Common Shares, then the shareholder would be deemed to own 11 of the outstanding Common Shares immediately after such purchase. 
 
 Closely Held and General Restriction on Ownership 

In addition, shares of beneficial interest may not be transferred if, as a result, more than 50 in value of outstanding shares would be owned by five or fewer individuals or if such transfer would otherwise cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The Constructive Ownership Limit 
 Under the Code, rental income received by a REIT from persons in which the REIT is treated, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, as owning a 10 or greater interest does not constitute qualifying income for purposes of the income requirements that REITs must satisfy. For these purposes, a REIT is treated as owning any shares owned, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, by a person that owns 10 or more of the value of the outstanding shares of the REIT. The attribution rules of the Code applicable for these purposes are different from those applicable with respect to the beneficial ownership limit. All references to a shareholder s ownership of shares of the Company in this The Constructive Ownership Limit section assume application of the applicable attribution rules of the Code. 
 In order to ensure that rental income of the Company will not be treated as nonqualifying income under the rule described in the preceding paragraph, and thus to ensure that the Company will not inadvertently lose its REIT status as a result of the ownership of shares by a tenant or a person that holds an interest in a tenant, the Declaration of Trust restricts, with some exceptions, shareholders from owning, directly or indirectly, more than 9.8 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of any class or series. The 9.8 ownership limit is referred to as the constructive ownership limit . 
 Shareholders should be aware that events other than a purchase or other transfer of shares may result in ownership, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, of shares in excess of the constructive ownership limit. As the attribution rules that apply with respect to the constructive ownership limit differ from those that apply with respect to the beneficial ownership limit, the events other than a purchase or other transfer of shares which may result in share ownership in excess of the constructive ownership limit may differ from those which may result in share ownership in excess of the beneficial ownership limit. 
 
 Automatic Transfer to a Trust If the Ownership Limits Are Violated 
 The Declaration of Trust provides that a purported or attempted transfer of shares of any class or series that would otherwise result in ownership, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, of shares in excess of the beneficial ownership limit or the constructive ownership limit, would cause the shares to be beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, would result in the Company being closely held (within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code) or would otherwise cause the Company to fail to qualify as a REIT will be void and the purported transferee will acquire no rights or economic interest in such shares. In addition, the Declaration of Trust provides that, if the provisions causing a transfer to be void do not prevent a violation of the restrictions mentioned in the preceding sentence, the shares that would otherwise be owned, under the applicable attribution rules of the Code, in excess of the beneficial ownership limit or the constructive ownership limit will be automatically transferred to one or more trusts (each, a charitable trust for the benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, appointed by us, effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the relevant purported or attempted transfer. 
 Shares held in a charitable trust will be issued and outstanding shares. Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the purported or attempted transferee will have no rights in the shares held in a charitable trust and will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in the charitable trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and will have no right to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the charitable trust. Instead, the Declaration of Trust provides that the trustee of the charitable trust 

will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to Common Shares held in the charitable trust, to be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Under the Declaration of Trust, any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Company that the Common Shares have been transferred to the charitable trust shall be paid by the holder of such dividend or other distribution to the trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the trustee. Subject to Maryland law, the trustee of the charitable trust has the authority (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a purported transferee prior to the discovery by the Company that the shares have been transferred to the charitable trust and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the instructions of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if the Company has already taken irreversible trust action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Under the Declaration of Trust, within 20 days of receiving notice from the Company that the shares have been transferred to the charitable trust, the trustee of the charitable trust is required to sell the shares held in the charitable trust to a person or persons, designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer noted above. Upon such sale, the Declaration of Trust provides that the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold terminates and the trustee of the charitable trust is required to distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the purported transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows the purported transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the purported transferee for the shares or, if the purported transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the charitable trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the market price (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the charitable trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the charitable trust. The trustee of the charitable trust may reduce the amount payable to the purported transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions which have been paid to the purported transferee and are owed by the purported transferee to the charitable trust, as described above. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the purported transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Company that Common Shares have been transferred to the charitable trust, such shares are sold by a purported transferee, then (1) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the charitable trust and (2) to the extent that the purported transferee received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such purported transferee would have been entitled to receive if such shares had been sold by the charitable trust, such excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 The Declaration of Trust provides that any shares transferred to the charitable trust are deemed to have been offered for sale to the Company, or its designee. The price at which the Company, or its designee, may purchase the shares transferred to the charitable trust will be equal to the lesser of (i) the price paid by the purported transferee for the shares or, if the purported transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the charitable trust e.g. , in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the market price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the charitable trust and (ii) the market price of the shares on the date that the Company, or its designee, accepts the offer. Upon a sale to the Company, the interest of the beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the purported transferee. 
 The Company may reduce the amount payable to the purported transferee by the amount of dividends and other distributions that have been paid to the purported transferee and are owed by the purported transferee to the charitable trust, as described above. The right of the Company to accept the offer described above exists for as long as the charitable trust has not otherwise sold the shares held in the charitable trust. 

In addition, if the Board determines that a transfer or other event has occurred that would violate the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares described above, the Board may take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such transfer, including, but not limited to, causing the Company to redeem shares, refusing to give effect to the transfer on the books of the Company or instituting proceedings to enjoin the transfer. 
 
 Other Provisions Concerning the Restrictions on Ownership 
 The Board, in its sole discretion, may prospectively or retroactively exempt persons from the beneficial ownership limit and the constructive ownership limit and increase or decrease the beneficial ownership limit and constructive ownership limit for one or more persons if, in each case, the Board obtains such representations, covenants and undertakings as the Board may deem appropriate in order to conclude that such exemption or modification will not cause the Company to lose its status as a REIT. In addition, the Board may require such opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements or a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the status of the Company as a REIT, and any such exemption or modification may be subject to such conditions or restrictions as the Board may impose. 
 The foregoing restrictions on transfer and ownership will not apply if the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Company to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT or that compliance with any of the foregoing restrictions is no longer required for REIT qualification. 
 All persons who own, directly or by virtue of the applicable attribution rules of the Code, more than 1.0 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of outstanding shares of any class or series must give a written notice to the Company containing the information specified in the Declaration of Trust by January 31 of each year. In addition, each shareholder will be required to disclose to the Company upon demand any information that the Company may request, in good faith, to determine the status of the Company as a REIT or to comply with Treasury regulations promulgated under the REIT provisions of the Code. 
 The ownership restrictions described above may have the effect of precluding acquisition of control of the Company unless the Board determines that maintenance of REIT status is no longer in the best interests of the Company or that compliance with any of the foregoing restrictions is no longer required for REIT qualification. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 
 The Board of Trustees 
 The Declaration of Trust and Bylaws provide that the number of trustees of the Company may be established, increased or decreased only by a majority of the entire Board but may not be less than the number required by the Maryland REIT Law, which is currently one, nor, unless the Bylaws are amended, more than 15 provided further, that the tenure of office of a trustee will not be affected by any decrease in the number of trustees. The Declaration of Trust and Bylaws also provide that, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of shares, any vacancy may be filled only by a majority of the remaining trustees in office, even if the remaining trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any trustee elected to fill a vacancy will hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 Each of the Company s trustees is elected by the Company s shareholders to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. There is no 

cumulative voting in the election of trustees. Consequently, at each annual meeting of shareholders, the holders of a majority of Common Shares will be able to elect all of the trustees standing for election. Under the Bylaws, a majority of all the votes cast with respect to a trustee s election at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a trustee, unless the election is contested, in which case a plurality of the votes cast will be sufficient. 
 
 Removal of Trustees 
 The Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Shares to elect or remove one or more trustees, a trustee may be removed at any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the holders of the shares outstanding and entitled to be cast in the election of trustees. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of the Board to fill vacancies on the Board, precludes shareholders from removing incumbent trustees except for cause and upon a substantial affirmative vote and thereafter filling the vacancies created by the removal with their own nominees. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the Maryland Business Combination Act (the MBCA ), a business combination between a Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder or an affiliate of an interested shareholder is prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. A business combination includes a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the MBCA, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested shareholder is defined as 
 a person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the real estate investment trust s outstanding voting shares after the date on which the trust had 100 or more beneficial owners of its shares or 
 an affiliate or associate of the real estate investment trust who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, and after the date on which the trust had 100 or more beneficial owners of its shares, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting shares of the real estate investment trust. 
 A person is not an interested shareholder under the MBCA if the board of trustees approved in advance the transaction which otherwise would have resulted in the person becoming an interested shareholder. In approving a transaction, the board of trustees may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of trustees. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder generally must be recommended by the board of trustees of the real estate investment trust and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares of the real estate investment trust and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares of the real estate investment trust other than shares held by the interested shareholder who will or whose affiliate will be a party to the business combination or by an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder, voting together as a single group. 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the consideration to be received by the real estate investment trust s holders of any class or series of outstanding shares in the business combination receive 

a minimum price, as defined under the MBCA, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its shares of the same class or series. 
 The MBCA permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of trustees before the time that the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. The Board has adopted a resolution exempting any business combinations between the Company and any other person or entity from the MBCA. As a result, any other person or entity may be able to enter into business combinations with the Company that may not be in the best interest of shareholders without compliance with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. 
 The Bylaws provide that this resolution may only be revoked, altered or amended, and the Board may only adopt any resolution inconsistent with such resolution, with the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. There can be no assurance that the Board will not recommend to shareholders that they alter or repeal this resolution in the future. However, an alteration or repeal of the resolution described above will not have any effect on any business combinations that have been consummated or upon any agreements existing at the time of such modification or repeal. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act (the MCSAA provides that control shares of a Maryland real estate investment trust acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to any control shares except to the extent approved at a special meeting of shareholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of such shares in the election of trustees (i) a person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition (ii) an officer of the trust or (iii) an employee of the trust who is also a trustee of the trust. 
 Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other shares owned by the acquiring person or in respect of which the acquiring person is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiring person to exercise voting power in electing trustees within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third, 
 one-third or more but less than a majority, or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares that the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained shareholder approval or shares acquired directly from the real estate investment trust. A control share acquisition means the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of ownership of, or the power to direct the exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of trustees of the real estate investment trust to call a special meeting of shareholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the real estate investment trust may itself present the question at any shareholders meeting. 

If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the MCSAA, then the real estate investment trust may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the real estate investment trust to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting and the acquiring person becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other shareholders may exercise appraisal rights, unless these specific appraisal rights are eliminated under the charter or bylaws. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of these appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiring person in the control share acquisition. 
 The MCSAA does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the real estate investment trust is a party to the transaction, or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the declaration of trust or bylaws of the real estate investment trust. 
 The Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the MCSAA any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of the Company. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Appraisal Rights 
 Under the Maryland REIT Law, a shareholder of a Maryland REIT who objects to a merger or conversion is entitled to the same rights as an objecting stockholder of a Maryland corporation under the MGCL. The MGCL provides that stockholders may exercise appraisal rights unless appraisal rights are eliminated under a company s charter. The Declaration of Trust generally eliminates all appraisal rights of shareholders provided under the Maryland REIT Law and the MGCL, unless the Board determines that such rights apply. 
 
 Approval of Extraordinary Trust Action Amendment of Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 Under the Maryland REIT Law, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally is not entitled to amend its declaration of trust or merge with or convert into another entity, unless the action is declared advisable and submitted to shareholders by resolution of its board of trustees, and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. However, a Maryland real estate investment trust may provide in its declaration of trust for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Except for certain amendments described in the Declaration of Trust that require only approval by the Board, and for amendments to the provision in the Declaration of Trust relating to the removal of trustees and the vote required to amend such provision, which require a vote of two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, the Declaration of Trust provides for approval of any of these matters and for the approval of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or our termination by the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matters. 
 The Bylaws provide that the Board has the power to adopt new bylaws and to alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, shareholders may alter or repeal any provision of the Bylaws and adopt new bylaw provisions with approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except that shareholders do not have the power to alter or repeal Article XII of the Bylaws, which provides for indemnification of trustees and officers, or 

Article XV of the Bylaws, which relates to the amendment of the Bylaws, or to adopt any bylaws inconsistent with the foregoing Bylaws, in either case, without the approval of the Board. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 The Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on the behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any trustees or officers or other employees to the Company or to the shareholders of the Company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its trustees or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Maryland REIT Law or the Declaration of Trust or Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its trustees or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine will be the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division. 
 
 Advance Notice of Trustee Nominations and New Business 
 The Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by shareholders may be made only (i) pursuant to notice of the meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by a shareholder who is a shareholder of record both at the time of giving the advance notice required by the Bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the Bylaws. With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in the notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only (i) by or at the direction of the Board, or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with the Bylaws for the purpose of electing trustees, by a shareholder who is a shareholder of record both at the time of giving the advance notice required by the Bylaws and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. 
 
 Proxy Access 
 The Bylaws include provisions permitting, subject to certain eligibility, procedural and disclosure requirements, qualifying shareholders, or a qualifying group of no more than 20 shareholders, who have owned 3 or more of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of beneficial interest continuously for at least the prior three years to require the Company to include in its proxy materials for an annual meeting of shareholders a number of trustee nominees not to exceed the greater of two or 20 of the number of trustees in office as of the last day on which a notice requesting the inclusion of trustee nominees in the Company s proxy materials may be timely delivered. To be timely, any proxy access notice must be delivered not earlier than 150 days nor later than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting of shareholders (with adjustments if the date for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the anniversary date of the prior year s annual meeting). 
 These advance notice and proxy access procedures may impede shareholders ability to bring matters before a meeting of shareholders or make nominations for trustees at a meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland real estate investment trust with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and at least three 

independent trustees to elect to be subject, by provision in its declaration of trust or bylaws or a resolution of its board of trustees and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the declaration of trust or bylaws, to any or all of the following five provisions 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a trustee 
 a requirement that the number of trustees be fixed only by vote of the trustees 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies or 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a shareholder-requested special meeting of shareholders. 
 The Declaration of Trust provides that, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of shares, the Company elects to be subject to the provisions of Subtitle 8 relating to the filling of vacancies on the Board. Through provisions in the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, (i) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of trustees is required to remove any trustee from the Board, which removal will be allowed only for cause, (ii) the exclusive power to fix the number of trusteeships, subject to limitations set forth in the Bylaws, is vested in the Board, and (iii) shareholders are not entitled to call special meetings of shareholders. 
 
 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 The business combination provisions (if the Board opts to make them applicable to us), other elections under Subtitle 8, the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law (if the applicable provision in the Bylaws is rescinded), the provisions of the Declaration of Trust on removal of trustees, the restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, the power to issue additional common shares or preferred shares and the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium price for holders of Common Shares or otherwise be in their best interests. 
 
 Shareholder Meetings 
 The Bylaws provide that annual meetings of shareholders may only be held each year at a date, time and place set by the Board. The Board may determine, in its sole discretion, that any meeting of shareholders (including an annual meeting) will not be held at any place but instead will be held solely by means of remote communication. Special meetings of shareholders may only be called by the chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the Board. Only matters set forth in the notice of a special meeting of shareholders may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting. 
 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 Under the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of shareholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if (i) a unanimous consent setting forth the action is given in writing or by electronic transmission by all shareholders entitled to vote on the matter and filed with the minutes of proceedings of shareholders or (ii) the action is advised and submitted to the shareholders for approval by the Board, and a consent in writing or by electronic transmission is given by shareholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting of shareholders. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Trustees and Officers 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision limiting or eliminating the liability of its current and former trustees and officers to the real estate investment trust and its shareholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (i) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property or services actually received or (ii) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. The Declaration of Trust includes such a provision eliminating such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 The Declaration of Trust and Bylaws obligate the Company, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and to pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding, without requiring a preliminary determination of the trustee s or officer s ultimate entitlement to indemnification, to (i) any present or former trustee or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity, or (ii) any individual who, while serving as trustee or officer of the Company and at the request of the Company, serves or has served as a director, trustee, officer, partner, member or manager of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The Declaration of Trust and Bylaws also permit it, with the approval of the Board, to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of the Company in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of the Company or a predecessor of the Company. 
 Maryland law requires a Maryland real estate investment trust (unless its declaration of trust provides otherwise, which the Declaration of Trust does not) to indemnify a trustee or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a real estate investment trust to indemnify its present and former trustees and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the trustee or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the trustee or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the trustee or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland real estate investment trust may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the real estate investment trust or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a real estate investment trust to advance reasonable expenses to a trustee or officer upon the real estate investment trust s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the trustee or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the real estate investment trust and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the real estate investment trust if it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its trustees, and has entered or expect to enter into indemnification agreements with each of its executive officers, in each case, that will provide for indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 Business Opportunities 

The Declaration of Trust provides that the trustees of the Company who are also trustees, officers, employees or agents of Vornado Realty Trust Vornado ), an entity from which the Company separated in 2015, or any of Vornado s affiliates (each such trustee, a Covered Person ), have no duty to communicate or present any business opportunity to the Company, and the Company renounces on its behalf and on behalf of its subsidiaries, any potential interest or expectation in, or right to be offered or to participate in, such business opportunity and waives to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Maryland law any claim against a Covered Person arising from the fact that he or she does not present, communicate or offer any such business opportunity to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, or pursues such business opportunity or facilitates the pursuit of such business opportunity by others provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply in a case in which a Covered Person is presented with a business opportunity in writing expressly in his or her capacity as a trustee of the Company. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Maryland law and except to the extent such business opportunity is presented to a Covered Person in writing expressly in his or her capacity as a trustee of the Company, (i) no Covered Person is required to present, communicate or offer any business opportunity to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, and (ii) any Covered Person, on his or her own behalf or on behalf of Vornado, has the right to hold and exploit any business opportunity, or to direct, recommend, offer, sell, assign or otherwise transfer such business opportunity to any person or entity other than the Company. 
 
 Termination of Operations or REIT Status 
 Subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares at the time outstanding, after approval by a majority of the entire Board, the Company may be terminated at any meeting of shareholders, by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. In addition, under the Declaration of Trust, the Board may authorize the Company to revoke or otherwise terminate its REIT election, without shareholder approval, if it determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Company to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 exhibit1014-urbanedgesepar.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

Exhibit 10.14 

210 Route 4 East 
 Paramus, NJ 07652 
 201.571.3500 

October 31, 2022 
 
 Via Email and U.S Certified or Registered Mail 

Christopher J. Weilminster 149 East Side Drive Rehoboth Beach, DE 19971 
 
 Dear Chris 
 
 As we have discussed, your employment with Urban Edge Properties (hereafter Company will end effective November 18, 2022 (the Date of Termination ). This letter summarizes some information related to the ending of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 As you know, you and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of July 30, 2018 (the Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Employment Agreement, any termination of your employment is to be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party that indicates the specific termination provision in the Employment Agreement relied upon. This letter serves as that written notice. Accordingly, you are hereby notified that your employment is ending on the Date of Termination pursuant to Section 5(e) of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 In connection with the ending of your employment, you are entitled to the accrued obligations set forth in Section 7(a) of the Employment Agreement. You will receive your final paycheck for accrued wages through the Date of Termination no later than the first regular payroll date following the Date of Termination. Your final paycheck will include payment for all salary wages that you earned through and including the Date of Termination and for any unused, accrued vacation time. You will also be paid any earned but unpaid annual bonus for the year preceding the year of termination if the relevant measurement period for such bonus concluded prior to the Date of Termination and the Company shall reimburse you for any amounts due to you as of the Date of Termination pursuant to Section 4(g) of the Employment Agreement 
 
 You are also entitled to certain severance pay and benefits pursuant to Section 5(e) and Section 7(b) of the Employment Agreement provided you sign, do not revoke and comply with the Separation and General Release Agreement (the Agreement enclosed with this letter within the timeframe set forth therein. The Agreement is the Release referenced in Section 7(b) of the Employment Agreement. You have the right to consult with your own counsel at your own expense before signing the Agreement. 
 
 You may wish to contact your local unemployment office to see if you are eligible for unemployment benefits. Please note that eligibility for unemployment insurance benefits is decided by the State Department of Labor and not the Company. 

1 

If you have any questions about your separation from the Company and its subsidiaries or the contents of this letter, please feel free to contact me directly. We wish you well in your future endeavors. 

Sincerely, 

s Robert C. Milton III 
 Robert C. Milton III 
 EVP & General Counsel 
 
 Enclosure (Separation and General Release Agreement) 
 
 2 

SEPARATION AND GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Separation and General Release Agreement Agreement confirms the terms of the separation of Christopher J. Weilminster s you or your employment with Urban Edge Properties (the Company and its subsidiaries. The ending of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is a termination without Cause pursuant to Section 5(e) of the Employment Agreement between you and the Company dated as of July 30, 2018 (the Employment Agreement ). Accordingly, you will receive the Severance Benefits described below in Section 4 of this Agreement and the equity treatment described in Section 5 of this Agreement if you (a) sign and return this Agreement to the Company not before the Date of Termination (as defined below) and no later than the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day period immediately following the date that you received this Agreement, (b) do not revoke this Agreement during the seven (7) day revocation period explained in Section 7 below, and (c) comply with the other terms of this Agreement. 
 
 By signing, delivering, and not revoking this Agreement, you will be entering into a binding agreement with the Company and agreeing to the terms and conditions in the numbered sections below, including the general release of claims in Section 6 . Therefore, you are advised to consult with an attorney of your choice before signing this Agreement. 
 
 If you choose not to sign and return this Agreement to the Company within the time period described in this Agreement, or if you revoke your acceptance of this Agreement within seven (7) days after signing this Agreement, you will not receive the Severance Benefits described in Section 4 or the equity treatment described in Section 5 . 
 
 1. Last Day of Employment Resignations from any Boards and Position . You acknowledge that you were notified on October 18, 2022 that the last day of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries will be November 18, 2022 Date of Termination ). Effective on the Date of Termination, you shall be deemed to resign (i) from the board of trustees or directors of any subsidiary of the Company and or any other board to which you have been appointed or nominated by or on behalf of the Company, and (ii) from any position with the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, including, but not limited to, as an officer of the Company and an officer and director of any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 2. Accrued Obligations . No later than the first regular payroll date following the Date of Termination, the Company will pay you (i) any earned but unpaid base salary through the Date of Termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid annual bonus for the year preceding the year of termination if the relevant measurement period for such bonus concluded prior to the Date of Termination, and (iii) 26.84 1 days of accrued but unused vacation pay through the Date of Termination (assuming no such vacation is used through the Date of Termination). The Company will also reimburse you as soon as practicable following the Date of Termination for any reasonable business expenses that have not yet been reimbursed, in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company will also provide you with any compensation and or benefits as may be due or payable to you in accordance with the terms and provisions or any employee benefit plans or programs of the Company and its subsidiaries. You will receive the accrued obligations 
 
 1 To be updated on November 18, 2022. 
 
 1 

set forth in the preceding sentences even if you choose not to enter into this Agreement. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4 or Section 5 below, you will cease vesting in any equity awards on the Date of Termination, and any vested options shall remain exercisable for sixty (60) days following the Date of Termination (or if earlier, through the expiration of the scheduled term of such award). 
 
 3. Employee Benefits Unemployment . Except as provided in Section 4(c) below, your participation in the group health insurance plan(s) of the Company and its subsidiaries will end in accordance with the terms of such plan(s). Coverage under any other group benefit plans or programs in which you participated, if any, will also end on the Date of Termination. Regardless of whether you enter into this Agreement, you may have the right to continue the medical, vision and or dental insurance coverage that you had in effect as of the Date of Termination (generally for up to eighteen (18) months) under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ). You will receive COBRA notices and information about your 401(k) account (if any), in separate letters. If you participated in the Flexible Spending Account Plan, you also may have the right to continue FSA participation under COBRA. If you had group life insurance, you also will receive information about the option to convert this coverage to an individual policy. 
 
 4. Severance Benefits . If you choose to sign and return this Agreement within the required time period, you do not revoke this Agreement and you abide by the other terms of this Agreement, the Company agrees to provide you with the following Severance Benefits 
 
 (a) a lump sum severance payment in the amount of 1.5 times the sum of (i) your current base salary of 600,000 per year and (ii) your current target annual bonus of 600,000 (the Severance Amount ), which will be paid to you within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date of this Agreement (as defined below) 
 
 (b) a pro rata bonus for the year of termination equal to 88.22 of the annual bonus you are eligible to earn under the Company s Short Term Incentive Plan (the STI Plan ), less applicable withholdings (the Pro Rata Bonus ), to be paid at the time bonuses are paid to similarly situated employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under the STI Plan and in any event no later than March 15, 2023 
 
 (c) medical, dental and vision insurance coverage substantially identical to that provided to other senior executives of the Company (collectively Medical Benefits ), which shall be provided to the same extent as the Company and its subsidiaries provide the employer portion of medical, dental and vision insurance premiums to the Company s current senior executives upon your election and continued qualification for such Medical Benefits pursuant to COBRA for one year following the Date of Termination provided , that, if this Agreement raises any compliance issues or impositions of penalties under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or other applicable law, then the parties agree to modify this Agreement so that it complies with the terms of such laws without impairing the economic benefit to you and 
 
 (d) vesting on the Effective Date (as defined below) of all outstanding unvested equity and equity-based awards granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries that are subject to vesting based solely on continued employment with the Company and or its subsidiaries and are listed as Sign-On LTIP Unit Award or Accelerated Time-Based Equity Awards on Schedule 
 
 2 

A attached hereto, with all vested options remaining exercisable until the sixtieth (60 th day following the Effective Date or, if earlier, the expiration of the term of the option Vesting Benefits ). Subject to your execution of this Agreement and the expiration of the related revocation period, any termination or forfeiture of the Sign-On LTIP Unit Award and the Accelerated Time- Based Equity Awards that otherwise would have occurred on or within sixty (60) days after the Date of Termination will be delayed until the sixtieth (60 th day after the Date of Termination (but, in the case of any option, not later than the expiration of the term of the option) and will occur only to the extent such Sign-On LTIP Unit Award and Accelerated Time-Based Equity Awards do not vest pursuant to this Section 4(d) . For avoidance of doubt, the Vesting Benefit shall not apply to equity and equity-based awards granted by the Company or its subsidiaries other than the Sign-On LTIP Unit Award and the Accelerated Time-Based Equity Awards, including any equity and equity-based awards that are subject to vesting based in whole or in part on achievement of performance-based hurdles other than continued employment with the Company and or its subsidiaries, such as hurdles based on the Company s operating performance or absolute or relative total return to shareholders. 
 
 You acknowledge that the Company would not agree to provide you with these Severance Benefits without your general release of claims and other promises in this Agreement. You also agree that the Severance Benefits constitute good and valuable consideration for your general release of claims and other promises in this Agreement. 
 
 5. Equity 
 
 (a) You and the Company acknowledge and agree that Schedule A is a complete and accurate summary of all fully vested and unvested equity and equity-based awards and unexercised options granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries as of the Date of Termination. 
 
 (b) The Fully Vested Equity Awards (as defined on Schedule A are fully vested and will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of your equity award agreements and the applicable equity incentive plans. 
 
 (c) With respect to the 2019 Performance LTIP Unit Award (as defined on Schedule A ), which was granted on April 4, 2019 and is subject to the Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (the 2019 Performance LTIP Agreement ), Section 4(c) of the 2019 Performance LTIP Agreement shall apply such that the unvested LTIP Units in Urban Edge Properties LP (the Partnership that have not previously been forfeited pursuant to Section 3(d) of the 2019 Performance LTIP Agreement shall no longer be subject to forfeiture pursuant to Section 3(e) of such agreement upon the Date of Termination, provided that you will not have the right to Transfer (as defined in the 2019 Performance LTIP Agreement) the LTIP Units or request redemption of the Common Units (as defined in the 2019 Performance LTIP Agreement) under the Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership in accordance with the terms of Section 4(c). 
 
 (d) With respect to the 2020 Performance LTIP Unit Award (as defined on Schedule A ), which was granted on February 20, 2020 and is subject to the Company s form Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (the 2020 Performance LTIP Agreement ), Section 4(b) of the 2020 Performance LTIP Agreement shall apply such that the LTIP Units in the Partnership granted pursuant to the 2020 Performance LTIP Agreement will not be forfeited upon the Date of 
 
 3 

Termination and you may earn and vest in a pro-rata portion of such LTIP Units in accordance with the terms of Section 4(b). 
 
 (e) With respect to the 2021 Performance LTIP Unit Award (as defined on Schedule A ), which was granted on February 10, 2021 and is subject to the Company s form Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (the 2021 Performance LTIP Agreement ), Section 4(b) of the 2021 Performance LTIP Agreement shall apply such that the LTIP Units in the Partnership granted pursuant to the 2021 Performance LTIP Agreement will not be forfeited upon the Date of Termination and you may earn and vest in a pro-rata portion of such LTIP Units in accordance with the terms of Section 4(b). 
 
 (f) With respect to the 2022 Performance LTIP Unit Award (as defined on Schedule A ), which was granted on February 11, 2022 and is subject to the Company s form Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (the 2022 Performance LTIP Agreement ), you will automatically forfeit all LTIP Units in the Partnership granted pursuant to the 2022 Performance LTIP Agreement upon the Date of Termination pursuant to Section 4(d) of the 2022 Performance LTIP Agreement and neither you nor any of your successors, heirs, assigns or personal representatives will thereafter have any further rights or interest in such LTIP Units. 
 
 (g) The Sign-On LTIP Unit Award and the Accelerated Time-Based Equity Awards shall be subject to Section 4(d) above and, in accordance with and subject to Section 4(d), the Option (as defined on Schedule A shall remain exercisable until the sixtieth (60 th day following the Effective Date and, to the extent not exercised on or before such date, shall be automatically forfeited and thereafter shall cease to be exercisable. 
 
 6. General Releases . In exchange for the Severance Benefits described in Section 4 of this Agreement and the equity treatment described in Section 5 of this Agreement, to which you are not otherwise entitled, you (for yourself and your heirs, executors, administrators, beneficiaries, personal representatives and assigns) hereby completely, forever, irrevocably and unconditionally release and discharge, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company, the Company s past and present parent organizations, subsidiaries and other affiliated entities, related companies and divisions and each of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, shareholders (but only in their capacity as shareholders), trustees, members, partners, attorneys and agents (in each case, individually and in their official capacities) and each of their respective employee benefit plans (and such plans fiduciaries, agents, administrators and insurers, individually and in their official capacities), as well as any predecessors, future successors or assigns or estates of any of the foregoing (the Released Parties from any and all claims, actions, charges, controversies, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, liabilities, obligations, damages, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages and obligations of any kind or character whatsoever, that you ever had, now have or may in the future claim to have by reason of any act, conduct, omission, transaction, agreement, occurrence or any other matter whatsoever relating to your employment and separation from employment with the Company, occurring up to and including the date that you sign this Agreement. This general release of claims includes any and all claims arising up to and including the date you sign this Agreement, relating to your employment and separation from employment with the Company, which you either have or may have against the Released Parties, whether such claims are known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, asserted or unasserted, disclosed or 
 
 4 

undisclosed. By signing this Agreement, you expressly waive any right to assert that any such claim, demand, obligation or cause of action has, through ignorance or oversight, been omitted from the scope of this release and further waive any rights under statute or common law principles that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims. This general release of claims includes, without limitation, any and all claims 
 
 of discrimination, harassment, retaliation, or wrongful termination 
 for breach of contract, whether oral, written, express and implied breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied promissory estoppel negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress fraud negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage unfair business practices defamation libel or slander negligence assault battery invasion of privacy personal injury compensatory or punitive damages, or any other claim for damages or injury of any kind whatsoever 
 for violation or alleged violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, rule, regulation or ordinance, including, but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Acts of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Family & Medical Leave Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the federal False Claims Act, the New York State Human Rights Laws, the New York City Human Rights Laws, the New York State wage and hour and wage payment laws, the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, the New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New Jersey Family Leave Act, the New Jersey False Claims Act, the New Jersey Civil Rights Act, the New Jersey wage and hour and wage payment laws, the Florida Civil Rights Act 760.01 to 760.11, Fla. Stat.), Florida Whistleblower Protection Act 448.101 to 448.105, Fla. Stat.), Florida Workers Compensation Retaliation provision 440.205, Fla. Stat.), Florida Minimum Wage Act 448.110, Fla. Stat.), Article X, Section 24 of the Florida Constitution (Fla. Const. art. X, 24), the Florida Fair Housing Act 760.20 to 760.37, Fla. Stat.), the Delaware Discrimination in Employment Act, the Delaware Persons With Disabilities Employment Protection Act, the Delaware Whistleblowers Protection Act, the Delaware Wage Payment and Collection Act, the Delaware Fair Employment Practices Act, the Delaware Volunteer Emergency Responders Job Protection Act, and Delaware's social media law, in each case, as such laws have been or may be amended 
 for employee benefits, including, without limitation, any and all claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (excluding COBRA) 
 to any non-vested ownership interest in the Company, the Partnership or any of their subsidiaries, contractual or otherwise, including, but not limited to, claims to shares, options or LTIP Units in the Partnership 
 arising out of or relating to any promise, agreement, offer letter, contract (whether oral, written, express or implied), understanding, personnel policy or practice, or employee handbook 
 relating to or arising from your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries, the terms and conditions of that employment, and the termination of that employment, including, without limitation any and all claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation 
 
 5 

or wrongful discharge under any common law theory, public policy or any federal state or local statute or ordinance not expressly listed above and 
 any and all claims for monetary recovery, including, without limitation, attorneys fees, experts fees, costs and disbursements. 
 
 This general release of claims by you does not apply to, waive or affect your rights under this Agreement any rights or claims that may arise after the date you sign this Agreement any claim for workers compensation benefits (but it does apply to, waive and affect claims of discrimination and or retaliation on the basis of having made a workers compensation claim) claims for indemnification under Section 11 of the Employment Agreement or under any other Company policy or insurance policy claims for unemployment benefits or any other claims or rights that by law cannot be waived in a private agreement between an employer and employee or your rights to any vested benefits to which you are entitled under the terms of the applicable employee benefit plan (the Excluded Claims ). This general release of claims also does not apply to, waive, affect, limit or interfere with preserved rights described in Section 12 below. 
 
 For good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is acknowledged by the Company, the Company hereby completely, forever, irrevocably and unconditionally releases and discharges you, to the maximum extent permitted by law, from all claims, actions, charges, controversies, causes of action, suits, rights, demands, liabilities, obligations, damages, costs, expenses, attorneys fees damages and obligations of any kind or character whatsoever that it ever had, now has, or may in the future claim to have against you by reason of any act, conduct, omission, transaction, agreement, occurrence or any other matter whatsoever occurring up to and including the date the Company signs this Agreement relating to your employment with the Company or separation from the Company, except for any claims for fraud or criminal conduct by you. The undersigned Company representative affirms that he is not currently aware of any claims for fraud or criminal conduct by you. 
 
 7. Waiver of Claims under ADEA Time to Consider Revoke . You acknowledge, understand and agree that the general release of claims in Section 6 above includes, but is not limited to, a waiver and release of all claims that you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the ADEA arising up to and including the date that you sign this Agreement. As required by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, you are hereby advised that 
 
 you are not waiving any rights or claims under the ADEA that may arise after the date you sign this Agreement 
 you should consult with an attorney of your choice concerning your rights and obligations under this Agreement before signing this Agreement 
 you should fully consider this Agreement before signing it 
 nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging (or seeking a determination of) the validity of the waiver under the ADEA 
 you have at least twenty-one (21) days from the date you received this Agreement to consider whether or not you want to sign it 
 if you do not sign and return this Agreement within the time period described in this Agreement, then the Company s offer to provide you with the Severance Benefits described in 
 
 6 

Section 4 above and the equity treatment described in Section 5 above, will automatically terminate 
 at any time within seven (7) days after signing this Agreement, you may change your mind and revoke your acceptance of this Agreement. To be effective, your revocation must be in writing and sent electronically to the Company via email to rmilton uedge.com within the seven (7) day period 
 this Agreement is not effective or enforceable until (and if) the revocation period has passed without a revocation 
 if you exercise your right to revoke, this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Company s offer to provide you with the Severance Benefits and equity treatment described in Section 4 and Section 5 and your release of claims in Section 6 above) will not be enforceable and 
 if you do not revoke your acceptance of this Agreement, the eighth (8 th day following the date that you sign this Agreement will be the effective date (the Effective Date ). 
 
 8. No Pending Claims . You represent and warrant that you have no charges, lawsuits, or actions pending in your name against any of the Released Parties relating to any claim that has been released in this Agreement. You also represent and warrant that you have not assigned or transferred to any third party any right or claim against any of the Released Parties that you have released in this Agreement. 
 
 9. Confidentiality of this Agreement Non-Disparagement . You agree that you will not disclose to others the terms of this Agreement, except as such terms have been disclosed by the Company and are public information. You may disclose terms which have not been disclosed by the Company to your immediate family, attorneys and bona fide financial and tax advisors and then only after securing the agreement of such individual(s) to maintain the confidentiality of the terms of this Agreement, and to government agencies and as required by law. You also agree that you will not at any time make any disparaging or derogatory statements concerning the Company or its business, products and services. However, nothing in this Section is intended to, and shall not, restrict or limit you from exercising your preserved rights described in Section 12 or restrict or limit any party from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena, other legal process or valid governmental inquiry. 
 
 The Company agrees that upon your written request, Jeffrey Olson, CEO, will promptly provide a verbal reference regarding you to prospective employers. The Company agrees that all inquiries regarding you from prospective employers and others will be directed to its Human Resources Department and the only information the Human Resources Department will provide is your starting and ending dates of employment, and your last position as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 10. Non-Disclosure Obligations Continuing Obligations . You acknowledge your obligation to keep confidential, and to not disclose or use (and you agree to keep confidential and not disclose or use) any and all confidential information or otherwise non-public information concerning the Company that you acquired during the course of your employment (such as non-public information about the Company s tenants, business affairs, prospects and financial condition), unless such disclosure is made in response to a subpoena, other legal process, valid governmental inquiry or 
 
 7 

otherwise required by law or is reasonably necessary to exercise your preserved rights under Section 12 , or unless such information becomes public through no fault of your own. Confidential information includes all trade secrets, tenant lists and information related to tenant files, technical, operating, financial, and other business information and materials. You also acknowledge and reaffirm, and agree to comply with, your obligations under Section 10 of the Employment Agreement (collectively, the Continuing Obligations ), which remain in full force and effect and are incorporated by reference as material terms of this Agreement, provided, however, that you and the Company have agreed to amend the definition of Competing Business as it appears in Section 10 of your Employment Agreement to mean the development, owning and operating of retail real estate in the principal geographical markets in which the Company operates on the Date of Termination (including, without limitation, open air shopping centers in the Washington, DC to Boston corridor) and the acquisition and disposition of such retail real estate in those markets for the purpose of development, owning and operating such retail real estate. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10 to the contrary, the Company will consider in good faith waiving your non-competition restriction, in its sole discretion, for an opportunity you present in writing to the Company and provide any reasonable detail requested by the Company, provided that if the Company fails to respond to you within fourteen (14) days after receiving such notice and any additional detail, you may engage in such opportunity. The Company agrees to maintain the information you provide concerning such opportunity as confidential. You will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret if (a) you make such disclosure in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and such disclosure is made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) you make such disclosure in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding if such filing is made under seal. 
 
 11. Return of Company Documents and Other Property . You agree that, by the Date of Termination, you will return to the Company all Company documents, materials and information (whether in hardcopy, on electronic media or otherwise) related to Company business and or containing any non-public information concerning the Company or its tenants, as well as all equipment, keys, access cards, credit cards, computers, computer hardware and software, electronic devices and any other Company property in your possession, custody or control, except for your benefits, equity and personnel documents. The Company agrees that you also may retain your Company-issued iPad and iPhone, provided that you must first give the Company access to your Company-issued iPad and iPhone for the purposes of deleting all confidential information of the Company. The Company further agrees that you may retain your own mobile phone number (301-580-9229) that you utilized as an employee on the Company-issued iPhone, and the Company agrees to take all steps necessary to allow you to retain your mobile number. You also represent and warrant that you have not retained copies of any Company documents, materials or information (whether in hardcopy, on electronic media or otherwise). You also agree that you will disclose to the Company all passwords necessary or desirable to enable the Company to access all information which you have password-protected on any of its computer equipment or on its computer network or system. 
 
 12. Preserved Rights . This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, in any way prohibit, limit or otherwise interfere with 
 
 8 

(a) your protected rights under federal, state or local law to, without notice to the Company (i) communicate or file a charge with a government regulator, (ii) participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by a government regulator, or (iii) receive an award paid by a government regulator for providing information or 
 
 (b) your right to enforce the terms of this Agreement and to exercise your rights relating to any Excluded Claims. 
 
 13. No Other Pay or Benefits No-Right to Re-Employment. You acknowledge and agree that upon payment of the amounts described in Section 2 , you will have been paid for all work performed including, without limitation, all salary wages, bonuses, overtime, commissions and any earned, but unused, vacation time due to you up through and including the Date of Termination. You acknowledge and agree that, except for the Company s obligation to provide the Severance Benefits specifically provided in Section 4 and provide the equity treatment described in Section 5 , you are entitled to no other payments or benefits and the Released Parties have no further obligations to you whatsoever, whether arising out of your employment with the Company, your separation from the Company or otherwise. You further acknowledge that you have no right to reinstatement or re-employment with the Company or any current affiliate of the Company and agree that any application by you for re-employment may be rejected without explanation or liability. 
 
 14. No Admission . Nothing contained in this Agreement will constitute or be treated as an admission by you, the Company or any of the other Released Parties of any liability, wrongdoing or violation of law. 
 
 15. Breach . If you materially breach your obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Continuing Obligations), then, in addition to any of the Company s other rights and remedies at law or in equity, you shall reimburse the Company for its costs and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement, and if you prevail in such action, the Company shall reimburse you for your reasonable costs and attorneys fees. You and the Company will provide the other written notice of an intent to file a claim for breach of this Agreement at least thirty (30) days before filing such claim, during which time any such breach may be cured, if feasible. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise of your preserved rights under Section 12 will, in no event, be considered a breach of your obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 16. Section 409A . The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 2(b)(2). Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of your separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that you become entitled to under this Agreement on account of your separation from service would be considered 
 
 9 

deferred compensation subject to the 20 additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after your separation from service, or (B) your death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. 
 
 17. Section 280G . 
 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for your benefit, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code, and the applicable regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments ), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be 1.00 less than the amount at which you become subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in you receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than you would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code (3) equity-based payments and acceleration and (4) non-cash forms of benefits provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c). 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Section, the After Tax Amount means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on you as a result of your receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, you shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. 
 
 (c) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to this Section shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and you within fifteen (15) business days of the Date of Termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or you. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and you. 
 
 10 

18. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) This Agreement (including, without limitation, the Continuing Obligations) contains the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings (both written and oral) between you and the Company concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, except that your rights to indemnification pursuant to Section 11 of the Employment Agreement and your equity award agreements and the applicable equity incentive plan(s) will remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms, subject to the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement may only be modified by a written document signed by you and an authorized officer of the Company. 
 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and the other Released Parties and shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. This Agreement also shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, you and your heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, and legal and personal representatives. This Agreement is personal to you and you may not assign or delegate your rights or duties under this Agreement, and any such assignment or delegation will be null and void. 
 
 (c) The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision in this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and the invalid, illegal and unenforceable provision shall be reformed and construed so that it will be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
 
 (d) The Company and you shall each bear their own costs, fees (including, without limitation, attorney s fees) and expenses in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement. 
 
 (e) The failure of the Company or you to seek enforcement of any provision of this Agreement in any instance or for any period of time shall not be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the Company s or your right to seek enforcement of such provision in the future. 
 
 (f) The arbitration and choice of law provisions contained in Section 14 of the Employment Agreement remain in full force and effect, and remain the exclusive method for dispute resolution between the parties, except that Section 14 of the Employment Agreement shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate, including without limitation relief sought under the Continuing Obligations. 
 
 (g) Given the full and fair opportunity provided to each party to consult with their respective counsel regarding terms of this Agreement, ambiguities shall not be construed against either party by virtue of such party having drafted the subject provision. 
 
 11 

(h) The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
 (i) This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts. When both counterparts are signed, they shall be treated together as one and the same document. 
 
 (j) You agree that all obligations of the Company to make payments or provide benefits to you may be satisfied by the Company causing any of its subsidiaries, including any subsidiary that currently serves as your employer, to make such payments or provide such benefits in the same manner and at the same time as the Company is obligated to do so pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (k) The Company affirms that this Agreement has been authorized by all necessary 
 parties. 
 
 19. Opportunity to Review . You represent and warrant that you 
 
 have had sufficient opportunity to consider this Agreement 
 have carefully read this Agreement and understand all of its terms 
 are not incompetent and have not had a guardian, conservator or trustee appointed for you 
 have entered into this Agreement of your own free will and volition and that, except for the promises expressly made by the Company in this Agreement, no other promises or agreements of any kind have been made to you by any person or entity whatsoever to cause you to sign this Agreement 
 understand that you are responsible for your own attorneys fees and costs 
 have been advised and encouraged by the Company to consult with your own independent counsel before signing this Agreement 
 have had the opportunity to review this Agreement with counsel of your choice or have chosen voluntarily not to do so 
 were given at least twenty-one (21) days to review this Agreement before signing it 
 understand that you have seven (7) days to revoke this Agreement after you sign it and 
 understand that this Agreement is valid, binding, and enforceable against you and the Company according to its terms. 
 
 Signature page follows. 

12 

If you wish to accept this Agreement, you must sign, date and return it to the Company not before the Date of Termination, and no later than the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day period immediately following the date you received this Agreement. 
 
 Agreed to and accepted on this 21st day of November, 2022 

Christopher J. Weilminster 
 
 s Christopher J. Weilminster 

Agreed to and accepted on this 2nd day of December, 2022 
 
 EMPLOYER 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 
 By s Robert C. Milton III 
 Robert C. Milton III 
 EVP & General Counsel 

13 

Schedule A 
 
 Sign-On LTIP Unit Award 
 
 The following outstanding unvested equity and equity-based award granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries constitutes the Sign-On LTIP Unit Award, which is subject to the Vesting Benefit in accordance with Section 4(d) of this Agreement 
 
 132,276 LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on September 27, 2018 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, of which 44,092 LTIP Units remained unvested on the Date of Termination 
 
 Performance-Based Equity Awards 
 
 The following outstanding unvested performance-based equity awards granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries are to be treated in accordance with Sections 5(c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Agreement, respectively 
 
 The performance-based award of LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on April 4, 2019 pursuant to that certain Performance LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership pursuant to which you could earn up to an aggregate of 112,970 LTIP Units in the Partnership 2019 Performance LTIP Unit Award 
 
 The performance-based award of LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 20, 2020 pursuant to that certain Performance LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership pursuant to which you could earn up to an aggregate of 107,664 LTIP Units in the Partnership 2020 Performance LTIP Unit Award 
 
 The performance-based award of LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 10, 2021 pursuant to that certain Performance LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership pursuant to which you could earn up to an aggregate of 76,751 LTIP Units in the Partnership 2021 Performance LTIP Unit Award 
 
 The performance-based award of LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 11, 2022 pursuant to that certain Performance LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership pursuant to which you could earn up to an aggregate of 75,046 LTIP Units in the Partnership 2022 Performance LTIP Unit Award 
 
 Accelerated Time-Based Equity Awards 
 
 The following outstanding unvested equity and equity-based awards granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries, which are subject to vesting based solely on continued employment with the Company and or its subsidiaries, are subject to the Vesting Benefit in accordance with Section 4(d) of this Agreement 
 E-1 

The unvested portion of the 28,951 LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 20, 2020 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, which consisted of 9,651 unvested LTIP Units as of the Date of Termination 
 
 The unvested portion of the 53,003 LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 10, 2021 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, which consisted of 35,336 unvested LTIP Units as of the Date of Termination 
 
 46,845 LTIP Units in the Partnership granted on February 11, 2022 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, all of which remained unvested on the Date of Termination 
 
 The option to purchase 1,000,000 common shares of beneficial interest in the Company at an exercise price of 21.72 per share granted on September 27, 2018 pursuant to that certain Non- Qualified Share Option Agreement entered into by you and the Company, which consisted of 333,334 unvested shares on the Date of Termination (the Option 
 
 Fully Vested Equity Awards 
 
 The following fully vested equity and equity-based awards granted to you by the Company or its subsidiaries shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of your equity award agreements and the applicable equity incentive plans as provided in Section 5(b) of this Agreement 
 
 38,352 LTIP Units in the Partnership were granted on September 27, 2018 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, and all such LTIP Units are fully vested as of the Date of Termination 
 
 41,291 LTIP Units in the Partnership were granted on September 27, 2019 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, and all such LTIP Units are fully vested as of the Date of Termination 
 
 26,068 LTIP Units in the Partnership were granted on April 4, 2019 pursuant to that certain Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement entered into by you, the Company and the Partnership, and all such LTIP Units are fully vested as of the Date of Termination 
 E-2 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211listofsubsidiari.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Urban Edge Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust, has only one subsidiary Urban Edge Properties LP, a Delaware limited partnership. Below is a list of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Urban Edge Properties, and the corresponding states of incorporation or organization 
 State of Name of Subsidiary Organization 1 151 Ridgedale Holdings LLC Delaware 2 40 Carmans LLC Delaware 3 601 Murray Holdings LLC Delaware 4 Amherst II UE LLC New York 5 Bethlehem UE LLC Delaware 6 Bricktown UE LLC New Jersey 7 Bricktown UE Member LLC Delaware 8 Cherry Hill UE LLC New Jersey 9 Dover UE LLC New Jersey 10 Dover UE Member LLC Delaware 11 East Brunswick UE II LLC Delaware 12 East Brunswick UE Owner LLC Delaware 13 Freeport UE LLC New York 14 Freeport UE Member LLC Delaware 15 Glen Burnie UE LLC Maryland 16 Hackensack UE LLC New Jersey 17 Hackensack UE Member LLC Delaware 18 Hanover UE LLC New Jersey 19 Hanover UE Member LLC Delaware 20 Jersey City UE LLC New Jersey 21 Jersey City UE Member LLC Delaware 22 Kearny Holding UE LLC New Jersey 23 Kearny Leasing UE LLC New Jersey 24 Lawnside UE LLC New Jersey 25 Lodi II UE LLC New Jersey 26 Lodi UE LLC New Jersey 27 Manalapan UE LLC New Jersey 28 Marlton UE LLC New Jersey 29 Marlton UE Member LLC Delaware 30 Middletown UE LLC New Jersey 31 Middletown UE Member LLC Delaware 32 Montclair UE II LLC Delaware 33 Montclair UE LLC New Jersey 34 Morris Plains Holding UE LLC New Jersey 

35 Morris Plains Leasing UE LLC New Jersey 36 New Hyde Park UE LLC New York 37 Newington UE LLC Connecticut 38 North Bergen UE LLC New Jersey 39 North Plainfield UE LLC New Jersey 40 North Plainfield UE Member LLC Delaware 41 Paramus UE II LLC Delaware 42 Paramus UE LLC Delaware 43 Patson UE Holdings LLC Delaware 44 Patson Urban Edge GP LLC Delaware 45 Patson Urban Edge LLC Delaware 46 Sunrise Leasehold LLC Delaware 47 Sunrise Mall Holdings LLC Delaware 48 Totowa UE LLC New Jersey 49 Totowa UE Member LLC Delaware 50 Towson UE LLC Maryland 51 Turnersville UE LLC New Jersey 52 UE 1105 State Highway 36 LLC Delaware 53 UE 151 Ridgedale LLC Delaware 54 UE 195 North Bedford Road LLC Delaware 55 UE 197 Spring Valley LLC Delaware 56 UE 2100 Route 38 LLC Delaware 57 UE 2445 Springfield Avenue LLC Delaware 58 UE 25 Spring Valley LLC Delaware 59 UE 3098 Long Beach Road LLC Delaware 60 UE 447 South Broadway LLC Delaware 61 UE 51 Spring Valley Ave LLC Delaware 62 UE 601 Murray LLC Delaware 63 UE 675 Paterson Avenue LLC Delaware 64 UE 675 Route 1 LLC Delaware 65 UE 7000 Hadley Road LLC Delaware 66 UE 713-715 Sunrise LLC Delaware 67 UE 839 New York Avenue LLC Delaware 68 UE 938 Spring Valley LLC Delaware 69 UE AP 195 N. Bedford Road LLC Delaware 70 UE AR Building LLC Delaware 71 UE Bensalem Holding Company LLC Delaware 72 UE Bergen East LLC Delaware 73 UE Bergen Mall 2017 License LLC Delaware 74 UE Bergen Mall License II LLC Delaware 75 UE Bergen Mall LLC New Jersey 76 UE Bergen Mall Owner LLC Delaware 77 UE Bethlehem Holding LP Pennsylvania 78 UE Bethlehem Properties Holding Company LLC Delaware 79 UE Bethlehem Property LP Pennsylvania 

80 UE Brick LLC New Jersey 81 UE Bridgeland Warehouses LLC New Jersey 82 UE Bruckner Plaza LLC Delaware 83 UE Bruckner Shops LLC Delaware 84 UE Burnside Plaza LLC Delaware 85 UE Caguas Catalinas Holding LLC Delaware 86 UE Camden Holding LLC New Jersey 87 UE Chicopee Holding LLC Massachusetts 88 UE CHLL LLC Delaware 89 UE Cross Bay LLC Delaware 90 UE Diablo Management LLC Delaware 91 UE Forest Plaza LLC Delaware 92 UE Freeport II LLC Delaware 93 UE Gun Hill Road LLC Delaware 94 UE Hanover Public Warehousing LLC New Jersey 95 UE Henrietta Holding LLC New York 96 UE Holding LP Delaware 97 UE Hudson Mall LLC Delaware 98 UE IT Management LLC Delaware 99 UE Kingswood One LLC Delaware 100 UE Kingswood Two Holding LLC New York 101 UE Kingswood Two LLC Delaware 102 UE Lancaster Leasing Company LLC Delaware 103 UE Las Catalinas LLC Delaware 104 UE Lodi Delaware LLC Delaware 105 UE MA Investments LLC Delaware 106 UE Management LLC Delaware 107 UE Management TRS LLC Delaware 108 UE Manchester LLC Delaware 109 UE Marple Holding Company LLC Delaware 110 UE Massachusetts Holding LLC Delaware 111 UE Maywood License II LLC Delaware 112 UE Maywood License LLC Delaware 113 UE Millburn LLC Delaware 114 UE Montehiedra Holding II LLC Delaware 115 UE Montehiedra Holding LLC Delaware 116 UE Montehiedra Holding LP Delaware 117 UE Montehiedra Lender LLC Delaware 118 UE Montehiedra Management LLC Delaware 119 UE Montehiedra OP LLC Delaware 120 UE Montehiedra OPQOF LLC Delaware 121 UE Montehiedra OPQOZB II LLC Delaware 122 UE Montehiedra OPQOZB LLC Delaware 123 UE Montehiedra Out Parcel LLC Delaware 

124 UE Mundy Street LP Delaware 125 UE New Bridgeland Warehouses LLC Delaware 126 UE New Hanover LLC New Jersey 127 UE New Hanover Public Warehousing LLC Delaware 128 UE Norfolk Property LLC Delaware 129 UE One Lincoln Plaza LLC Delaware 130 UE PA 1 LP Delaware 131 UE PA 10 LP Delaware 132 UE PA 11 LP Delaware 133 UE PA 12 LP Delaware 134 UE PA 13 LP Delaware 135 UE PA 14 LP Delaware 136 UE PA 15 LP Delaware 137 UE PA 16 LP Delaware 138 UE PA 17 LP Delaware 139 UE PA 18 LP Delaware 140 UE PA 19 LP Delaware 141 UE PA 2 LP Delaware 142 UE PA 20 LP Delaware 143 UE PA 21 LP Delaware 144 UE PA 22 LP Delaware 145 UE PA 23 LP Delaware 146 UE PA 24 LP Delaware 147 UE PA 25 LP Delaware 148 UE PA 26 LP Delaware 149 UE PA 27 LP Delaware 150 UE PA 28 LP Delaware 151 UE PA 29 LP Delaware 152 UE PA 3 LP Delaware 153 UE PA 30 LP Delaware 154 UE PA 31 LP Delaware 155 UE PA 32 LP Delaware 156 UE PA 33 LP Delaware 157 UE PA 34 LP Delaware 158 UE PA 35 LP Delaware 159 UE PA 36 LP Delaware 160 UE PA 37 LP Delaware 161 UE PA 38 LP Delaware 162 UE PA 39 LP Delaware 163 UE PA 4 LP Delaware 164 UE PA 40 LP Delaware 165 UE PA 5 LP Delaware 166 UE PA 6 LP Delaware 

167 UE PA 7 LP Delaware 168 UE PA 8 LP Delaware 169 UE PA 9 LP Delaware 170 UE PA GP LLC Delaware 171 UE Paramus License 2020 LLC Delaware 172 UE Paramus License LLC Delaware 173 UE Paterson Plank Road LLC Delaware 174 UE Patson LLC Delaware 175 UE Patson Mt. Diablo A LP Delaware 176 UE Patson Walnut Creek LP Delaware 177 UE Pennsylvania Holding LLC Pennsylvania 178 UE Philadelphia Holding Company LLC Delaware 179 UE PP License 2021 LLC Delaware 180 UE Property Management LLC Delaware 181 UE Puerto Rico Management LLC Delaware 182 UE Retail Management LLC Delaware 183 UE Revere LLC Delaware 184 UE Rochester Holding LLC New York 185 UE Rockaway LLC New Jersey 186 UE Rockville LLC Delaware 187 UE Second Rochester Holding LLC New York 188 UE Shops at Riverwood 1031 LLC Delaware 189 UE Shops at Riverwood LLC Delaware 190 UE Sunrise LLC Delaware 191 UE Sunrise Property Management LLC Delaware 192 UE Tonnelle 8701 LLC Delaware 193 UE Tonnelle Commons LLC Delaware 194 UE Tonnelle Storage II LLC Delaware 195 UE Tonnelle Storage LLC Delaware 196 UE TRU Alewife Brook Pkwy LLC Delaware 197 UE TRU Baltimore Park LP Delaware 198 UE TRU CA LLC Delaware 199 UE TRU Callahan Drive LP Delaware 200 UE TRU Cherry Avenue LP Delaware 201 UE TRU Erie Blvd LLC Delaware 202 UE TRU Georgia Avenue LLC Delaware 203 UE TRU Jericho Turnpike LLC Delaware 204 UE TRU PA LLC Delaware 205 UE TRU Sam Rittenburg Blvd LLC Delaware 206 UE TRU West Sunrise Hwy LLC Delaware 207 UE West Babylon LLC Delaware 208 UE Westwood LLC Delaware 209 UE Woodbridge King George LLC Delaware 

210 UE Woodbridge Storage II LLC Delaware 211 UE Woodmore Outlot D LLC Delaware 212 UE Woodmore TC Holdings LLC Delaware 213 UE Woodmore TC II LLC Delaware 214 UE Woodmore TC LLC Delaware 215 UE Wyomissing Properties LP Delaware 216 UE Yonkers II LLC Delaware 217 UE Yonkers LLC Delaware 218 UE York Holding Company LLC Delaware 219 Union UE LLC New Jersey 220 Urban Edge Acquisitions LLC Delaware 221 Urban Edge Bensalem LP Pennsylvania 222 Urban Edge Bethlehem LP Pennsylvania 223 Urban Edge Bethlehem Owner LLC Pennsylvania 224 Urban Edge DP LLC Delaware 225 Urban Edge EF Borrower LLC Delaware 226 Urban Edge Lancaster LP Pennsylvania 227 Urban Edge Marple LP Pennsylvania 228 Urban Edge Mass LLC Massachusetts 229 Urban Edge Massachusetts Holdings LLC Delaware 230 Urban Edge Montehiedra Mezz Loan LLC Delaware 231 Urban Edge Montehiedra OP LP Delaware 232 Urban Edge Pennsylvania LP Pennsylvania 233 Urban Edge Philadelphia LP Pennsylvania 234 Urban Edge Properties Maryland 235 Urban Edge Properties Auto LLC Delaware 236 Urban Edge Properties LP Delaware 237 Urban Edge York LP Pennsylvania 238 Watchung UE LLC New Jersey 239 Watchung UE Member LLC Delaware 240 Wayne UE LLC New Jersey 241 Woodbridge UE LLC New Jersey 242 Woodbridge UE Member LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266885 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-227550 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Urban Edge Properties and the effectiveness of Urban Edge Properties internal control over financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exhibit232consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266885 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Urban Edge Properties LP and the effectiveness of Urban Edge Properties LP s internal control over financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311certofceo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey S. Olson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urban Edge Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 14, 2023 s Jeffrey S. Olson Jeffrey S. Olson Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312certofcfo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Mark Langer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urban Edge Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 14, 2023 s Mark Langer Mark Langer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 9
 exhibit313certofceo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey S. Olson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 14, 2023 s Jeffrey S. Olson Jeffrey S. Olson Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of registrant 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 10
 exhibit314certofcfo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Mark Langer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 14, 2023 s Mark Langer Mark Langer Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of registrant 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321certofceoandcfo-.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Urban Edge Properties, hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Urban Edge Properties fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Urban Edge Properties. 
 February 14, 2023 s Jeffrey S. Olson Name Jeffrey S. Olson Title Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer February 14, 2023 s Mark Langer Name Mark Langer Title Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322certofceoandcfo-.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Urban Edge Properties, hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Urban Edge Properties LP fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Urban Edge Properties LP. 
 February 14, 2023 s Jeffrey S. Olson Name Jeffrey S. Olson Title Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of registrant February 14, 2023 s Mark Langer Name Mark Langer Title Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of registrant 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ue-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ue-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ue-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ue-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 ue-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

