<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1652561_0001493152-23-009895.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5823817</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133391</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1390853</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1673766</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1083368</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1399758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009895.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331063833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DSwiss Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				474215595
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-208083
		FILM NUMBER:		23783111

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 18-11, 18-12 & 18-01, TOWER A,
		STREET 2:		VERTICAL BUSINESS SUITE, BANGSAR SOUTH,
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			59200
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(603)2770-4032

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 18-11, 18-12 & 18-01, TOWER A,
		STREET 2:		VERTICAL BUSINESS SUITE, BANGSAR SOUTH,
		CITY:			KUALA LUMPUR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			59200

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009895.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
The Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , , , , . 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
phone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

YES
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

The
aggregate market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing bid price of the
Company s common stock, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 

t
Applicable 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 

t
Applicable 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 
 
 Common
 Stock, .0001 par value 

DSwiss,
Inc. 

 FORM
10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 Index 

Page
 # 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 27 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 28 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 

SIGNATURES 
 29 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather
are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

The
 availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

Economic,
 competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

Changes
 or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 

Actions
 taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial
 and other governmental authorities; 

Competition
 in our industry; 

The
 loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

Changes
 in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

The
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 

Other
 risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. 

This
report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
The forward-looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration
of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change
in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. 

Use
of Defined Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to: 

The
 Company, we, us, or our, DSwiss are references to DSwiss, Inc.,
 a Nevada corporation. 

Common
 Stock refers to the common stock, par value .0001, of the Company; 

U.S.
 dollar, and US refer to the legal currency of the United States; 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

DSwiss,
Inc., a Nevada corporation the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 28, 2015. 

DSwiss,
Inc. operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, DSwiss Holding Limited, a Company organized under the laws of Seychelles. 

The
principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries is to supply high-quality health and beauty products, including beverages to assist
in weight management, anti-aging products, and immune system products designed to improve the overall health system in our body. 

We
have currently conducted our business through DSwiss Sdn Bhd, a private limited liability company, incorporated in Malaysia. DSwiss Holding
Limited, incorporated in Seychelles is an investment holding company with 100 equity interest in DSwiss (HK) Limited, a company incorporated
in Hong Kong, which subsequent hold 100 equity interest in DSwiss Sdn. Bhd. We have invested in DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd., a Company
incorporated in Malaysia and owned a 40 equity interest. 

The
Company, through its subsidiaries and its variable interest entities VIEs ), mainly supplies high quality beauty products.
Details of the Company s subsidiaries: 

Company name 
 Place and date of incorporation 
 Particulars of issued capital 
 Principal activities 
 Proportional of ownership interest and voting power held 
 
 1. 
 DSwiss Holding Limited 
 Seychelles, May 28, 2015 
 1 share of ordinary share of US 1 each 
 Investment holding 
 100 

2. 
 DSwiss (HK) Limited 
 Hong Kong, May 28, 2015 
 1 share of ordinary share of HK 1 each 
 Supply of beauty products 
 100 

3. 
 DSwiss Sdn Bhd 
 Malaysia, March 10, 2011 
 2 shares of ordinary share of RM 1 each 
 Supply of beauty products 
 100 

4. 
 DSwiss Biotech Sdn Bhd (1) (2) 
 Malaysia, March 17, 2016 
 250,000 shares of ordinary share of RM 1 each 
 Supply of biotech products 
 40 

(1) 
 Based
on the contractual arrangements between the Company and other investors, the Company has the power to direct the relevant activities
of this entity unilaterally, and hence the Company has control over this entity. 

(2) 
 On
 January 18, 2023, DSwiss (HK) Limited acquired 150,000 shares, representing 60 equity interest in DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd., from
 the other party with consideration of RM 1. After such acquisition, DSwiss Biotech Sdn.
 Bhd. became a wholly owned subsidiary of DSwiss (HK) Limited. 

Business
Overview 

One
of the leading one-stop Turnkey Private Label ODM/OEM service provider, DSwiss is a premier biotech nutraceutical
firm that offers premium healthcare, skincare, and personal care products. At DSwiss, we procure excellent and precise formulation using
the finest natural ingredients, developing effective solutions with alluring favours in a variety of forms. DSwiss addresses a distinct
demand in the market for a manufacturer who could ensure the quality of the ingredient sources and offer efficient one-stop service from
raw material, product development, manufacturing and packaging. 

Since
our founding, we have experienced tremendous growth in Malaysia. We offer exceptional lifestyle solutions to consumers all over the world
thanks to our over 10 years of continuous innovation and work in the health and beauty business. Our company s Chief Executive
Officer, Vincent Leong has led it with a strong hand, and as a result, our products are now consumed around the world, such as Malaysia,
Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Australia, Taiwan, Macau, and China. With the help of our distributors, we have so far extended throughout
Asia, and we are adamant about extending our geographic reach into untapped markets. 

With
a team of professionals at the helm, DSwiss is assured of providing the best products and attending client s needs from consultations
to products. To fulfil customer needs, we carry out research and development based on our philosophy of creating beauty, health,
and the ecosystem . Our cutting-edge research and development team has always been exploring new product lines and integrating
the most recent science and technology, which will enable us to produce more evidence-based, high-value added formulations and products
and maintain our competitive position in the market. 

2 

With
our extensive years of expertise in the OEM and ODM services industry, we offer comprehensive solutions to our customers. In addition
to business consultancy, DSwiss offers useful guidance on current market trends as we all as marketing solutions and support to assist
our clients business endeavours. Versatility and reliability are evidently the driving principles behind DSwiss, who manufactures
products using high-grade ingredients and materials at every stage of research, development, and production. 

As
advocates of natural and high-quality active ingredients, we actively seek for and select the best ingredients, as we are dedicated to
adhering to policies under rigorous quality control and assurance criteria, thereby maximizing the safety and efficacy of our products.
We dedicate ourselves to maintaining the highest standard in our products in order to provide assurance and a continual commitment to
producing high-quality products in accordance with the strict specifications and guidelines specified out by Ministry of Health MOH Malaysia. Each step of production process has quality control built in and implemented. We guarantee the highest quality product using
precise production techniques and specialised equipment, promising ongoing improvements and enhancements based on customer feedback.
DSwiss takes pride in offering the best results in customisable solutions for health supplements and beauty product manufacturing. 

Talent
Development in Diverse Expertise 

DSwiss
has assembled a strong team and strategic partners of manufacturing and R D facilities across the world to meet the need for the
most cost-effective and high-quality product and service. DSwiss embraces every new opportunity as an incentive to forge a partnership
with its customers by working with them to develop and produce their customised unique formulation. 

In
the previous year, we expanded our professional team of nutritionists, scientists, laboratory technicians, customer relationship executives,
operation teams, and graphic designer. This team collaborates to manufacture innovative natural health and beauty products with the best
ingredients and formulas while adhering to legal standards. To strengthen the product s unique selling point, our committed team
works together both internally and with our clients to create concept, packaging and product graphics that are exceptionally inventive
and creative. 

Currently,
we are carrying out our future plan from the previous year in Talent and Product Development, which involves studying and developing
new formulas to the market. Market analysis literature research and product testing for overall efficacy and compliance with JAKIM Halal
and Malaysian Ministry of Health criteria are all necessary for such development. Our professionals manage the entire process, including
the sourcing of raw materials, production, quality control, stability and safety test, lab testing by third-party labs, packaging and
shipping. 

With
our experience and knowledge, we have further increased our ODM/OEM clientele in 2022 and have also improve our brand s recognition
within the sector. Today, manufacturers must possess more specialised knowledge, R D experience, and cutting-edge technologies due
to the rapidly increasing demand for high-quality products. Our goal at DSwiss is to be a solid and trustworthy service provider and
partner for individuals who are dedicated to the success of their brands of health and beauty products. 

Moving
forward, the development of DSwiss will continue to be fuelled by our future goal of becoming the global pioneer in healthcare and skincare/personal
care brand manufacturer. Whilst DSwiss has always prioritized in expanding business within Asia, we definitely intend to eventually take
our brand worldwide. With the mission of being the world s leading biotechnology firm for health and beauty, we strive to lead
the industry with innovative technologies, one-stop solution of manufacturing, creative packaging and exceptional customer service. 

3 

Our
ODM/OEM Services 

Overview 

We
 are Turnkey Private Label Manufacturing Services provider for nutraceutical and skincare/
 personal care ODM/OEM products. 

Provides
 a one-stop services ranges from research and development of custom formulation, manufacturing
 and production, packaging and shipping including import and export and all licenses needed.
 We also provide premium services, strict lab testing and quality control, with efficient
 production 
 
 Our
 professionals provide custom formulation that are scientifically-proven and naturally-effective,
 high-value added formulations and products 
 
 Our
 production facilities are in compliance with national and international standards including
 GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices), HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point), JAKIM
 Halal, ISO and MESTI. 

Consultation 

With
the experiences working with different clients, we have experienced tremendous growth. We provide helpful assistance on how to manage
a successful and efficient business in all areas, as well as advice on the most recent market trends and best practices. We offer excellent
marketing solutions and support in addition to business consultancy to help with your business endeavors. 

Unique
Customised Formulations and Ingredient Sourcing 

Our
innovative in-house R D team will perform comprehensive study to provide specialized formula and individualized services. Only the
best ingredients and resources sourced and chosen from reliable vendors. In order to maximize the security and efficiency of our products,
we are dedicated to adhering to stringent quality control and assurance criteria. 

4 

Design
and Packaging 

Our
committed teams work together both internally and externally with clients to create inventive packaging and product visuals that will
strengthen the unique selling points. 

In
accordance with the standards established by the Ministry of Health, our services include consultation on packaging (text, label and
graphics), the sustainability of the packaging materials, product stability, and shelf life 

Regulatory
Service 

In
order for your product to efficiently launch on the market, our knowledgeable and committed team of regulatory specialists will assist
with various documentations and applications from Ministry of Health (Malaysia), HALAL (Malaysia) and other regulatory bodies. 

5 

Production
and Quality Assurance 

Our
products are subjected to stringent quality and safety control that adheres to our GMP requirements. We make every effort to guarantee
that finished products and raw materials are tested promptly and according to our internal laboratory s standards. Based on the
needs of our customers, our well-equipped factory has a variety of machines that can produce a variety of dosage forms and containers. 

 Each
procedure has quality control built in and used. We guarantee that our clients receive the highest quality goods and services while constantly
making improvements and additions thanks to our exact production methods and specialized equipment. 

Logistics
 Delivery 

We
take pride in offering comprehensive service. Our team makes sure that every product is delivered on time and in the finest condition
possible. 

6 

Products
and Formulations 

Functional
Food 

Functional
food, also known as nutraceuticals are foods that provide positive health effects beyond basic nutrition. For instance, with additional
benefits such as promoting body function, reduce the risk of disease, and overall health improvement. 

Fortified
 with nutrients, minerals, vitamins and bioactive compounds that promote good health including
 avoid nutritional deficiencies, maintain intake of adequate nutrients, and maintain good
 physiological functions. 
 
 Our
 experienced and professional food technologies and scientist team would formulate the food
 supplement in which they come in different forms (powder, liquid, chewable tablets, jellies,
 tea-bags, capsules and gummies). 
 
 Aims
 to formulate with natural, effective, proprietary standardized extracts and scientifically
 proven ingredients. 

Skincare
Products 

Skincare
 products are essential to fulfil people s pursuit of beauty with a range of practices
 that enhances and care for skin integrity, conditions and appearance. 

7 

Experienced
 R D team aims to formulate with effective ingredients that are naturally effective and
 scientifically-proven to possess beautifying functions; and at the same time safe with the
 use of appropriate type and amount. For example, free from banned substances, heavy metals
 and allergens. 
 
 Able
 to provides skincare product in various forms like serum, toner, cleanser, essence, cream,
 facial mask, gel, lotion to meet specialized needs. 

Personal
Care Products 

Personal
 care products describe a range of consumable products intended to maintain personal hygiene,
 personal grooming or for beautification purposes. Such products include cosmetics, shower
 gel, shampoo, soap, scrub, exfoliant, toothpaste, gel, sunscreen, conditioner and lotion. 
 
 The
 application of personal care products can be used any intended body parts such as skin, nails,
 hair, lips, oral or external genital organs. 
 
 Can
 be introduced: rubbed, poured, sprinkled, sprayed, or directly applied in order to cleanse,
 beautifying, altering appearance or maintain personal hygiene like protect from germs, prevent
 bad odor, and keep in good condition. 

Pet-Care
Products 

8 

Adhering
 to the philosophy of equality of life, we ventured into the sector of pet-care products with
 the aim to provides comprehensive care to beloved pets with the intention to improve pet s
 quality of life. 
 
 Provides
 pet supplements as defined substance for oral consumption by pet, whether in or on feed or
 offered separately with nutrients provision, relieve health conditions. . For instance, boosting
 overall health and energy, enhances immunity, reduce risk of illness and age-related conditions,
 and to improve performance and mental activities. Also provides pet-care products including
 pet shampoo intended to hygiene, grooming and beautification. 
 
 Customized
 formulation that are suitable for specific needs of pets requirement such as mild and gentle
 to sensitive animal s skin that are different from a human, but at the same time effective
 to address health issues or to improve conditions. 

Trademark 

The
Company owned several trademark registers under its subsidiaries in respective jurisdiction of which the subsidiary is operates. 

Cambodia 
 
 Malaysia 
 
 Singapore 
 
 China 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 India 
 
 Myanmar 
 
 Vietnam 
 
 EUIPO 

Future
Plan 

Marketing
Campaign and Publicity Enhancement 

The
Company is actively seeking opportunity to increase the market share of beauty and health industry locally and overseas, which requires
continuous spending on marketing campaign primarily via social media and other online e-commerce platform which already in place currently
to ensure the company product exposure and brand awareness. 

Future
marketing campaign and publicity enhancement will be conduct thru but not limited to following: 

1. 
 Work
 closely with Professional biotech and life sciences partner to straighten our advantages. 

2. 
 Work
 closely with new retail tech partner to increase our sales and exposure. 

3. 
 Providing
 the complete provider solution in biotechnology, nutraceutical, skincare for turnkey private label manufacturing services 

Human
Resources and Talent Development 

Taking
into consideration of the aforementioned development, the company is well aware that with existing manpower is far from sufficient to
the materialization of future plan, thus spending on human resources and talent development is inevitable, including but not limited
to internal admin and operation, sales and marketing, accounting and finance as well as top management. 

Merger
and Acquisition 

The
Company is actively seeking opportunity to merge and acquire potential target company to derive extraordinary synergies in multiple segments
but limited to healthcare, bio-technology, beauty slimming and wellness, food science and related industries. The management believe
that organic growth itself is incapable of coping with the expectation of shareholders in the current dynamic business environment, thus
via merger and acquisition the Company can create greater value to every stakeholder not limited to shareholders. 

9 

Marketing 

We
recognise the growing trend of social media and because of that, the management had decided to place a higher priority on social media
for our marketing strategy. Coupled with the extensive networks we had built since our inception, the nature of our job has become easier
and efficient to reach out to our clients. But, perhaps the most imperative to our success is the ability to connect with our customers
and receive their feedback directly. From the feedback we received, we can understand our customer s demands better and make further
improvements. As a result, our customers base has been growing exponentially and resulted in a robust brand image of our company. 

Competition 

The
beauty and healthcare industry are highly competitive, we might be in disadvantage competing with competitor who greater reserve or access
to capital than we do to carry out operations and marketing efforts. We hope to maintain our competitive advantage by utilizing the experience,
knowledge, and expertise of our current staff as well as offering exemplary our customer service. Besides, we would like to explore the
functional medicine and homeopathic supplements for complementary health and integrative health market needs. 

Customers 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has generated 1,849,047 revenue from clients under the ordinary course of business of
the Company. The revenue mainly represented OEM/ODM sales of Nutraceutical / Skincare and Medical Consumable Supplies to clients. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has twelve (12) full time employees including Mr. Leong Ming Chia who is our Chief Executive Officer,
director, secretary and treasurer that works full time. 

Currently,
our CEO all have the flexibility to work on our business up to 70 hours per week, but are prepared to devote more time if necessary. 

We
do not presently have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing, or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt
plans in the future. There are presently no personal benefits available to our Officers, Directors or employees. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may include business licensing requirements,
income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business is not subject to special regulatory and supervisory
requirements. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

10 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office is located at Unit 18-11, 18-12 18-01, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No.
8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. This location has been rented by DSwiss Sdn Bhd for a 24-month period from January
1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, for an initial deposit of MYR 67,200 and additional monthly payments in the amount of MYR 16,800 over the
course of the lease. The office lease is ending on December 31, 2023. 

In
July 2018, the Company obtained a loan in the principal amount of MYR250,000 (approximately 60,479) from Public Bank Berhad, a financial
institution in Malaysia, to finance the acquisition of a motor vehicle. The loan bears interest at the base lending rate less 2.38 per
annum, is payable in 83 monthly instalments of MYR3,473 (approximately 840) each and a final monthly instalment of MYR3,391 (approximately
 820) and matures in June 2025. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has an outstanding loan to be settle for aforementioned acquisition of motor vehicle of MYR104,108
(approximately 23,577), of which MYR 41,676 (approximately 9,438) to be settled in 12 instalments in year 2023 and MYR62,432 (approximately
 14,139) to be settled in 18 instalments after year 2023. 

In
December 2021, the Company had obtained another loan financing in the principal amount of MYR180,000 (approximately 43,134) from Public
Bank Berhad, a financial institution in Malaysia, to finance the acquisition of a motor vehicle. The loan bears interest at the base
lending rate less 2.04 per annum, is payable in 60 monthly instalments of MYR3,306 (approximately 792) each and matures in December
2026. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has an outstanding loan to be settle for aforementioned acquisition of motor vehicle of MYR155,382
(approximately 35,189), of which MYR39,672 (approximately 8,985) to be settled in 12 instalments in year 2023 and MYR115,710 (approximately
 26,205) to be settled in 35 instalments after year 2023. 

Loan
acquired for the acquisition of motor vehicle mentioned above are denominated in MYR, of which subjected to the fluctuation in reporting
currency. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
There are currently no pending legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. None of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or
has a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol DQWS. 

Trading
in stocks quoted on the OTC Pink is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may
have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our common
stock in the future. 

For
the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock based on inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

11 

Fiscal
Year 2022 
 Highest Bid 
 Lowest Bid 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.25 
 0.10 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.29 
 0.13 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.29 
 0.10 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.29 
 0.08 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 206,904,585 shares of our Common Stock par value, .0001 issued and outstanding. There were 428 beneficial
owners of our Common Stock. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent for our capital stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18, Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598 and telephone
number is +1 (212)828-8436. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security
that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition
of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000, or annual
incomes exceeding 200,000 individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). 

For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock
and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must
have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced
securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s
financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that
there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors 
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

Any
future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare
or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our board of directors
currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Currently,
there is no equity compensation plan in place. 

12 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

Currently,
there is no unregistered sales of equity securities. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

Certain
statements in this Report constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements, which involve risks
and uncertainties, regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategy, (c)
anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans, and (e) our anticipated needs for, and use of, working capital. They
are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, potential, project, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, or the negative of these
words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. 

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities
laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which
the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Overview 

DSwiss,
Inc., a Nevada corporation the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 28, 2015. DSwiss
Holding Limited owns 100 of DSwiss (HK) Limited, a Hong Kong Company, which owns 100 of DSwiss Sdn Bhd, the operating Malaysia Company
of which is described below. In 2016, DSwiss (HK) Limited invested in DSwiss Biotech Sdn Bhd, incorporated in Malaysia, and owned 40 
equity interest. We have incorporated a new company namely DSwiss International Trading (Shenzhen) Limited in China, with 100 equity
interest owned by DSwiss (HK) Limited. On November 9, 2020, DSwiss International Trading (Shenzhen) Limited was officially deregistered. 

Our
Company is a beauty supply company formed with the goal of supplying high quality beauty products directly to our clients. Our beauty
supplies include, but are not limited to, beverages to assist in burning and reducing fat, anti-aging creams, and products designed to
improve the overall health and physical appearance of our clients. Currently we supply our products in Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia,
Hong Kong and China. However, we have intentions to expand to Myanmar, Macau, Vietnam and Cambodia, and subsequent to that we will make
efforts to expand throughout the world a premier biotech-nutraceutical company, supplying high-quality health and beauty products, including
beverages to assist in weight management, anti-aging creams, and products designed to improve the overall health system in our body. 

At
this time, we operate exclusively online through our website: http://www.dswissbeauty.com/ 

Our
Company continuously strives to improve the already high standard of our goods and services through ongoing research and market development.
We are going to penetrate into South East Asia markets through the recruitment of distributors and via the social media like Facebook
and Instagram. We foresee to spend a substantial amount in marketing and advertising in the coming year. At DSwiss we are determined
to bring new products to markets that we have not yet explored. 

13 

Products
which meet the definition of a functional food and cosmetics related products need to be registered or notified with the Drug Control
Authority (DCA), Ministry of Health Malaysia. Manufacturing, marketing, importation and the sale of unregistered products is a violation
of the Drug Control Regulations and Cosmetics Act 1984 of Malaysia and enforcement action can be taken. 

At
DSwiss, research and development is an ongoing effort whose purpose is to ensure our products on the forefront of quality and effectiveness.
Equipped with state-of-the-art machinery, our innovative research and development team are constantly exploring on new development and
product lines that will enable us to provide the highest quality standard and remain competitive in the industry. 

DSwiss s
products are certified and approved by the Ministry of Health MOH Malaysia. Due to the stringent requirements from MOH
Malaysia, we strive to upkeep the highest possible standard in our products to provide assurance and as a prove of our continuing commitment
to providing quality products. 

We
always strive to offer products as high quality as possible, and hope that this assurance from an esteemed regulatory body will also
serve to prove our continuing commitment to providing quality goods. 

DSwiss
have own brand Quantum Resonant Magnetic Analyzer which is DSwiss Quantum Resonant Magnetic Analyzer. DSwiss Quantum Resonant Magnetic
Analyzer is a Hi-tech innovation project, which is related to medical, bio-informatics, electronic engineering, etc. It is based on quantum
medical, and scientifically analyzes the human cell s weak magnetic field collected by advanced electronic device. The analyzer
can work out the customer s health situation and main problem. According to the checking result, the analyzer can figure out the
reasonable treatment recommendation. The quantum resonant magnetic analyzer is the individualized guide of comprehensive healthy consulting
and updated healthy sciences, and its characteristics and advantages are comprehensive, non-invasive, practical, simple, quick, economical
and easy to popularize. We can see DSwiss Quantum Resonant Magnetic Analyzer can help our customers to more concern about their health
and skin condition. 

Our
expected growth is planned to occur primarily through the implementation of our social media marketing strategy. DSwiss already has a
strong relationship with social media (eg. Facebook, Instagram and Wechat). The global presence social media has helped provide to us
has been an invaluable resource, and as we continue to expand our business operations and spread our brand awareness, we intend to primarily
utilize social media to reach our customers. The benefits of social media are countless, but perhaps the most imperative to our future
success is our ability to connect with customers directly, to receive their feedback almost instantaneously. On that note, the feedback
we have received from our clients has been overwhelmingly positive, which has helped us to create a robust brand image. 

While
DSwiss has been focused almost exclusively upon pursuing operations within Asia, we do have plans to expand outward and become a household
name across the world. Our strategy to do so going forward is by forming partnerships with local companies in various countries that
may be willing to stock our products or promote them to their own customers. We believe that by forging strategic relationships and partnerships
we can expand our operations across the globe at a greater pace and with greater certainty than we would if we tried to expand on our
own. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
Company generated revenue of 1,849,047 and 1,958,655 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. Revenue has decreased
by 109,608 which is a 5.6 decrease comparatively, which is due to the losses in foreign currency translation. The revenue mainly
represented OEM/ODM sales of Nutraceutical and Skincare Supplies to the customers. 

Cost
of Revenue and Gross Margin 

Cost
of revenue for the Company year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 1,404,054 as compared to 1,459,531 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease of 55,477 in cost of revenue was in line with the decrease in revenue. As a result, the gross profit has decreased
from 499,124 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 444,993 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

14 

Gross
margin of the Company has decreased from 25.48 in year ended December 31, 2021 to 24.06 in year ended December 31, 2022, which is a
net decrease of 1.42 . 

Cost
of revenue comprise of freight-in, cost of goods purchased and packing material cost. 

Operating
Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 402,412 and 308,686 respectively, the
increase of 93,726 which is 30.36 higher comparatively which was contributed by the increase of group operations. 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 1,303 and 1,464 respectively, the decrease of 161 which is 10.99 
lower comparatively. 

Other
Income 

The
Company recorded an amount of 4,823 and 8,390 as other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. This income
is derived from the interest income earned and exchange gain. 

Net
Profit and Net Profit Margin 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,937 as compared to 150,102 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in
net profit of 153,039 was resulted from the decrease in revenue and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. Taking into
the profit for the year ended December 31, 2022, the accumulated loss for the Company has increased from 1,309,711 to 1,324,002. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had working capital surplus of 16,426 consisting of cash and cash equivalent of 214,269 as compared to working
capital deficit of 10,674 and our cash and cash equivalent of 234,546 as of December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash generated from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 22,428 as compared to net cash generated from operating
activities of 251,691 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash generated from operating activities are mainly resulted
from the decrease in operating profit. 

Net
cash used in investing activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 14,376 as compared to net cash used in investing activity for
the year ended, 2021 were 62,075. The cash used in investing activities are mainly for purchase of plant and equipment. 

Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 53,955 as compared to net cash used in financing activities
 78,951 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net cash used in financing activities are mainly for the repayment to a director of
Company. 

The
revenues generated from our current business operations alone was sufficient to fund our operations or planned growth. However, we will
consider acquiring additional funding to continue to operate our business, and to further expand our business. Sources of additional
capital through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or
revolving credit facilities. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all,
and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. Our inability to raise additional funds when required may have a negative
impact on our operations, business development and financial results. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Leases 

The
company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating in operating lease right-of-use ROU as assets, operating lease non-current liabilities, and operating lease current liabilities in our consolidated balance
sheet. Finance leases are property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance
sheet. 

15 

ROU
assets represent the right to use an asset for the lease term and lease liability represent the obligation to make lease payment arising
from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over lease term. As most of the leases doesn t provide an implicit rate. The company generally use the incremental borrowing
rate on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The
operating ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payment is recognized
on a straight -line basis over lease term. The Company adopted Public Bank Berhad s base rate lending rate as a reference for discount
rate. 

Leases
that transfer substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership to the lessee, other than legal title, are accounted for as finance
leases. Substantially all of the risks or benefits of ownership are deemed to have been transferred if any one of the four criteria is
met: (i) transfer of ownership to the lessee at the end of the lease term, (ii) the lease containing a bargain purchase option, (iii)
the lease term exceeding 75 of the estimated economic life of the leased asset, (iv) the present value of the minimum lease payments
exceeding 90 of the fair value. At the inception of a finance lease, the Company as the lessee records an asset and an obligation at
an amount equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments. The leased asset is amortized over the shorter of the lease term
or its estimated useful life if title does not transfer to the Company, while the leased asset is depreciated in accordance with the
Company s depreciation policy if the title is to eventually transfer to the Company. The periodic rent payments made during the
lease term are allocated between a reduction in the obligation and interest element using the effective interest method in accordance
with the provisions of ASC Topic 835-30, Imputation of Interest . 

Use
of estimates 

In
preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities in the balance sheets, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions
and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Revenue
recognition 

In
accordance with the Accounting Standard Codification Topic 605 Revenue Recognition ASC 605 ), the Company
recognizes revenue when the following four criteria are met: (1) delivery has occurred or services rendered; (2) persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists; (3) there are no continuing obligations to the customer; and (4) the collection of related accounts receivable
is probable. 

Revenue
is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of discounts and taxes applicable to the revenue. 

Revenue
from supplies of beauty products is recognized when title and risk of loss are transferred and there are no continuing obligations to
the customer. Title and the risks and rewards of ownership transfer to and accepted by the customer when the products are collected by
the customer at the Company s office. Revenue is recorded net of sales discounts, returns, allowances, and other adjustments that
are based upon management s best estimates and historical experience and are provided for in the same period as the related revenues
are recorded. Based on limited operating history, management estimates that there was no sale return for the period reported. 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues includes the purchase cost of retail goods for re-sale to customers and the packing materials (such as boxes). It excludes
purchasing and receiving costs, inspection costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer costs and other costs of distribution network
in cost of revenues. 

16 

Shipping
and handling fees 

Shipping
and handling fees, if billed to customers, are included in revenue. Shipping and handling fees associated with inbound and outbound freight
are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. 

Shipping
and handling fees are expensed as incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 63 while for the year ended December 31, 2021
were 2,876. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses are primarily comprised of travelling and accommodation fees such as petrol, toll and parking and
shipping and handling fees. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions
and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Inventories 

Inventories
consisting of products available for sell, are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost of inventory is determined using the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory reserve is recorded to write down the cost of inventory to the estimated market value due
to slow-moving merchandise and damaged goods, which is dependent upon factors such as historical and forecasted consumer demand, and
promotional environment. The Company takes ownership, risks and rewards of the products purchased. Write downs are recorded in cost of
revenues in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 

Property
and equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Depreciation of plant, equipment and software are calculated
on the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives or lease terms generally as follows: 

Classification 
 Estimated useful lives 
 
 Computer and software 
 5 years 
 
 Furniture and Fittings 
 5 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 10 years 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 5 years 

Intangible
assets 

Intangible
assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Intangible assets represented the registration costs of trademarks in Malaysia
and Hong Kong which are amortized on a straight-line basis over a useful life of ten years. 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 350 in accounting for intangible assets, which requires impairment losses to be recorded when indicators of
impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the assets are less than the assets carrying
amounts. There were no impairment losses recorded on intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Income
taxes 

Income
taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ).
Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

17 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company conducts major businesses in Malaysia. The Company is subject to tax in these jurisdictions. As a result of its business activities,
the Company will file tax returns that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authority. 

The
Company did not have any unrecognized tax positions or benefits and there was no effect on the financial conditions or results of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021. The Company and its subsidiary are subject to local and various
foreign tax jurisdictions. The Company s tax returns remain open subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions. 

Net
profit per share 

The
Company calculates net profit per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260 Earnings per share . Basic profit per share is
computed by dividing the net profit by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted profit per
share is computed similar to basic profit per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common
shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares
were dilutive. 

Foreign
currencies translation 

Transactions
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing
at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated
into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded
in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 

The
reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars US and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed
in US . In addition, the Company s subsidiaries and VIEs in Malaysia, Hong Kong and China maintains their books and record in their
local currency, Ringgits Malaysia MYR ), Hong Kong Dollars HK and Chinese Renminbi RMB respectively, which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates. 

In
general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US are translated into
US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance
sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation
of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the
statements of stockholders equity. 

Translation
of amounts from MYR into US 1, HK into US 1 and RMB into US 1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods: 

As of and for the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Year-end MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.42 
 4.17 
 
 Year-average MYR : US 1 exchange rate 
 4.41 
 4.13 
 
 Year-end HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.81 
 7.80 
 
 Year-average HK : US 1 exchange rate 
 7.83 
 7.78 
 
 Year-end RMB : US 1 exchange rate 
 6.92 
 6.46 
 
 Year-average RMB : US 1 exchange rate 
 6.75 
 6.45 

18 

Related
parties 

Parties,
which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Companies are also
considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Fair
value of financial instruments: 

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and
amount due to a director approximate at their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

The
Company also follows the guidance of the ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ),
with respect to financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
 2: Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates
are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

FASB
issues various Accounting Standards Updates relating to the treatment and recording of certain accounting transactions. On June 10, 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic
915) Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic
810, Consolidation , which eliminates the concept of a development stage entity (DSE) entirely from current accounting guidance.
The Company has elected adoption of this standard, which eliminates the designation of DSEs and the requirement to disclose results of
operations and cash flows since inception. 

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

In May 2019, the FASB issued ASU
2019-05, which is an update to ASU Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments, which introduced the expected credit losses methodology for the measurement of credit losses on financial assets
measured at amortized cost basis, replacing the previous incurred loss methodology. The amendments in Update 2016-13 added Topic 326,
Financial Instruments Credit Losses, and made several consequential amendments to the Codification. The amendments in this Update
address those stakeholders concerns by providing an option to irrevocably elect the fair value option for certain financial assets
previously measured at amortized cost basis. For those entities, the targeted transition relief will increase comparability of financial
statement information by providing an option to align measurement methodologies for similar financial assets. Furthermore, the targeted
transition relief also may reduce the costs for some entities to comply with the amendments in Update 2016-13 while still providing financial
statement users with decision-useful information. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, which to update the effective date
of ASU No. 2016-13 for private companies, not-for-profit organizations and certain smaller reporting companies applying for credit losses,
leases, and hedging standard. The new effective date for these preparers is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. ASU 2019-05
is effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning January 1, 2023 as the Company is qualified as a smaller
reporting company. The Company is currently evaluating the impact ASU 2019-05 may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by this item are located in PART IV of this Annual Report. 

19 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosures
Control and Procedures 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of
directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on
such evaluation, the Company s management concluded that, during the period covered by this Report, internal controls and procedures
over were not effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial
reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

Identified
Material Weakness 

A
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that
results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Management
identified the following material weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

1. 
 We
 do not have Written Policies Procedures Due to lack of written policies and procedures for accounting and financial
 reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines, the Company did not establish a formal
 process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions and thus failed to properly record the Private Placement or disclose
 such transactions in its SEC filings in a timely manner. 

20 

2. 
 We
 do not have adequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment Lack of segregation of duties and effective
 risk assessment may cause the Company to face the likelihood of fraud or theft, due to poor oversight, governance and review to detect
 errors. 

Accordingly,
the Company concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by COSO. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

1. 
 We
 plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical
 accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. The accounting personnel is responsible for reviewing
 the financing activities, facilitate the approval of the financing, record the information regarding the financing, and submit SEC
 filing related documents to our legal counsel in order to comply with the filing requirements of SEC. 

2. 
 We
 plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our
 books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions. 

3. 
 We
 intend to add staff members to our management team for making sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
 and submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and will the staff members
 will have segregated responsibilities with regard to these responsibilities. 

We
anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the end of fiscal year 2022. 

Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting 

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Report, which has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting: 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

21 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officer s and director s and their respective ages as of the date hereof are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Leong
 Ming Chia 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Wong
 Sui Ting 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five
years. 

Leong
Ming Chia - President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Mr.
Leong achieved an Advanced Diploma of Microelectronics Physics from TAR College in 2003 as well as a Bachelor s Degree of
Microelectronics Physics from Campbell University in 2005. In 2007 Mr. Leong joined Tradenex, which is a subsidiary of the Federation
of Malaysian Manufacturers, as part of their sales and marketing department. Mr Leong was responsible for developing a marketing plan,
overseeing the execution and evaluating the results across B2B, B2C and retail sales channels in order to enable inter-enterprise connectivity,
communication and collaboration along the business value chain. From March 2009 onward Mr. Leong was appointed as a committee member
of Cross Border Business Association in Hong Kong, promoting cross border trade and opportunities. Since January 2012 Mr. Leong joined
DSwiss Sdn Bhd as a Business Development Advisor where Mr Leong developed a set of marketing tool and is bringing the company from traditional
sales model to e-commerce model. In September 2015, Mr. Leong was also appointed as the chief executive officer and director of the Company. 

On
May 31, 2017, upon the resignation of Mr. Chua Lee Yee resignation as a Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director, Mr.
Leong has taken over the position as a Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and treasurer along with existing position as the Chief Executive
Officer, President and Director. 

Mr.
Leong s experience in the marketing and business development have led the Board of Director to reach the conclusion that he should
serve as a Director of the Company. 

Wong
Sui Ting - Director 

Mr.
Wong serves as a Director in the Company. Mr. Wong holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting) from Monash University since year 1995.
Also, he is an Associate Member of Malaysia Institute of Accountancy (MIA, Chartered Accountant) since 1999 and CPA Australia since 1998.
Mr. Wong co-founded Qinetics Solutions Sdn Bhd in 2000 and acts as Chief Financial Officer since the establishment. He was tasked with
overseeing and managing the overall financial affairs and operations of Qinetics, playing an active role in corporate decisions and strategies.
In 2011, Mr. Wong co-founded and acts as Chief Executive Officer of Forum Digital Sdn Bhd. His responsibility in the company is to oversee
the operation and in charge of business development of the company. 

Mr.
Wong s experience in accounting and the financial industry, as well as his knowledge of business development, has led the Board
of director to reach the conclusion that he should serve as the director of the Company. On May 31, 2017, Mr. Wong was appointed as the
director of the Company. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in
other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations.
The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers
and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company review the Company s internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

22 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our
Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believes that it is not necessary to have such
committees, at this time, because the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term
is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14)
of the FINRA Rules. 

We
believe that our Director(s) are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and
procedures for financial reporting. The Director(s) of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because
management believes that the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that
retaining an independent Director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome
and is not warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash
flows from operations to date. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
Directors and our Executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 bankruptcy
 petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the
 bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
 
 2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 
 
 3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; or 
 
 4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
 violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 
 
 5. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
 securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 
 
 6. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not
 been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 7. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities
 law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited
 to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
 order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with
 any business entity; or 
 
 8. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that
 has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and
determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal,
business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand
in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

23 

Shareholder
Proposals 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors.
The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President,
at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the executive officers who served
at the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, for services rendered in all capacities to us. 

Summary
Compensation Table: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Period 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 Option Awards
 ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Leong
 Ming Chia, Chief Executive Officer, 
 For the year
 ended December 31, 2022 
 27,240 
 5,675 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,279 
 37,194 
 
 President,
 Secretary, Treasurer, Director (1) 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2021 
 29,024 
 12,093 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,836 
 56,953 

Wong
 Sui Ting, 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director
 (2) 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 On
 September 8, 2015 Leong Ming Chia was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of our Board of Directors. On May
 31, 2017, upon the resignation of Chua Lee Yee from the position of Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director, Leong
 Ming Chia replaced Chua Lee Yee as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the company. 
 
 (2) 
 On
 May 31, 2015 Wong Sui Ting was appointed as a member of our Board of Director. 

24 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors
and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material
bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers,
except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination
of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

Stock
Option Grants 

We
have not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
table below summarizes all compensation of our directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Period 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 Option Awards
 ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Leong
 Ming Chia, Chief Executive Officer, 
 For the year
 ended December 31, 2022 
 27,240 
 5,675 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,279 
 37,194 
 
 President,
 Secretary, Treasurer, Director (1) 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2021 
 29,024 
 12,093 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,836 
 56,953 

Wong
 Sui Ting, 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director
 (2) 
 For the year ended December
 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 On
 September 8, 2015 Leong Ming Chia was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of our Board of Directors. On May
 31, 2017, upon the resignation of Chua Lee Yee from the position of Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director, Leong
 Ming Chia replaced Chua Lee Yee as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the company. 
 
 (2) 
 On
 May 31, 2015 Wong Sui Ting was appointed as a member of our Board of Director. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors. 

25 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Director
Compensation 

Presently
only Leong Ming Chia receives fee for his service as a member of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in
the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which
awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive
Compensation Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves
the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services
rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s
performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance
of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance
base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive
Bonus 

The
Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the
Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and
growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability
of such executives. 

Long-term,
Stock Based Compensation 

In
order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award
our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has 206,904,585 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock have been used throughout this report. 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common
stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of
the Company as a group: 

Title of Class 
 Name of beneficial owner (i) 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 

Common Stock 
 Leong Ming Chia (i), (ii), (iii) 
 62,906,493 
 30.40 

Common Stock 
 Wong Sui Ting (ii) 
 50,000 
 0.02 

All of the officers and directors as a group (iv) 
 62,956,493 
 30.42 

5 Shareholders 

Common Stock 
 Greenpro Venture Capital Limited (i) 
 15,159,157 
 7.33 
 
 Common Stock 
 Hew Yuen Foong (i) 
 33,000,000 
 15.95 
 
 Common Stock 
 Teo Jen Jiang (i) 
 44,000,000 
 21.27 
 
 Common Stock 
 Siow Kock Yong (i) 
 32,874,393 
 15.89 

26 

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to
be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares).
In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon
exercise of a n option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided.
In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned
by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the
following table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual voting power at any particular date. 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable
 or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as
 of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including
 shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b)
 the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of the date of this Annual Report (206,904,585
 shares), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless
 otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 
 
 (2) 
 Based
 on the total issued and outstanding shares of 206,904,585 as of the date of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has the following transactions with related party: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 (Audited) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 (Audited) 
 
 Professional Fees: 

- Related party A 
 12,226 
 13,279 

Sales 

- Related party B 
 - 
 374,555 
 
 - Related party C 
 - 
 13,124 
 
 - Related party D 
 24,261 
 11,607 

Total 
 36,487 
 412,565 

The
related party A is a wholly owned subsidiary of a 7.33 shareholder of the Company. 

Founder
 of the Company resigned as director and shareholder of company B on October 02, 2022. 

The
r elated party C s director and shareholder is the founder of the Company. 

The
related party D s director is the founder of the Company. The shareholder of related party D is related party C. 

The
related party transaction is generally transacted in an arm-length basis at the current market value in the normal course of business. 

27 

Review,
Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to
establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so
that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Below
is the aggregate amount of fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal
years. 

For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 24,200 
 16,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 7,500 
 
 Total 
 24,200 
 23,500 

The
category of Audit fees includes fees for our annual audit, quarterly reviews and services rendered in connection with regulatory
filings with the SEC, such as the issuance of comfort letters and consents. 

The
category of Audit-related fees includes employee benefit plan audits, internal control reviews and accounting consultation. 

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board
of directors. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements 

The
following are filed as part of this report: 

Financial
Statements 

The
following financial statements of DSwiss, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are presented in the F 
pages of this Report: 

Page 

Index 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 F-20 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith: 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 
 Bylaws 

31.1 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

As filed in the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 Amendment No.8 (File No. 333-208083) on July 20, 2016. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DSWISS,
 INC. 

(Name
 of Registrant) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Leong Ming Chia 

Title: 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Finance Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Principal
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

29 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Profit/(Loss) 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-20 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of DSwiss, Inc. 

 Unit
18-11, 18-12 18-01, Tower A, 

 Vertical
Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, 

 No.
8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200, Kuala Lumpur, 

 Malaysia 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of DSwiss, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022
and the related statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended of December
31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going
Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, as at December 31, 2022 the Company has suffered an accumulated deficit of 1,324,002. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters also are
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to those charged with governance that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical matters. 

/s/
 JP CENTURION PARTNERS PLT 

(PCAOB: 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

 (Audited) 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables, prepaid expenses, and deposit 

Tax recoverable 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Finance lease liability 

Amount due to a director 
 - 

Operating lease liability 

Current tax liabilities 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Finance lease liability 

Operating lease liability 
 - 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive losses 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL DSWISS, INC. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

 (Audited) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT 

OTHER INCOME 

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

FINANCE COST 

LEASE EXPENSES 

(LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX 

INCOME TAXES PROVISION 

NET (LOSS)/PROFIT 

Non-Controlling Interests 

Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

- Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Net (loss)/profit per share- Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

 (Audited) 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 PAID-IN CAPITAL 
 COMPREHENSIVE GAIN/(LOSS) 
 ACCUMULATED GAINS/(LOSSES) 
 CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 TOTAL EQUITY 

COMMON STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL 
 ACCUMULATED 
 OTHER 
 ACCUMULATED 
 NON- 

Number
 of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 PAID-IN 
 CAPITAL 
 COMPREHENSIVE 
 LOSSES 
 GAINS/ 
 (LOSSES) 
 CONTROLLING 
 INTEREST 
 TOTAL 
 EQUITY 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Shares spinoff adjustment resulted from a stock distribution by a corporate shareholder 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net gain (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

 (Audited) 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

(Loss)/Profit before tax 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)/profit to net cash generated from operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization for intangible assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable 

Inventories 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Reduction in lease liability 

Cash generated from operating activities 

Taxation paid 

Net cash generated from operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITY: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activity 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment to directors 

Advance to related companies 
 - 

Additional of finance lease 
 - 

Repayment of finance lease 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

equity interest in DSwiss (HK) Limited, a company
incorporated in Hong Kong, which subsequent hold equity interest in DSwiss Sdn. Bhd. On August 31, 2015, DSwiss, Inc. was restructured
to be the holding company parent to, and succeed to the operations of, DSwiss Holding Limited. The former unit holder of DSwiss Holding
Limited became the unit holder of DSwiss, Inc. and DSwiss Holding Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of DSwiss, Inc. This transaction
was accounted for as a transaction among entities under common control and the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of DSwiss Holding
Limited were carried over to and combined with DSwiss, Inc. at historical cost, and as if the transfer occurred at the beginning of the
period. Prior periods have been retrospectively adjusted for comparative purposes. 

We
have invested in DSwiss Biotech Sdn Bhd, a Company incorporated in Malaysia, and owned equity interest. 

, 

2. 
 
 , 

3. 
 
 , 

4. 
 (1) (2) 
 , 

(1) 

(2) 
 shares, representing equity interest in DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd., from
 the other party with consideration of RM . After such acquisition, DSwiss Biotech Sdn.
 Bhd. became a wholly owned subsidiary of DSwiss (HK) Limited. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Business
Overview 

One
of the leading one-stop ODM/OEM manufacturing companies, DSwiss is a premier biotech nutraceutical firm that offers premium healthcare,
skincare, and personal care products. At DSwiss, we procure excellent and precise formulation using the finest natural ingredients, developing
effective solutions with alluring favours in a variety of forms. DSwiss addresses a distinct demand in the market for a manufacturer
who could ensure the quality of the ingredient sources and offer efficient one-stop service from raw material, product development, manufacturing
and packaging. 

Since
our founding, we have experienced tremendous growth in Malaysia. We offer exceptional lifestyle solutions to consumers all over the world
thanks to our over 10 years of continuous innovation and work in the health and beauty business. Our company s Chief Executive
Officer, Vincent Leong has led it with a strong hand, and as a result, our products are now consumed around the world, such as Malaysia,
Singapore, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Australia, Taiwan, Macau, and China. With the help of our distributors, we have so far extended throughout
Asia, and we are adamant about extending our geographic reach into untapped markets. 

With
a team of professionals at the helm, DSwiss is assured of providing the best products and attending client s needs from consultations
to products. To fulfil customer needs, we carry out research and development based on our philosophy of creating beauty, health,
and the ecosystem . Our cutting-edge research and development team has always been exploring new product lines and integrating
the most recent science and technology, which will enable us to produce more evidence-based, high-value added formulations and products
and maintain our competitive position in the market. 

With
our extensive years of expertise in the OEM and ODM services industry, we offer comprehensive solutions to our customers. In addition
to business consultancy, DSwiss offers useful guidance on current market trends as we all as marketing solutions and support to assist
our clients business endeavours. Versatility and reliability are evidently the driving principles behind DSwiss, who manufactures
products using high-grade ingredients and materials at every stage of research, development, and production. 

As
advocates of natural and high-quality active ingredients, we actively seek for and select the best ingredients, as we are dedicated to
adhering to policies under rigorous quality control and assurance criteria, thereby maximizing the safety and efficacy of our products.
We dedicate ourselves to maintaining the highest standard in our products in order to provide assurance and a continual commitment to
producing high-quality products in accordance with the strict specifications and guidelines specified out by Ministry of Health MOH Malaysia. Each step of production process has quality control built in and implemented. We guarantee the highest quality product using
precise production techniques and specialised equipment, promising ongoing improvements and enhancements based on customer feedback.
DSwiss takes pride in offering the best results in customisable solutions for health supplements and beauty product manufacturing. 

. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through
December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its major stockholders. Management
believes the existing major shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to meet the Company s obligations
as they become due. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will able to maintain profitable in the future, which raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not
being able to continue as a going concern. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

years 
 
 Furniture and Fittings 
 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 years 

. 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 350 in accounting for intangible assets, which requires impairment losses to be recorded when indicators of
impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the assets are less than the assets carrying
amounts. There were impairment losses recorded on intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

At the inception of a finance lease, the Company as the lessee records an asset and an obligation at
an amount equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments. The leased asset is amortized over the shorter of the lease term
or its estimated useful life if title does not transfer to the Company, while the leased asset is depreciated in accordance with the
Company s depreciation policy if the title is to eventually transfer to the Company. The periodic rent payments made during the
lease term are allocated between a reduction in the obligation and interest element using the effective interest method in accordance
with the provisions of ASC Topic 835-30, Imputation of Interest . 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company conducts much of its businesses activities in Hong Kong and is subject to tax in this jurisdiction. As a result of its business
activities, the Company will file separate tax returns that are subject to examination by the foreign tax authorities. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Year-average MYR : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-end HK : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-average HK : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-end RMB : US 1 exchange rate 

Year-average RMB : US 1 exchange rate 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

The
Company also follows the guidance of the ASC Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ),
with respect to financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; 

Level
 2: Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates
are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

of the annual net profits of DSBT during
the term of the Management Services Agreement I. DSHK may also request, on ad hoc basis, quarterly payments of the aggregate fee, which
payments will be credited against DSBT s future payment obligations. 

The
Management Services Agreement I also provides DSHK, or its designee, with a right of first refusal to acquire all or any portion of the
equity of DSBT upon any proposal by the sole shareholder of DSBT to transfer such equity. In addition, at the sole discretion of DSHK,
DSBT is obligated to transfer to DSHK, or its designee, any part or all of the business, personnel, assets and operations of DSBT which
may be lawfully conducted, employed, owned or operated by DSHK, including: 

(a)
business opportunities presented to, or available to DSBT may be pursued and contracted for in the name of DSHK rather than DSBT, and
at its discretion, DSHK may employ the resources of DSBT to secure such opportunities; 

(b)
any tangible or intangible property of DSBT, any contractual rights, any personnel, and any other items or things of value held by DSBT
may be transferred to DSHK at book value; 

(c)
real property, personal or intangible property, personnel, services, equipment, supplies and any other items useful for the conduct of
the business may be obtained by DSHK by acquisition, lease, license or otherwise, and made available to DSBT on terms to be determined
by agreement between DSHK and DSBT; 

(d)
contracts entered into in the name of DSBT may be transferred to DSHK, or the work under such contracts may be subcontracted, in whole
or in part, to DSHK, on terms to be determined by agreement between DSHK and DSBT; and 

(e)
any changes to, or any expansion or contraction of, the business may be carried out in the exercise of the sole discretion of DSHK, and
in the name of and at the expense of, DSHK; provided, however, that none of the foregoing may cause or have the effect of terminating
(without being substantially replaced under the name of DSHK) or adversely affecting any license, permit or regulatory status of DSBT. 

In
addition, DSHK entered into certain agreements with Jervey Choon, (the DSBT shareholder ), including 

(i) 
 a
 Call Option Agreement allowing DSHK to acquire the shares of DSBT as permitted by Malaysia laws; 

(ii) 
 a
 Shareholders Voting Rights Proxy Agreement that provides DSHK with the voting rights of the DSBT; and 

(ii) 
 an
 Equity Pledge Agreement that pledges the shares in DSBT. 

This
VIE structure provides DSHK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DSwiss Holding Limited, which is the wholly-owned subsidiary of DSwiss Inc,
with control over the operations and benefits of DSBT without having a direct equity ownership in DSBT. 

On
January 18, 2023, DSwiss (HK) Limited acquired shares, representing equity interest in DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd., from the
other party with consideration of RM . After such acquisition, DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd.
became a wholly owned subsidiary of DSwiss (HK) Limited. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

and of its common stock issued and outstanding. There
are shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Furniture and fittings 

Office equipment 

Motor vehicle 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Effect of translation exchange 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

Amortization 

Effect of translation exchange 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

Deposits 

Total
 other receivables, prepaid expenses and deposits 

Total inventories 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Accrued audit fees 

Accrued other expenses 

Accrued professional fees 

Total payables and accrued liabilities 

The obligation under the finance lease is as follows: 

Less: interest expense 

Net present value of finance leases 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

, respectively. The advance from
a director of Company is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed repayment term, for working capital purpose. Imputed interest is considered
insignificant. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

- Foreign, representing 

Seychelles 

Hong Kong 

Malaysia 

(Loss)/Profit before income tax 

Deferred: 

- Local 
 - 
 - 
 
 - Foreign 
 - 
 - 

Income tax expense 

-Seychelles 
 - 
 - 
 
 -Hong Kong 

-Malaysia 

-PRC 
 - 
 - 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad
range of income tax rates. The Company and its subsidiary that operate in various countries: United States, Seychelles, Hong Kong, Malaysia,
PRC that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United
States of America 

The
Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America. As of 31 December, 2022,
the operations in the United States of America incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset
future taxable income, at the tax rate of . The Company
has provided for a full valuation allowance of against the deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net
operating loss carry forwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

Seychelles 

Under
the current laws of the Seychelles, DSwiss Holding Limited is registered as an international business company which governs by the International
Business Companies Act of Seychelles and there is no income tax charged in Seychelles. 

Hong
Kong 

DSwiss
(HK) Limited is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of on its assessable income.
As of December 31, 2022, the operations in the Hong Kong incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward
to offset future taxable income, at the tax rate of . The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of against
the deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carry forwards as the management believes it
is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Malaysia 

DSwiss
Sdn Bhd and DSwiss Biotech Sdn Bhd are subject to Malaysia Corporate Tax, which is charged at the statutory income tax rate range from
 to on its assessable income. As of December 31, 2022, the operations in the Malaysia incurred of cumulative net operating
losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income, at the tax rate of . The Company has provided for a full valuation
allowance of against the deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carry forwards as
the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

- 

Customer B 

- 

Customer C 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

(b)
Major vendors 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the vendors who accounted for 10 or more of the Company s purchases and its accounts
payable balance at year-end are presented as follows: 

For the year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 

Purchases 
 Percentage of Purchases 
 Account Payable, Trade 
 
 Vendor A 

- 
 
 Vendor B 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vendor C 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

(c)
Credit risk 

Financial
instruments that are potentially subject to credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable. The Company believes the concentration
of credit risk in its trade receivables is substantially mitigated by its ongoing credit evaluation process and relatively short collection
terms. The Company does not generally require collateral from customers. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for doubtful
accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends and other information. 

(d)
Exchange rate risk 

The
Company cannot guarantee that the current exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could
post the same amount of profit for two comparable periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower
profit depending on exchange rate of MYR, HK and RMB converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes
in political and economic environments without notice. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

, lease liability as well as right-of-use asset for all leases (with
the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date. Lease liabilities are measured at present value of the sum of remaining
rental payments as of January 1, 2022, with discounted rate of adopted from Malayan Banking Berhad s base lending rate as a reference
for discount rate. 

A
single lease cost is recognized over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis. All cash payments of operating lease cost are
classified within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. 

The
initial recognition of operating lease right and lease liability as follow: 

Add: New Lease commenced on 1 January 2022 
 - 

Accumulated amortization 

Effect of translation exchange 

Balance as of December 31 

Less: gross repayment 

Add: imputed interest 

Effect of translation exchange 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Less: lease liability current portion 

Lease liability non-current portion 
 - 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortization of the operating lease right of use asset are and respectively. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Remaining lease term for operating lease (years) 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average discount rate for operating lease 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, lease expenses were and respectively. 

DSWISS,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (Currency
expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Sales 

- Related party B 

- Related party C 
 - 

- Related party D 

Total 

The
related party A is a wholly owned subsidiary of a shareholder of the Company. 

The
related party B s director and shareholder is the founder of the Company. Founder of the
Company resigned as director of company B on October 02, 2022 and is no longer a shareholder of company B. 

The
r elated party C s director and shareholder is the founder of the Company. 

The
related party D s director is the founder of the Company. The shareholder of related party D is related party C. 

The
related party transaction is generally transacted in an arm-length basis at the current market value in the normal course of business. 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net (loss) / profit before taxation 

Total assets 

Nevada
 
 Seychelles
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 Malaysia
 
 Total 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Nevada 
 Seychelles 
 Hong Kong 
 Malaysia 
 Total 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net (loss) / profit before taxation 

Total assets 

shares, representing equity interest in DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd., from the
other party with consideration of RM . After such acquisition, DSwiss Biotech Sdn. Bhd.
became a wholly owned subsidiary of DSwiss (HK) Limited. 

F- 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, LEONG MING CHIA, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of DSwiss, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Leong Ming Chia 

LEONG MING CHIA 

Chief Executive Officer, 
 President, Director, Secretary, Treasurer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DSwiss, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the Report ), The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Leong Ming Chia 

LEONG MING CHIA 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 dqws-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 dqws-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 dqws-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 dqws-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

