<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1174850_0001174850-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27671891</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>348490</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3231160</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11668598</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6163891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5713902</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174850-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224162211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174850-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NICOLET BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001174850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37700
		FILM NUMBER:		23667698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 N WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		920 430 1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 N WASHINGTON ST
		CITY:			GREEN BAY
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174850-23-000008.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 nic-20221231.htm
 10-K

nic-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s principal executive offices) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) the aggregate market value of the common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing sale price of 72.34 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 23, 2023 shares of common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 103 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 104 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 104 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 106 
 Exhibit Index 
 107 
 Signatures 
 109 
 
 2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in any documents that are incorporated by reference which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, information appearing under Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are neither statements of historical fact nor assurance of future performance and generally may be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, should, will, intend, or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include discussions of management s strategy, financial projections, guidance and estimates (including their underlying assumptions), statements regarding plans, objectives, expectations or consequences of various transactions or events, and statements about our future performance, operations, products and services, and forecasts of our revenues, earnings, or other measures of performance should be viewed with caution. Shareholders should note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the future financial results of Nicolet and could cause those results to differ materially from those implied or anticipated by the statements. Except as required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligations to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Important factors, many of which are beyond Nicolet s control, that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, in addition to those described in detail under Item 1A of this Report, Risk Factors, include but are not necessarily limited to the following that are in no particular order: 
 strategic, market, operating, legal and regulatory risks, including the effects of legislative or regulatory developments affecting the financial industry generally or Nicolet specifically; 
 negative economic and political conditions that adversely affect the general economy, housing prices, the real estate market, the job market, consumer confidence, the financial condition of our borrowers and consumer spending habits, which may affect, among other things, the levels of nonperforming assets, charge-offs, and provision expense; 
 potential fluctuations or unanticipated changes in the interest rate environment, including interest rate changes made by the Federal Reserve, the discontinuation of LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark, as well as cash flow reassessments may reduce net interest margin and/or the volumes and values of loans made or held as well as the value of other financial assets; 
 potential difficulties in identifying and completing future mergers or acquisitions as well as our ability to successfully expand and integrate those businesses that we acquire; 
 the impact of purchase accounting with respect to our merger activities, or any change in the assumptions used regarding the assets purchased and liabilities assumed to determine their fair value; 
 competition from financial institutions and other financial service providers including non-bank financial technology providers and our ability to attract customers from other financial institutions; 
 losses due to fraudulent and negligent conduct of our customers, third party service providers or employees; 
 volatility in the allowance for credit losses ACL resulting from the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL methodology, either alone or as that may be affected by conditions affecting our business; 
 cybersecurity risks and the vulnerability of our network and online banking portals, and the systems or parties with whom we contract, to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches that could adversely affect our business and financial performance or reputation; 
 changes in accounting standards, rules and interpretations and the related impact on Nicolet s financial statements; 
 compliance or operational risks related to new products, services, ventures, or lines of business, if any, that Nicolet may pursue or implement; 
 changes in monetary and tax policies; 
 changes occurring in business conditions and inflation; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 examinations by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses, write-down assets, or take other actions; 
 adverse results (including judgments, costs, fines, reputational harm, inability to obtain necessary approvals and/or other negative effects) from current or future litigation, regulatory proceedings, examinations, investigations, or similar matters or developments related thereto; 
 the potential effects of events beyond our control that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and the economy, such as weather events, natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics (including COVID-19), war or terrorist activities, disruptions in our customers supply chains, disruptions in transportation, essential utility outages or trade disputes and related tariffs; 
 3 

the risk that Nicolet s analysis of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed to address them could be unsuccessful; and 
 other risks and uncertainties disclosed in documents filed or furnished by us with or to the SEC, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, implied or otherwise anticipated by such forward-looking statements. 
 These factors should be considered in evaluating the forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (individually referred to herein as the Parent Company and together with all its subsidiaries collectively referred to herein as Nicolet, the Company, we, us or our is a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and under the bank holding company laws of the State of Wisconsin. At December 31, 2022, Nicolet had total assets of 8.8 billion, loans of 6.2 billion, deposits of 7.2 billion and total stockholders equity of 973 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Nicolet earned net income of 94 million, or 6.56 per diluted common share. 
 Nicolet was founded upon five core values (Be Real, Be Responsive, Be Personal, Be Memorable, and Be Entrepreneurial) which are embodied within each of our employees and create a distinct competitive positioning in the markets within which we operate. Our mission is to be the lead community bank within the communities we serve, while our vision is to optimize the long-term return to our customers and communities, employees and shareholders (the 3 Circles ). 
 The Parent Company is a Wisconsin corporation, originally incorporated on April 5, 2000 as Green Bay Financial Corporation, a Wisconsin corporation, to serve as the holding company for and the sole shareholder of Nicolet National Bank. The Parent Company amended and restated its articles of incorporation and changed its name to Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. on March 14, 2002. It subsequently became the holding company for Nicolet National Bank upon the completion of the bank s reorganization into a holding company structure on June 6, 2002. Nicolet elected to become a financial holding company in 2008. 
 Nicolet conducts its primary operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, Nicolet National Bank, a commercial bank which was organized in 2000 as a national bank under the laws of the United States and opened for business in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on November 1, 2000 (referred to herein as the Bank ). At December 31, 2022, the Parent Company also wholly owns a registered investment advisory firm, Nicolet Advisory Services, LLC Nicolet Advisory ), that provides brokerage and investment advisory services to customers, and Nicolet Insurance Services, LLC Nicolet Insurance ), to facilitate the delivery of a crop insurance product associated with Nicolet s agricultural lending. At December 31, 2022, the Bank wholly owns an investment subsidiary based in Nevada, an entity that owns the building in which Nicolet is headquartered, and a subsidiary that provides a web-based investment management platform for financial advisor trades and related activity. Other than the Bank, these subsidiaries are closely related to or incidental to the business of banking and none are individually or collectively significant to Nicolet s financial position or results as of December 31, 2022. 
 Nicolet s profitability is significantly dependent upon net interest income (interest income earned on loans and other interest-earning assets such as investments, net of interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds), and noninterest income sources (including but not limited to service charges on deposits, trust and brokerage fees, card interchange income, and mortgage income from sales of residential mortgages into the secondary market), offset by the level of the provision for credit losses, noninterest expense (largely employee compensation and overhead expenses tied to processing and operating the Bank s business), and income taxes. 
 Since its opening in late 2000, though more prominently since 2013, Nicolet has supplemented its organic growth with branch purchase and acquisition transactions. Merger and acquisition M A activity has continued to be a source of strong growth for Nicolet, including the successful completion of ten acquisitions since 2012. For information on recent transactions, see Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. 
 Products and Services Overview 
 Nicolet s principal business is banking, consisting of lending and deposit gathering, as well as ancillary banking-related products and services, to businesses and individuals of the communities it serves, and the operational support to deliver, fund and manage such banking products and services. Additionally, trust, brokerage and other investment management services predominantly for individuals and retirement plan services for business customers are offered. Nicolet delivers its products and services principally through 55 bank branch locations, online banking, mobile banking and an interactive website. Nicolet s call center also services customers. 
 4 

Nicolet offers a variety of loans, deposits and related services to business customers (especially small and medium-sized businesses and professional concerns), including but not limited to: business checking and other business deposit products and cash management services, international banking services, business loans, lines of credit, commercial real estate financing, construction loans, agricultural real estate or production loans, and letters of credit, as well as retirement plan services. Similarly, Nicolet offers a variety of banking products and services to consumers, including but not limited to: residential mortgage loans and mortgage refinancing, home equity loans and lines of credit, residential construction loans, personal loans, checking, savings and money market accounts, various certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts, safe deposit boxes, and personal brokerage, trust and fiduciary services. Nicolet also provides online services including commercial, retail and trust online banking, automated bill payment, mobile banking deposits and account access, remote deposit capture, and other services such as wire transfers, debit cards, credit cards, pre-paid gift cards, direct deposit, and official bank checks. 
 Lending is critical to Nicolet s balance sheet and earnings potential. Nicolet seeks creditworthy borrowers principally within the geographic area of its branch locations. As a community bank with experienced commercial, agricultural, and residential mortgage lenders, our primary lending function is to make loans in the following categories: 
 commercial-related loans, consisting of: 
 commercial, industrial, and business loans and lines; 
 owner-occupied commercial real estate owner-occupied CRE 
 agricultural AG production and AG real estate; 
 commercial real estate investment loans CRE investment 
 construction and land development loans; 
 residential real estate loans, consisting of: 
 residential first lien mortgages; 
 residential junior lien mortgages; 
 home equity loans and lines of credit; 
 residential construction loans; and 
 other loans (mainly consumer in nature). 
 Lending involves credit risk. Nicolet has and follows extensive loan policies and procedures to standardize processes, meet compliance requirements and prudently manage underwriting, credit and other risks. Credit risk is further controlled and monitored through active asset quality management including the use of lending standards, thorough review of current and potential borrowers through Nicolet s underwriting process, close relationships with and regular check-ins with borrowers, and active asset quality administration. For further discussion of the loan portfolio composition and credit risk management, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, under Part II, Item 7, and Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 To attract and retain top talent, Nicolet is committed to support the well-being and development of each employee in a collaborative and inclusive environment. Our Core Values serve as the foundation of Nicolet s employee benefits plans and policies, all of which are designed to support the long-term financial, physical, and emotional health of employees. 
 5 

Core Value Benefits and Policies Be Real Nicolet recognizes that each employee deserves financial security, however they may define that goal for themselves. To assist them, Nicolet offers competitive wages and a comprehensive financial benefit package that includes offerings such as (1) a 401(k) plan with a dollar-for-dollar match of employee contributions up to 6 , (2) health savings accounts for employees who elect to participate in high-deductible health plans, (3) flexible spending accounts, (4) profit sharing contributions to the 401(k) plan, and (5) Nicolet paid life insurance. Nicolet regularly analyzes its pay practices to ensure fair and equitable pay practice among our diverse employee population. Be Responsive Nicolet conducts an annual employee survey to identify benefits that are most meaningful to employees, which changes with employee demographics and locations of Nicolet s branches. For example, in 2022 Nicolet made enhancements to its benefits plans in response to the employee survey, to include the addition of a new health plan option, a change in provider network, and the acceleration of paid time off for FMLA leave. Be Personal Employees are more than their contributions at work. Each Nicolet employee has a life outside of the workplace, and Nicolet seeks to provide support for all their life events by offering additional benefits such as (1) health, dental, hearing, and vision plans, (2) voluntary insurance plans to address hospital indemnity, critical illness, disability, and accidental injury, (3) paid time off for vacation, short-term sickness, and long-term sickness, (4) financial assistance for adoption, (5) grief support, (6) an employee assistance plan, (7) religious observance leave, and (8) other unpaid leave when necessary. Nicolet is also committed to maintaining a workplace that values and promotes diversity, inclusion, equal employment opportunities, and a culture that is free of harassment or hostility. In 2022, Nicolet s Board of Directors adopted the You Be You Policy (available on our website under the About Us section), setting out its expectation that each employee will act with respectfulness, cultural awareness, and inclusivity toward others by fostering a collaborative work environment, providing a safe space for all employees to express themselves, and encouraging employees to be open and curious about others experiences and perspectives. Nicolet also partners with local civic organizations, schools, professional associations, and other organizations to attract, recruit, retain, engage, support, develop, and advance diverse employees. As of December 31, 2022, Nicolet had 942 full-time equivalent employees and 972 total employees, of which, approximately 66 were women and 34 were men. In addition, 43 of all officer-titled employees were women. Be Memorable Nicolet wants its employees, who demonstrate Nicolet s Core Values every day, to share in Nicolet s long-term legacy. We encourage employees to share in Nicolet s success through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase Nicolet stock at a discounted price. Nicolet also provides each employee regardless of their position access to Nicolet s wealth advisory services at a sharply reduced fee. Be Entrepreneurial Nicolet encourages employees to develop their professional skills and advance in their career. In 2022, 25 of all job opportunities were filled by internal mobility. In support further of that goal, Nicolet is in the process of developing a new training facility (expected completion in second quarter 2023) that Nicolet will use to expand its learning and development options for all employees, including in person or virtual options. Nicolet also offers tuition reimbursement to all employees who wish to pursue their education in a field of study related to their position. 
 Our Employee s Commitment to Our Communities. We encourage Nicolet employees to pay-it-forward by supporting their local communities. Through the Nicolet National Foundation, Inc., which is a public charity operated exclusively by Nicolet employees, Nicolet is able to collect (and then match) employee contributions and award 100 of those funds to local community-based organizations in which our employees are involved We also provide flexible schedules to employees who engage in volunteerism, community events, and community organizations. Nicolet also strives to support under-represented communities through its volunteer program and provides financial assistance (through both lending and investment opportunities) to elevate financially disadvantaged communities. 
 Market Area and Competition 
 The Bank is a full-service community bank, providing services ranging from commercial, agricultural, and consumer banking to wealth management and retirement plan services. Nicolet operates in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota. Nicolet markets its services to owner-managed companies, the individual owners of these businesses, and other residents within its market area, which at December 31, 2022 is through 55 branches located principally within the geographic area of its branch locations. 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. Nicolet competes for loans, deposits and wealth management or financial services in all its principal markets. Nicolet competes directly with other bank and nonbank institutions located within our markets (some that may have an established customer base or name recognition), internet-based banks, out-of-market banks that advertise or otherwise serve its markets, credit unions, savings and loan associations, consumer finance companies, trust companies, money market and other mutual funds, securities brokerage houses, investment counseling firms, mortgage companies, insurance companies or other commercial entities that offer financial services products. Competition involves efforts to retain current or procure new customers, obtain new loans and deposits, increase the scope and type of products or services offered, and offer 
 6 

competitive interest rates paid on deposits or earned on loans, as well as to deliver other aspects of banking competitively. Many of Nicolet s competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, including greater financial resources, fewer regulatory requirements, broader geographic presence, more accessible branches or more advanced technology to deliver products or services, more favorable pricing alternatives and lower origination or operating costs. 
 We believe our competitive pricing, personalized service and community engagement enable us to effectively compete in our markets. Nicolet employs seasoned banking and wealth management professionals with experience in its market areas and who are active in their communities. We believe our emphasis on meeting customer needs in a relationship-focused manner, combined with local decision making on extensions of credit, distinguishes Nicolet from its competitors, particularly in the case of large financial institutions. Nicolet believes it further distinguishes itself by providing a range of products and services characteristic of a large financial institution while providing the personalized service and convenience characteristic of a local, community bank. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 We are extensively regulated, supervised and examined under federal and state law. Generally, these laws and regulations are intended to protect our Bank s depositors, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and the broader banking system, and not our shareholders. These laws and regulations cover all aspects of our business, including lending and collection practices, treatment of our customers, safeguarding deposits, customer privacy and information security, capital structure, liquidity, dividends and other capital distributions, and transactions with affiliates. Such laws and regulations directly and indirectly affect key drivers of our profitability, including, for example, capital and liquidity, product offerings, risk management and costs of compliance. 
 Set forth below is an explanation of the major pieces of legislation and regulation affecting the banking industry and how that legislation and regulation affects Nicolet s business. The following summary is qualified by reference to the statutory and regulatory provisions discussed. Changes in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on the business and prospects of Nicolet or the Bank, and legislative changes and the policies of various regulatory authorities may significantly affect their operations. We cannot predict the effect that fiscal or monetary policies, or new federal or state legislation or regulation may have on the future business and earnings of Nicolet or the Bank. 
 Regulation of Nicolet 
 Because Nicolet owns all of the capital stock of the Bank, it is a bank holding company under the federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the Bank Holding Company Act ). As a result, Nicolet is primarily subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the Bank Holding Company Act and the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). As a bank holding company located in Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions (the WDFI also regulates and monitors all significant aspects of its operations. 
 Acquisitions of Banks . The Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: 
 acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after the acquisition, the bank holding company will directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of the bank s voting shares; 
 acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of any bank; or 
 merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. 
 Additionally, the Bank Holding Company Act provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any of these transactions if it would result in or tend to create a monopoly, substantially lessen competition, or otherwise function as a restraint of trade, unless the anti-competitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks involved in the transaction and the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve s consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, which is discussed below. 
 On July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy. Among other initiatives, the Executive Order encouraged the federal banking agencies to review their current merger oversight practices under the Bank Holding Company Act and the Bank Merger Act and adopt a plan for revitalization of such practices. There are many steps that must be taken by the agencies before any formal changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers can be finalized and the prospects for such action are uncertain at this time; however, the adoption of more expansive or prescriptive standards may have an impact on our acquisition activities. 
 Change in Control . Two statutes, the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with regulations promulgated under them, require some form of regulatory review before any company may acquire control of a bank or a bank holding company. Under the Bank Holding Company Act, control is deemed to exist if a company acquires 25 or more of any 
 7 

class of voting securities of a bank holding company; controls the election of a majority of the members of the board of directors; or exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or bank holding company. Under Federal Reserve regulations, there are four categories of tiered presumptions of noncontrol that are based on the percentage of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted without falling outside of the presumption of noncontrol. These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation, management interlocks, business relationship and restrictive contractual covenants. Under Federal Reserve regulations, investors can hold up to 24.9 of the voting securities and up to 33 of the total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. 
 Under the Change in Bank Control Act, a person or company is required to file a notice with the Federal Reserve if it will, as a result of the transaction, own or control 10 or more of any class of voting securities or direct the management or policies of a bank or bank holding company and either if the bank or bank holding company has registered securities or if the acquirer would be the largest holder of that class of voting securities after the acquisition. For a change in control at the holding company level, the Federal Reserve must approve the change in control; at the bank level, the bank s primary federal regulator must approve the change in control. Transactions subject to the Bank Holding Company Act are exempt from Change in Bank Control Act requirements. 
 Permitted Activities . The Bank Holding Company Act has generally prohibited a bank holding company from engaging in activities other than banking or managing or controlling banks or other permissible subsidiaries and from acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any company engaged in any activities other than those determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act have expanded the permissible activities of a bank holding company that qualifies as a financial holding company to engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to financial activities. Those activities include, among other activities, certain insurance, advisory and security activities. 
 Nicolet meets the qualification standards applicable to financial holding companies, and elected to become a financial holding company in 2008. In order to remain a financial holding company, Nicolet must continue to be considered well managed and well capitalized by the Federal Reserve, and the Bank must continue to be considered well managed and well capitalized by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and have at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act. 
 Support of Subsidiary Institutions . Under Federal Reserve policy and the Dodd-Frank Act, Nicolet is expected to act as a source of financial strength for the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank. This support may be required at times when, without this Federal Reserve policy or the related rules, Nicolet might not be inclined to provide it. 
 In addition, any capital loans made by Nicolet to the Bank will be repaid only after the Bank s deposits and various other obligations are repaid in full. 
 Capital Adequacy . Nicolet is subject to capital requirements applied on a consolidated basis, which are substantially similar to those required of the Bank, which are summarized under Regulation of the Bank below. 
 Dividend Restrictions . Under Federal Reserve policies, bank holding companies may pay cash dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition and if the organization is not in danger of not meeting its minimum regulatory capital requirements. Federal Reserve policy also provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Under Federal Reserve policy, bank holding companies are expected to inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period (e.g., quarter) for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the organization s capital structure. 
 Stock Buybacks and Other Capital Redemptions. Under Federal Reserve policies and regulations, bank holding companies must seek regulatory approval prior to any redemption that would reduce the bank holding company s consolidated net worth by 10 or more, prior to the redemption of most instruments included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital with features permitting redemption at the option of the issuing bank holding company, or prior to the redemption of equity or other capital instruments included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity, if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base. Bank holding companies are also expected to inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of a redemption or repurchase of common stock if such buyback results in a net reduction of the company s outstanding amount of common stock below the amount outstanding at the beginning of the fiscal quarter. 
 Regulation of the Bank 
 Because the Bank is chartered as a national bank, it is primarily subject to the supervision, examination, and reporting requirements of the National Bank Act and the regulations of the OCC. The OCC regularly examines the Bank s operations and has the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, the establishment of branches and similar corporate actions. The OCC also has the power to 
 8 

prevent the continuance or development of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other violations of law. Because the Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC to the maximum extent provided by law, it is also subject to certain FDIC regulations and the FDIC also has examination authority and back-up enforcement power over the Bank. The Bank is also subject to numerous state and federal statutes and regulations that affect Nicolet, its business, activities, and operations. 
 Branching. National banks are required by the National Bank Act to adhere to branching laws applicable to state banks in the states in which they are located. Under Wisconsin law and the Dodd-Frank Act, and with the prior approval of the OCC, the Bank may open branch offices within or outside of Wisconsin, provided that a state bank chartered by the state in which the branch is to be located would also be permitted to establish a branch. In addition, with prior regulatory approval, the Bank may acquire branches of existing banks located in Wisconsin or other states. 
 Capital Adequacy. Banks and bank holding companies, as regulated institutions, are required to maintain minimum levels of capital. The Federal Reserve and the OCC have adopted minimum risk-based capital requirements (Tier 1 capital, common equity Tier 1 capital CET1 and total capital) and leverage capital requirements, as well as guidelines that define components of the calculation of capital and the level of risk associated with various types of assets. Financial institutions are expected to maintain a level of capital commensurate with the risk profile assigned to their assets in accordance with the guidelines. 
 In addition to the minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, banking organizations must maintain a capital conservation buffer consisting of CET1 in an amount equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in order to avoid restrictions on their ability to make capital distributions and to pay certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. In order to avoid those restrictions, the capital conservation buffer effectively increases the minimum well-capitalized CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital ratios for U.S. banking organizations to 7.0 , 8.5 , and 10.5 , respectively. Banking organizations with capital levels that fall within the buffer will be required to limit dividends, share repurchases or redemptions (unless replaced within the same calendar quarter by capital instruments of equal or higher quality), and discretionary bonus payments. The following table presents the risk-based and leverage capital requirements applicable to the Bank: 
 Adequately Capitalized Requirement Well-Capitalized Requirement Well-Capitalized with Buffer Leverage 4.0 5.0 5.0 CET1 4.5 6.5 7.0 Tier 1 6.0 8.0 8.5 Total Capital 8.0 10.0 10.5 
 Although capital instruments such as trust preferred securities and cumulative preferred shares are excluded from Tier 1 capital for certain larger banking organizations, Nicolet s trust preferred securities are grandfathered as Tier 1 capital (provided they do not exceed 25 of Tier 1 capital) so long as Nicolet has less than 15 billion in total assets. 
 The capital rules require that goodwill and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets), net of associated deferred tax liabilities DTLs ), be deducted from CET1 capital. Additionally, deferred tax assets DTAs that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, net of associated DTLs and valuation allowances, are fully deducted from CET1 capital. However, DTAs arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, along with mortgage servicing assets and significant (defined as greater than 10 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the unconsolidated financial institution) investments in the common stock of unconsolidated financial institutions are partially includible in CET1 capital, subject to deductions defined in the rules. 
 The OCC also considers interest rate risk (arising when the interest rate sensitivity of the Bank s assets does not match the sensitivity of its liabilities or its off-balance sheet position) in the evaluation of the bank s capital adequacy. Banks with excessive interest rate risk exposure are required to hold additional amounts of capital against their exposure to losses resulting from that risk. Through the risk-weighting of assets, the regulators also require banks to incorporate market risk components into their risk-based capital. Under these market risk requirements, capital is allocated to support the amount of market risk related to a bank s lending and trading activities. 
 The Bank s capital categories are determined solely for the purpose of applying the prompt corrective action rules described below and they are not necessarily an accurate representation of its overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank or bank holding company to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting brokered deposits, and certain other restrictions on its business. See Prompt Corrective Action below. 
 9 

Prompt Corrective Action. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized financial institutions. Under this system, the federal banking regulators have established five capital categories: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, in which all institutions are placed. The federal banking agencies have also specified by regulation the relevant capital levels for each category. 
 A well-capitalized bank is one that is not required to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure pursuant to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive, and has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8 , a CET1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5 . Generally, a classification as well-capitalized will place a bank outside of the regulatory zone for purposes of prompt corrective action. However, a well-capitalized bank may be reclassified as adequately capitalized based on criteria other than capital, if the federal regulator determines that a bank is in an unsafe or unsound condition, or is engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, which requires certain remedial action. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank satisfied the requirements of well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. See Note 17, Regulatory Capital Requirements, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8, for regulatory capital ratios of Nicolet and the Bank. 
 As a bank s capital position deteriorates, federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories: undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, the banking regulator must appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. 
 CECL. The Current Expected Credit Losses CECL standard requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and certain other financial assets, and recognize the expected credit losses as an allowance for credit losses. 
 Under CECL, the allowance for credit losses is an estimate of the expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, which is measured using relevant information about past events, including historical credit loss experience on financial assets with similar risk characteristics, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the remaining cash flows over the contractual term of the financial assets. CECL requires an allowance to be created upon the origination or acquisition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost. Any increase in our Allowance for Credit Losses ACL may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments. The Bank s deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC up to 250,000, the maximum amount permitted by law. The FDIC uses the Deposit Insurance Fund to protect against the loss of insured deposits if an FDIC-insured bank or savings association fails. The Bank is thus subject to FDIC deposit premium assessments. The cost of premium assessments are impacted by, among other things, a bank s capital category under the prompt corrective action system. 
 Commercial Real Estate Lending. The federal banking regulators have issued the following guidance to help identify institutions that are potentially exposed to significant commercial real estate lending risk and may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: 
 total reported loans for construction, land development and other land represent 100 or more of the institution s total capital, or 
 total commercial real estate loans represent 300 or more of the institution s total capital, and the outstanding balance of the institution s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more. 
 At December 31, 2022 the Bank s commercial real estate lending levels are below the guidance levels noted above. 
 Enforcement Powers . The Financial Institution Reform Recovery and Enforcement Act FIRREA expanded and increased civil and criminal penalties available for use by the federal regulatory agencies against depository institutions and certain institution-affiliated parties. Institution-affiliated parties primarily include management, employees, and agents of a financial institution, as well as independent contractors and consultants such as attorneys and accountants and others who participate in the conduct of the financial institution s affairs. These practices can include the failure of an institution to timely file required reports or the filing of false or misleading information or the submission of inaccurate reports. Civil penalties may be over 1.9 million per day for such violations. Criminal penalties for some financial institution crimes have been increased to 20 years. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of financial institutions within their respective jurisdictions, the federal banking agencies evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of its local community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. These facts are 
 10 

also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could impose additional requirements and limitations on the Bank. Additionally, the Bank must publicly disclose the terms of various Community Reinvestment Act-related agreements. The Bank received an outstanding CRA rating in its most recent evaluation. 
 The OCC, FDIC, and Federal Reserve have announced that they are working together to strengthen and modernize the rules implementing the CRA. The effects on the Bank of any potential change to the CRA rules will depend on the final form of any federal rulemaking and cannot be predicted at this time. Management will continue to evaluate any changes to the CRA s regulations and their impact to the Bank. 
 Payment of Dividends. Statutory and regulatory limitations apply to the Bank s payment of dividends to the Parent Company. If, in the opinion of the OCC, the Bank were engaged in or about to engage in an unsafe or unsound practice, the OCC could require that the Bank stop or refrain from engaging in the practice. The federal banking agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. 
 The Bank is required by federal law to obtain prior approval of the OCC for payments of dividends if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any year will exceed (1) the total of the Bank s net profits for that year, plus (2) the Bank s retained net profits of the preceding two years. The payment of dividends may also be affected by other factors, such as the requirement to maintain adequate capital above regulatory guidelines or any conditions or restrictions that may be imposed by regulatory authorities. 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders . The Bank is subject to the provisions of Regulation W promulgated by the Federal Reserve, which implements Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. Regulation W places limits and conditions on the amount of loans or extensions of credit to, investments in, or certain other transactions with, affiliates and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates. Regulation W also prohibits, among other things, an institution from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates unless the transactions are on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to such institution or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. Federal law also places restrictions on the Bank s ability to extend credit to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders and their related interests. These extensions of credit must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated third parties; and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 
 USA PATRIOT Act . The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act requires each financial institution to: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program; and (ii) establish due diligence policies, procedures and controls with respect to its private and correspondent banking accounts involving foreign individuals and certain foreign banks. In addition, the USA PATRIOT Act encourages cooperation among financial institutions, regulatory authorities and law enforcement authorities with respect to individuals, entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably suspected of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities. 
 Customer Protection . The Bank is also subject to consumer laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in transactions with depository institutions, as well as other laws or regulations affecting customers of financial institutions generally. While the list set forth herein is not exhaustive, these laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement and Procedures Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act, among others. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits or making loans to such customers. 
 Financial Privacy and Cybersecurity. Under privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and related regulations, we are limited in our ability to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. Federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of the board of directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and the use of third parties in the provision of financial services. 
 Consumers must be notified in the event of a data breach under applicable federal and state laws. Under federal regulations, banking organizations are required to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the discovery of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident within the meaning attributed to those terms by the federal regulation. Banks service providers are required under the federal regulation to notify any affected bank to or on behalf of which the service provider provides services as soon as possible after determining that it has experienced an incident 
 11 

that materially disrupts or degrades, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, covered services provided to such bank for as much as four hours. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection including implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial laws with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ). Depository institutions with less than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank, are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but will continue to be examined and supervised by federal banking regulators for consumer compliance purposes. 
 UDAP and UDAAP. Bank regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. The law of choice for enforcement against such business practices has been Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act the primary federal law that prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices and unfair methods of competition in or affecting commerce UDAP or FTC Act ). Unjustified consumer injury is the principal focus of the FTC Act. Prior to the Dodd-Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with the UDAP law. However, the UDAP provisions have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices UDAAP ). The CFPB has brought a variety of enforcement actions for violations of UDAAP provisions and CFPB guidance continues to evolve. 
 Available Information 
 Nicolet s internet address is www.nicoletbank.com. We file or furnish to the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders and, from time to time, registration statements and other documents. These documents are available free of charge to the public on or through the Investor Relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. These filings are available to the public on the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The information on any website referenced in this Report is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of this Report. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 This Item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various businesses to compete, change our risk profile or materially affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our operating environment continues to evolve and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have a risk management governance structure that oversees processes for monitoring evolving risks and oversees various initiatives designed to manage and control our potential exposure. This Item highlights risks that could affect us in material ways by causing future results to differ materially from past results, by causing future results to differ materially from current expectations, or by causing material changes in our financial condition. Some of these risks are interrelated and the occurrence of one or more of them may exacerbate the effect of others. 
 Traditional Competition Risks 
 We are subject to intense competition for clients and the nature of that competition is rapidly evolving. 
 Our primary areas of competition include: consumer and commercial deposits, commercial-related loans, residential real estate loans, and other consumer loans, trust, brokerage and other investment management services, and other consumer and commercial financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas include national, state and non-U.S. banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, consumer finance companies, trust companies, mortgage banking firms, securities brokerage firms, investment counseling firms, insurance companies and agencies, money market funds and other mutual funds, hedge funds and other financial services companies that serve in our markets. The emergence of non-traditional, disruptive service providers (see Industry Disruption section below) has intensified this competitive environment. In addition, as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as check-cashing, automatic transfer and automatic payment systems and peer-to-peer lending in which investors provide debt financing and/or capital directly to borrowers. While traditional banks are subject to the same regulatory framework as we are, nonbanks experience a significantly different or reduced degree of regulation as well as lower cost structures. We may face a competitive disadvantage as a result of our smaller size, more limited geographic diversification and inability to spread costs across broader markets. Although we compete by concentrating marketing efforts in our primary markets with local advertisements, personal contacts and greater flexibility and responsiveness in working with local customers, customer loyalty can be easily influenced by a competitor s new products and our strategy may or may not continue to be successful. Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be affected by the marketplace loosening of credit underwriting standards and structures. 
 12 

Strategic and Macro Risks 
 We may be unable to successfully implement our strategy to grow our commercial and consumer banking businesses. 
 Although our current strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions change, in 2023 our strategy is to continue to invest resources in our banking businesses and operations as we integrate the businesses and operations of our recent acquisitions, including Charter, and seek to exploit opportunities for cost and revenue synergies. In the future, we expect to continue to nurture profitable organic growth as well as pursue acquisitions or strategic transactions if appropriate opportunities, within or outside of our current markets, present themselves. Our failure or inability to successfully implement those strategies could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 
 Failure to achieve one or more key elements needed for successful business acquisitions could adversely affect our business and earnings. 
 Expanding in our current markets and selecting attractive new growth markets by opening additional branches and service locations or through acquisitions of all or part of other financial institutions involve risks, any one of which could result in a material and adverse effect upon our results of operation or financial condition. These risks include, without limitation, the following: 
 our inability to identify and expand into suitable markets; 
 our inability to identify and acquire suitable sites for new branches and service locations; 
 our inability to identify and execute potential acquisition targets; 
 our inability to develop accurate estimates and judgments to evaluate asset values and credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to an acquired branch or institution, a new branch office or a new market; 
 our inability to realize certain assumptions and estimates to preserve the expected financial benefits of the transaction; 
 our inability to avoid the diversion of our management s attention from existing operations during the negotiation of a transaction; 
 our inability to manage successful entry into new markets where we have limited or no direct prior experience; 
 our inability to obtain regulatory and other approvals, or obtain such approvals without restrictive conditions; 
 our inability to integrate the acquired business operations, clients, and properties quickly and cost-effectively; 
 our inability to manage cultural assimilation risks associated with growth through acquisitions, which can be an often-overlooked and often-critical failure point in mergers; 
 our inability to combine the franchise values of businesses that we acquire with those of ours without significant loss from re-branding and other similar changes; or 
 our inability to retain core clients and key associates. 
 Failure to achieve one or more key elements needed for successful organic growth could adversely affect our business and earnings. 
 There are a number of risks to the successful execution of our organic growth strategy that could result in a material and adverse effect upon our results of operation and financial condition. These risks include, without limitation, the following: 
 our inability to attract and retain clients in our banking market areas, particularly as we integrate our recent acquisitions, including Charter; 
 our inability to achieve and maintain growth in our earnings while pursuing new business opportunities; 
 our inability to maintain a high level of client service while optimizing our physical branch count due to changing client demand, all while expanding our remote banking services and expanding or enhancing our information processing, technology, compliance, and other operational infrastructures effectively and efficiently; 
 our inability to maintain loan quality in the context of significant loan growth; 
 our inability to attract sufficient deposits and capital to fund anticipated loan growth; 
 our inability to maintain adequate common equity and regulatory capital while managing the liquidity and capital requirements associated with growth, especially organic growth and cash-funded acquisitions; 
 our inability to hire or retain adequate management personnel and systems to oversee and support such growth; 
 our inability to implement additional policies, procedures and operating systems required to support our growth; 
 our inability to manage effectively and efficiently the changes and adaptations necessitated by a complex, burdensome, and evolving regulatory environment 
 13 

Although we have in place strategies designed to achieve those elements that are significant to us at present, our challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them, or adopt new strategies, as conditions change. 
 Industry Disruption 
 Failure to keep pace with technological changes could adversely affect our business. 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Through technological innovations and changes in client habits, the manner in which clients use financial services continues to change at a rapid pace. 
 We provide a large number of services remotely (online and mobile), and physical branch utilization has been in long-term decline throughout the industry for many years. Technology has helped us reduce costs and improve service, but also has weakened traditional geographic and relationship ties, and has allowed disruptors to enter traditional banking areas. Through digital marketing and service platforms, many banks are making client inroads unrelated to physical presence. This competitive risk is especially pronounced from the largest U.S. banks, and from online-only banks, due in part to the investments they are able to sustain in their digital platforms. Companies as disparate as PayPal and Starbucks provide payment and exchange services which compete directly with banks in ways not possible traditionally. Recently, some government leaders have discussed having the U.S. Post Office offer banking services. 
 The nature of technology-driven disruption to our industry is changing, in some cases seeking to displace traditional financial service providers rather than merely enhance traditional services or their delivery. 
 A number of recent technologies have worked with the existing financial system and traditional banks, such as the evolution of ATM cards into debit/credit cards and the evolution of debit/credit cards into smart phones. These sorts of technologies often have expanded the market for banking services overall while siphoning a portion of the revenues from those services away from banks and disrupting prior methods of delivering those services. Additionally, some recent innovations may tend to replace traditional banks as financial service providers rather than merely augmenting those services. For example, companies which claim to offer applications and services based on artificial intelligence are beginning to compete much more directly with traditional financial services companies in areas involving personal advice, including high-margin services such as financial planning and wealth management. The low-cost, high-speed nature of these robo-advisor services can be especially attractive to younger, less-affluent clients and potential clients, as well as persons interested in self-service investment management. Other industry changes, such as zero-commission trading offered by certain large firms able to use trading as a loss-leader, may amplify this trend. Similarly, inventions based on blockchain technology eventually may be the foundation for greatly enhancing transactional security throughout the banking industry, but also eventually may reduce the need for banks as secure deposit-keepers and intermediaries. 
 Operational Risks 
 Fraud is a major, and increasing, operational risk for us and all banks. 
 Two traditional areas, deposit fraud (check kiting, wire fraud, etc.) and loan fraud, continue to be major sources of fraud attempts and loss. The sophistication and methods used to perpetrate fraud continue to evolve as technology changes. In addition to cybersecurity risk (discussed below), new technologies have made it easier for bad actors to obtain and use client personal information, mimic signatures and otherwise create false documents that look genuine. The industry fraud threat continues to evolve, including but not limited to card fraud, check fraud, social engineering and phishing attacks for identity theft and account takeover. Our anti-fraud measures are both preventive and, when necessary, responsive; however, some level of fraud loss is unavoidable, and the risk of a major loss cannot be eliminated. 
 Our ability to conduct and grow our businesses is dependent in part upon our ability to create, maintain, expand, and evolve an appropriate operational and organizational infrastructure, manage expenses, and recruit and retain personnel with the ability to manage a complex business. 
 Operational risk can arise in many ways, including: errors related to failed or inadequate physical, operational, information technology, or other processes; faulty or disabled computer or other technology systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, 
 14 

electronic data and related security breaches, or other criminal conduct by associates or third parties; and exposure to other external events. Inadequacies may present themselves in myriad ways. Actions taken to manage one risk may be ineffective against others. For example, information technology systems may be sufficiently redundant to withstand a fire, incursion, malware, or other major casualty, but they may be insufficiently adaptable to new business conditions or opportunities. Efforts to make systems more robust may make them less adaptable, and vice-versa . Also, our efforts to control expenses, which is a significant priority for us, increases our operational challenges as we strive to maintain client service and compliance at high quality and low cost. 
 A serious information technology security (cybersecurity) breach can cause significant damage and at the same time be difficult to detect even after it occurs. 
 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks as well as through the internet through digital and mobile technologies. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify these systems as circumstances warrant, the advances in technology increase the risk of information security breaches. We provide our customers the ability to bank remotely, including over the internet or through their mobile device. The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of remote and mobile banking. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in disruptions to our accounting, deposit, loan and other systems, and adversely affect our customer relationships. 
 There have been increasing efforts on the part of third parties, including through cyber-attacks, to breach data security at financial institutions or with respect to financial transactions. There have been several recent instances involving financial services, credit bureaus and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information or the destruction or theft of corporate data, by both private individuals and foreign governments. In addition, because the techniques used to cause such security breaches change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Our network, and the systems of parties with whom we contract, could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, spam attacks, human error, natural disasters, power loss and other security breaches. 
 Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. Among other things, damage can occur due to outright theft or extortion of our funds, fraud or identity theft perpetrated on clients, or adverse publicity associated with a breach and its potential effects. Perpetrators potentially can be associates, clients, and certain vendors, all of whom legitimately have access to some portion of our systems, as well as outsiders with no legitimate access. These risks are heightened through the increasing use of digital and mobile solutions which allow for rapid money movement and increase the difficulty to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. To the extent that our activities or the activities of our customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches (including breaches of security of customer systems and networks) and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and ability to attract and maintain customers and businesses. In addition, a security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability and cause reputational damage. 
 We rely on information technology and telecommunications systems and certain third-party service providers, the operational functions of which may experience disruptions that could adversely affect us and over which we may have limited or no control. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems, third-party accounting systems and mobile and online banking platforms. We outsource many of our major systems, such as data processing, loan servicing and deposit processing systems and online banking platforms. While we have selected these vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Financial or operational difficulties of a vendor could also damage our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor s ability to serve us. Furthermore, our vendors could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Replacing these third-party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process new and renewed loans, gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and/or subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to recoup our losses may be limited legally or practically in many situations. 
 15 

Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses. 
 We have implemented a risk management framework to mitigate our risk and loss exposure. This framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to identify, measure, monitor, report and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, legal and regulatory risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputational risk and operational risk related to its employees, systems and vendors, among others . Any system of control and any system to reduce risk exposure, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met and will be effective under all circumstances or that it will adequately identify, manage or mitigate any risk or loss to us. Additionally, instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of interest rate, price, legal and regulatory compliance, credit, liquidity, operational and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. As a result, we may not be able to effectively mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and become subject to litigation, negative regulatory consequences, or reputational damage among other adverse consequences, any of which could result in our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects being materially adversely affected. 
 Competition for talent is substantial and increasing. Moreover, revenue growth in some business lines increasingly depends upon top talent . 
 In recent years the cost to us of hiring and retaining top revenue-producing talent has increased, and that trend is likely to continue. We have assembled a management team which has substantial background and experience in banking and financial services in our markets. Moreover, much of our organic loan growth in recent years was the result of our ability to attract experienced financial services professionals who have been able to attract customers from other financial institutions. We anticipate deploying a similar hiring strategy in the future. Additionally, operating our technology systems requires employees with specialized skills that are not readily available in the general employee candidate pool. Inability to retain these key personnel (including key personnel of the businesses we have acquired) or to continue to attract experienced lenders with established books of business could negatively affect our growth because of the loss of these individuals skills and customer relationships and/or the potential difficulty of promptly replacing them. Moreover, the higher costs we must pay to hire and retain these experienced individuals could cause our noninterest expense levels to rise and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Risks From Changes in Economic Conditions 
 Inflationary pressures present a potential threat to our results of operation and financial condition. 
 The United States generally and the regions in which we operate specifically have recently experienced, for the first time in decades, significant inflationary pressures, evidenced by higher gas prices, higher food prices and other consumer items. Inflation represents a loss in purchasing power because the value of investments does not keep up with inflation and erodes the purchasing power of money and the potential value of investments over time. Accordingly, inflation can result in material adverse effects upon our customers, their businesses and, as a result, our financial position and results of operation. Inflation also can and does generally lead to higher interest rates, which have their own separate risks. See Risks Associated With Monetary Events and Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks in this Item 1A of this report. 
 Generally, in periods of economic downturns, including periods of rising interest rates and recessions, our realized credit losses increase, demand for our products and services declines, and the credit quality of our loan portfolio declines. 
 Our success depends significantly upon local, national and global economic and political conditions, as well as governmental monetary policies and trade relations. Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the markets where we operate and in the United States as a whole. Unlike banks that are more geographically diversified, we are a regional bank that provides services to customers primarily in Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota. The market conditions in these markets may be different from, and could be worse than, the economic conditions in the United States as a whole. As discussed elsewhere in this Item 1A, inflationary pressures have caused the Federal Reserve to recently increase interest rates and indicate its intention to continue to do so. Increases in interest rates in the past have led to recessions of various lengths and intensities and might lead to such a recession in the near future. Such a recession or any other adverse changes in business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the markets in which we operate could affect our business, including causing one or more of the following negative developments: 
 a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us; 
 a decrease in the value of the collateral securing our residential or commercial real estate loans; 
 a permanent impairment of our assets; or 
 16 

an increase in the number of customers or other counterparties who default on their loans or other obligations to us, which could result in a higher level of NPAs, net charge-offs and provision for loan losses. 
 Risks Associated with Monetary Events 
 The Federal Reserve has implemented significant economic strategies that have affected interest rates, inflation, asset values, and the shape of the yield curve. These strategies have had, and will continue to have, a significant impact on our business and on many of our clients. 
 In response to the recession in 2008 and the following uneven recovery, the Federal Reserve implemented a series of domestic monetary initiatives designed to lower interest rates and make credit easier to obtain. The Federal Reserve changed course in 2015, raising interest rates several times through 2018. Following a substantial and broad stock market decline in 2019, the Federal Reserve began to lower interest rates, which, until 2022, remained at historically low levels. In 2022, however, in response to inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates substantially. In 2023, the Federal Reserve has continued to increase interest rates and indicated its intent to further increase rates. These increases in interest rates can have significant and adverse effects upon our business as well as the business of many of our customers. 
 Federal Reserve strategies can, and often are intended to, affect the domestic money supply, inflation, interest rates, and the shape of the yield curve. 
 Effects on the yield curve often are most pronounced at the short end of the curve, which is of particular importance to us and other banks. Among other things, easing strategies are intended to lower interest rates, expand the money supply, and stimulate economic activity, while tightening strategies are intended to increase interest rates, tighten the money supply, and restrain economic activity. Many external factors may interfere with the effects of these plans or cause them to be changed, sometimes quickly. Such factors include significant economic trends or events as well as significant international monetary policies and events. Such strategies also can affect the U.S. and world-wide financial systems in ways that may be difficult to predict. Risks associated with interest rates and the yield curve are discussed in this Item 1A under the caption Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks . 
 Reputation Risks 
 Our ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain clients, is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and financial stability. 
 Our reputation is a key asset for us. Reputation risk, or the risk to our earnings, liquidity and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Our reputation is affected principally by our business practices and how those practices are perceived and understood by others. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and expose us to adverse legal and regulatory consequences. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices (including lending to certain customers that transact business in unpopular industries), corporate governance, regulatory compliance, securities compliance, mergers and acquisitions, from sharing or inadequate protection of customer information and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Negative public opinion could also result from adverse news or publicity that impairs the reputation of the financial services industry generally or that relates to parties with whom we have important relationships. Because we conduct most of our business under the Nicolet brand, negative public opinion about one business could affect our other businesses. 
 Credit and Counterparty Risks 
 We face the risk that our clients may not repay their loans or other obligations and that the realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid a charge-off. 
 We also face risks that other counterparties, in a wide range of situations, may fail to honor their obligations to pay us. In our business some level of credit charge-offs is unavoidable and overall levels of credit charge-offs can vary substantially over time. Lending activities are inherently risky. When we lend money or commit to lend, we incur credit risk or the risk of loss if borrowers do not repay their loans or other credit obligations. Credit risk includes, among other things, the quality of our underwriting, the impact of increases in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate as well as across the United States. 
 These conditions could adversely affect the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans or the value of the collateral securing these loans. If loan customers with significant loan balances fail to repay their loans, our results of operations, financial condition and capital levels will suffer. 
 17 

We are exposed to higher credit and concentration risk from our commercial-related lending. 
 Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans become concentrated to borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 78 of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial-related loans, including commercial and industrial loans, owner-occupied CRE, AG production and AG real estate, CRE investment, and construction and land-development loans. Our borrowers under these loans tend to be small to medium-sized businesses. These types of loans are typically larger than residential real estate loans or consumer loans. During periods of lower economic growth or challenging economic periods, small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more severely and more quickly than larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of such businesses to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions and commodity and real estate values and an increase in unemployment in certain states or locations could result in materially higher credit losses if loans are concentrated in those locations. Our loans are heavily concentrated in our primary markets of Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota. These markets may have different or weaker performance than other areas of the country and our portfolio may be more negatively impacted than a financial services company with wider geographic diversity. 
 The core industries in our market area are manufacturing, wholesaling, paper, packaging, food production and processing, agriculture, forest products, hospitality, retail, service, and businesses supporting the general building industry. The area has a broad range of diversified equipment manufacturing services related to these core industries and others. The residential and commercial real estate markets throughout these areas depend primarily on the strength of these core industries. A material decline in any of these sectors will affect the communities we serve and could negatively impact our financial results and have a negative impact on profitability. 
 If the communities in which we operate do not grow or if the prevailing economic conditions locally or nationally are less favorable than we have assumed, this may result in deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and the demand for our products and services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs, foreclosures, additional provision for credit losses, adverse asset values of the collateral securing our loans, and an overall material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio. These negative effects may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity and financial condition. 
 See the section captioned BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS - Loans under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, and Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8, for further discussion on commercial-related loans. 
 If our allowance for credit losses was required to be increased because it is not large enough to cover actual losses in our loan portfolio, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We maintain an ACL, which is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense. After adopting ASC 326, the ACL reflects our assessment of the current expected losses over the life of the loan using historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. CECL has created more volatility in the level of our ACL because it relies on macroeconomic forecasts. It is possible that CECL may increase the cost of lending in the industry and result in slower loan growth and lower levels of net income. The level of the allowance reflects our continuing evaluation of factors including current economic forecasts, historical loss experience, the volume and types of loans, and specific credit risks. The determination of the appropriate level of the ACL inherently involves subjectivity in our modeling and requires us to make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes or vary from our historical experience. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, changing economic forecasts, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the ACL. If we are required to materially increase our level of ACL for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our ACL and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Furthermore, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the ACL, we will need additional provisions to increase the ACL. Any increases in the ACL will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS - Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, for further discussion related to our process for determining the appropriate level of the ACL. 
 18 

Risks Related to Public Health Issues, Including COVID-19 
 Outbreaks of communicable diseases, including COVID-19 and its variants, have led to periods of significant volatility in financial, commodities (including oil and gas) and other markets, adversely affected our ability to conduct normal business, adversely affected our clients, and are likely to harm our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant disruption in the international and United States economies and financial markets and has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. This has recently been accompanied by a surge in flu and other respiratory illnesses of varying seriousness and magnitude. The spread of these diseases, including COVID variants, has caused illness and death resulting in quarantines, cancellation of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions, and overall economic and financial market instability. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the governments of the states in which we have branches, and most other states, periodically have taken preventative or protective actions, such as imposing restrictions on travel and business operations, advising or requiring individuals to limit or forego their time outside of their homes, and ordering temporary closures of businesses that have been deemed to be non-essential. These restrictions and other consequences of public health issues have resulted in significant adverse effects for many different types of businesses, including, among others, those in the hospitality (including hotels and lodging) and restaurant industries, and resulted in a significant number of layoffs and furloughs of employees nationwide and in the regions in which we operate. 
 Although we are taking precautions to protect the safety and well-being of our employees and customers, the unpredictability of the pandemic and public health issues could result in any of the following: 
 employees contracting these diseases, including COVID-19 or its variants; 
 reductions in operating effectiveness as employees work from home; 
 a work stoppage, forced quarantine, or other interruption of our business, including sustained closures of our business locations; 
 unavailability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business activities; 
 effects on key employees, including operational management personnel and those charged with preparing, monitoring, and evaluating our financial reporting and internal controls; 
 increased cybersecurity risks as a result of employees working remotely; 
 declines in demand for loans and other banking services and products; 
 reduced consumer spending due to job losses, inflation and other effects directly or indirectly attributable to the pandemic; 
 continued volatility in United States financial markets; 
 continued volatile performance of our investment securities portfolio; 
 decline in the credit quality of our loan portfolio resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in our markets, leading to a need to increase the ACL, as applicable; 
 declines in value of collateral for loans, including real estate collateral; 
 declines in the net worth and liquidity of borrowers and loan guarantors, impairing their ability to honor commitments to us, which may affect, among other things, the levels of NPAs, charge-offs, and provision expense; and 
 declines in demand resulting from businesses deemed to be non-essential by governments in the markets that we serve, and from both non-essential and essential businesses suffering adverse effects from reduced levels of economic activity. 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
 We are subject to a challenging regulatory environment that restricts our activities. 
 We operate in heavily regulated industries. Our regulatory burdens, including both operating restrictions and ongoing compliance costs, are substantial. We are subject to many banking, deposit, insurance, securities brokerage and underwriting, and consumer lending regulations in addition to the rules applicable to all companies whose securities are publicly traded in the U.S. securities markets. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in financial, structural, and operational penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with applicable regulations may increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. See Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this report, for additional information concerning financial industry regulations. Federal and state regulations significantly limit the types of activities in which we, as a financial institution, may engage. In addition, we are subject to a wide array of other regulations that govern other aspects of how we conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment and intellectual property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory authorities often change these regulations or adopt new ones. Actions could be taken that would further limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, further restrict our ability to 
 19 

collect on loans or related collateral, affect the terms or profitability of the products and services we offer, or materially and adversely affect us in other ways. The following paragraphs highlight certain specific important risk areas related to regulatory matters currently. These paragraphs do not describe these risks exhaustively, and they do not describe all such risks that we face currently. Moreover, the importance of specific risks may grow or diminish as circumstances change. 
 Failure to maintain certain regulatory capital levels and ratios could result in regulatory actions that would be materially adverse to our shareholders. 
 U.S. capital standards are discussed under the captions Capital Adequacy and Prompt Corrective Action in Part I, Item 1, and the caption Capital in Part II, Item 7, of this Report. Pressures to maintain appropriate capital levels and address business needs in a changing economy could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could be dilutive or otherwise have an adverse effect on our shareholders. Such actions could include: reduction or elimination of dividends; the issuance of common or preferred stock, or securities convertible into stock; or the issuance of any class of stock having rights that are adverse to those of the holders of our existing classes of common or preferred stock. In addition, these requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to lend, grow deposit balances, make acquisitions or make share repurchases or redemptions. Higher capital levels could also lower our return on equity. Additional information concerning these risks and our management of them, all of which is incorporated into this Item 1A by this reference, appears: under the captions Capital Adequacy and Prompt Corrective Action in Part I, Item 1 of this Report; under the caption Capital of Part II, Item 7; and Note 17, Regulatory Capital Requirements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Political dysfunction and volatility within the federal government, both at the regulatory and Congressional level, creates significant potential for major and abrupt shifts in federal policy regarding bank regulation, taxes, and the economy, any of which could have significant and adverse impacts on our business and financial performance. 
 Certain of our operations and customers are dependent on the regular operation of the federal or state government or programs they administer For example, our SBA lending program depends on interaction with the SBA, an independent agency of the federal government. During a lapse in funding, such as has occurred during previous federal government shutdowns , the SBA may not be able to engage in such interaction. Similarly, loans we make through USDA lending programs may be delayed or adversely affected by lapses in funding for the USDA. In addition, customers who depend directly or indirectly on providing goods and services to federal or state governments or their agencies may reduce their business with us or delay repayment of loans due to lost or delayed revenue from those relationships. If funding for these lending programs or federal spending generally is reduced as part of the appropriations process or by administrative decision, demand for our services may be reduced. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 Legal disputes are an unavoidable part of business, and the outcome of pending or threatened litigation cannot be predicted with any certainty. 
 We face the risk of litigation from clients, associates, vendors, contractual parties, and other persons, either singly or in class actions, and from federal or state regulators. We manage those risks through internal controls, personnel training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with any certainty. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. 
 Data privacy is becoming a major political concern. The laws governing it are new, and are likely to evolve and expand. 
 Many non-regulated, non-banking companies have gathered large amounts of personal details about millions of people, and have the ability to analyze that data and act on that analysis very quickly. This situation has prompted governmental responses. Two prominent responses are the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act. Neither is a banking industry regulation, but both apply to banks in relation to certain clients. Further general regulation to protect data privacy appears likely, and banking industry regulations might be enlarged as well. 
 Liquidity and Funding Risk 
 Liquidity is essential to our business model and a lack of liquidity, or an increase in the cost of liquidity could materially impair our ability to fund our operations and jeopardize our results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Liquidity represents an institution s ability to provide funds to satisfy demands from depositors, borrowers and other creditors by either converting assets into cash or accessing new or existing sources of incremental funds. Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that we may be unable to satisfy current or future funding requirements and needs. 
 20 

Deposit levels may be affected by several factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, returns available to customers on alternative investments, general economic and market conditions and other factors. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds but are subject to the borrowers ability to repay loans, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors including changes in general economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups or specific businesses, declines in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, natural disasters and other factors. Furthermore, loans generally are not readily convertible to cash. 
 From time to time, if deposits and loan payments are not sufficient to meet our needs, we may be required to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet growth in loans, deposit withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such secondary sources include FHLB advances, brokered deposits, secured and unsecured federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, Federal Reserve borrowings and/or accessing the equity or debt capital markets. The availability of these secondary funding sources is subject to broad economic conditions, to regulation and to investor assessment of our financial strength and, as such, the cost of funds may fluctuate significantly and/or the availability of such funds may be restricted, thus impacting our net interest income, our immediate liquidity and/or our access to additional liquidity. Additionally, if we fail to remain well-capitalized our ability to utilize brokered deposits may be restricted. We have somewhat similar risks to the extent high balance core deposits exceed the amount of deposit insurance coverage available. 
 We anticipate we will continue to rely primarily on deposits, loan repayments, and cash flows from our investment securities to provide liquidity. Additionally, when necessary, the secondary sources of borrowed funds described above will be used to augment our primary funding sources. An inability to maintain or raise funds (including the inability to access secondary funding sources) in amounts necessary to meet our liquidity needs would have a substantial negative effect, individually or collectively, on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities, or on terms attractive to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. For example, factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include our financial results, a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us, a reduction in our credit rating, any damage to our reputation, counterparty availability, changes in the activities of our business partners, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other assets, or any other event that could cause a decrease in depositor or investor confidence in our creditworthiness and business. Our access to liquidity could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as general business conditions, interest rate fluctuations, severe volatility or disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole, or legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets as well as the policies and capabilities of the U.S. government and its agencies, and may remain or become increasingly difficult due to economic and other factors beyond our control. Any such event or failure to manage our liquidity effectively could affect our competitive position, increase our borrowing costs and the interest rates we pay on deposits, limit our access to the capital markets and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Changes associated with LIBOR also may impact our funding ability; see Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks below. 
 Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks 
 We are subject to interest rate risk because a significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money, and investing in financial instruments. 
 A considerable amount of our profitability is dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income earned on loans and investment securities and interest expense paid on deposits and other borrowings. The absolute level of interest rates as well as changes in interest rates, including changes to the shape of the yield curve, may affect our level of interest income, the primary component of our gross revenue, as well as the level of our interest expense. In a period of changing interest rates, interest expense may increase at different rates than the interest earned on assets, impacting our net interest income. Interest rate fluctuations are caused by many factors which, for the most part, are not under our control. For example, national monetary policy implemented by the Federal Reserve plays a significant role in the determination of interest rates. Additionally, competitor pricing and the resulting negotiations that occur with our customers also impact the rates we collect on loans and pay on deposits. 
 If short-term interest rates rise, our results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to increase the rates we charge on loans or earn on our investment securities in excess of the increases we must pay on deposits and our other funding sources. As interest rates change, we expect that we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-bearing liabilities (usually deposits and borrowings) will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets (usually loans and investment securities), or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap may work against us, and our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively affected. 
 21 

A flat or inverted yield curve may reduce our net interest margin and adversely affect our loan and investment portfolios. 
 The yield curve is a reflection of interest rates applicable to short and long-term debt. The yield curve is steep when short-term rates are much lower than long-term rates; it is flat when short-term rates and long-term rates are nearly the same; and it is inverted when short-term rates exceed long-term rates. Historically, the yield curve is usually upward sloping (higher rates for longer terms). However, the yield curve can be relatively flat or inverted (downward sloping), which has happened several times in the past few years. A flat or inverted yield curve, which tends to decrease net interest margin, would adversely impact our lending businesses and investment portfolio. The Federal Reserve, consistent with long-term goals, has been raising rates in response to inflation. We cannot predict how long those conditions will exist. See Risks Associated with Monetary Events within this section of the Report for additional information. 
 Discontinuance of, and transition away from, LIBOR (and any other reference rates) may adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, ceased publication of one-week and two-month USD LIBOR on a representative basis on December 31, 2021. The remaining USD LIBOR settings (i.e., overnight, one month, three month, six month and 12 month) will cease or become non-representative immediately after June 30, 2023. 
 We no longer originate loans that reference LIBOR. New floating rate loans reference alternative reference rates, such as SOFR or Prime. LIBOR and other benchmarks which rely upon LIBOR (or LIBOR transactions) for their calculation, however, remain the reference rate in a substantial number of our outstanding debt securities, derivatives, corporate and commercial loans, consumer loans, residential mortgages loans, credit cards, structured products, and other assets and liabilities. Discontinuance of, and transition away from, such reference rates present various uncertainties and operational, legal, reputational, compliance, financial and other risks and challenges. 
 For example, LIBOR-based products and contracts, may contain language requiring us to undertake certain actions to determine a successor rate to the existing benchmark or to exercise discretion in selection of such rate. We may face a risk of litigation, disputes or other actions from clients, counterparties, customers, investors or others based on various claims, for example that we incorrectly interpreted or enforced such contract provisions or failed to appropriately communicate or effectuate such transition. 
 Other LIBOR-based products and contracts may have no fallback provisions, and we are assessing and planning to utilize relevant contractual and statutory solutions, including the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022 and the implementing rules by the Federal Reserve (collectively, the LIBOR Act ), to transition such products and contracts. 
 It is possible that the characteristics of alternative reference rates may not be sufficiently similar to, or produce the economic equivalent of, the benchmark rates that they are intended to replace. For example, SOFR is a riskless rate. Historically, in periods of economic or financial industry stress, riskless rates that are analogous to SOFR have been relatively stable. In contrast, LIBOR, which is designed to reflect the credit risk of banks, has widened relative to riskless rates, reflecting increased uncertainty regarding the creditworthiness of banks. SOFR, because it is riskless, tends to be a lower rate than LIBOR. To address these differences between LIBOR and SOFR, industry-recommended LIBOR fallback provisions and the LIBOR ACT include a concept of an adjustment spread that is applied when a LIBOR-based contract falls back to SOFR and that is calculated based on a five-year median look-back of the historical spot difference between the applicable LIBOR tenor and the applicable SOFR tenor. However, because any such adjustment spread is and will be based on a historical median, such adjustment spreads have not, and are likely in the future to not, reflect the spot difference between LIBOR and SOFR at certain points in time and there may be a value transfer between the contracting parties over the life of the instrument because the all-in rate applied to a contract, even taking into account the spread adjustment, might have behaved differently over the life of the instrument in the absence of LIBOR cessation. 
 Impacts from a change in reference rate would likely include changes to the yield on, and value of, loans or securities held by us, and amounts paid on debt we have issued. Any theoretical benefit to us could result in counterparty dissatisfaction, which, in turn could lead to litigation, potentially as class actions, or other adverse consequences, including dissatisfied customers or impaired relationships with financial institution counterparties resulting in loss of business. 
 In sum, the transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate is complex and the failure to adequately manage the transition could have a range of material adverse effects, including the potential to: 
 adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, and the revenue and expenses associated with, our floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, borrowings, derivatives and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally; 
 adversely affect the value of our floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, borrowings, derivatives and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, or other securities or financial arrangements given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally; 
 22 

prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of our preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; 
 result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based securities; and 
 require the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition our risk management processes from LIBOR-based products to those based on the applicable alternative pricing benchmark. 
 Accounting and Tax Risks 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make significant assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the financial statements. 
 Management must make significant assumptions and estimates and exercise significant judgment in selecting and applying accounting and reporting policies. In some cases, management must select a policy from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, which may result in reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. The estimate that is consistently one of our most critical is the level of the allowance for credit losses. However, other estimates can be highly significant at discrete times or during periods of varying length, for example the valuation (or impairment) of our deferred tax assets. Estimates are made at specific points in time. As actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the future, we may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, or we may recognize a significant provision for impairment of assets, or we may make some other adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that we make today. Moreover, in some cases, especially concerning litigation and other contingency matters where critical information is inadequate, often we are unable to make estimates until fairly late in a lengthy process. 
 In addition, changes in accounting standards or interpretations could negatively impact our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 The accounting standard setters, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC and other regulatory agencies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For additional information, refer to Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, under Part II, Item 8 of this Report. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the recasting of our prior period financial statements. 
 We could be subject to changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our income tax provision. 
 We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any change in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretations, any adverse outcome in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments and results of operations. 
 Our internal controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 Maintaining and adapting our internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and effective corporate governance policies and procedures controls and procedures is expensive and requires significant management attention. Moreover, as we continue to grow, our controls and procedures may become more complex and require additional resources to ensure they remain effective amid dynamic regulatory and other guidance. Failure to implement effective controls and procedures or circumvention of our controls and procedures could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition or cause us to fail to meet our public reporting obligations. 
 Geographic and Climate Risks 
 We are subject to risks of operating in various jurisdictions. 
 Our success is also influenced heavily by population growth, income levels, loans and deposits and on stability in real estate values in our markets. To a significant degree our banking business is exposed to economic, regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that primarily impact the mid-western U.S. states where we do most of our traditional banking business. If those regions of the U.S. did not grow or were to experience adversity not shared by other parts of the country, we are likely to experience adversity to a degree not shared by those competitors which have a broader or different regional footprint. If market and economic conditions deteriorate, this may lead to valuation adjustments on our loan portfolio and losses on defaulted loans and on the sale of other real estate owned. 
 23 

Additionally, such adverse economic conditions in our market areas, specifically decreases in real estate property values due to the nature of our loan portfolio, the majority of which is secured by real estate, could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 39 of our loans were secured by commercial-based real estate, 11 of loans were secured by agriculture-based real estate, and 21 of our loans were secured by residential real estate. We are less able than larger institutions to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a larger number of more diverse economies. 
 Natural disasters and weather-related events exacerbated by climate change could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We operate in markets in which natural disasters, including tornadoes, severe storms, fires, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes have occurred. Such natural disasters could significantly affect the local population and economies, the activities of many of our customers and clients, and our business, and could pose physical risks to our properties. Although our banking offices are geographically dispersed throughout portions of the midwestern United States and we maintain insurance coverage for such events, a significant natural disaster in or near one or more of our markets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 The markets in which we operate also are exposed to the adverse impacts of climate change, as well as uncertainties related to the transition to a low-carbon economy. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to us and our customers and clients, with the risks expected to increase over time. 
 Climate risks can arise from both physical risks (those risks related to the physical effects of climate change) and transition risks (risks related to regulatory, compliance, technological, stakeholder and legal changes from a transition to a low-carbon economy). The physical and transition risks can manifest themselves differently across our risk categories in the short, medium and long terms. 
 The physical risk from climate change could result from increased frequency and/or severity of adverse weather events. For example, adverse weather events could damage or destroy our properties or our counterparties properties and other assets and disrupt operations, making it more difficult for counterparties to repay their obligations, whether due to reduced profitability, asset devaluations or otherwise. These events could also increase the volatility in financial markets and increase our counterparty exposures and other financial risks, which may result in lower revenues and higher cost of credit. 
 Transition risks may arise from changes in regulations or market preferences toward a low-carbon economy, which in turn could have negative impacts on asset values, results of operations or our reputation or that of our customers and clients. For example, our corporate credit exposures include industries that may experience reduced demand for carbon-intensive products due to the transition to a low-carbon economy. Moreover, banking regulators and others are increasingly focusing on the issue of climate risk at financial institutions, both directly and with respect to their clients. As an example, although not currently applicable to us, on December 16, 2021, the OCC requested feedback on draft principles designed to support the identification and management of climate-related financial risks at institutions with more than 100 billion in total consolidated assets. 
 Even as regulators, such as the SEC, begin to propose or mandate additional disclosure of climate-related information by companies across sectors, there may continue to be a lack of information for more robust climate-related risk analyses. Third party exposures to climate-related risks and other data generally are limited in availability and variable in quality. Modeling capabilities to analyze climate-related risks and interconnections are improving but remain incomplete. Legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate-related risk management and disclosures are likely to result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit, reputational and other risks and costs (for additional information, see the ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes risk factor above). In addition, we could face increased regulatory, reputational and legal scrutiny as a result of its climate risk. 
 Stock Holding and Governance Risks 
 We have historically not paid dividends; moreover, the inability of our subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends or other distributions to the Holding Company could adversely affect its liquidity and ability to declare and pay dividends. 
 The holders of our common stock receive dividends only if and when declared by the Nicolet board of directors out of legally available funds. Nicolet s board of directors has not declared a dividend on the common stock since our inception in 2000. Any future determination relating to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of Nicolet s board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including the company s future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, regulatory restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. Our principal source of funds that would be used to pay cash dividends on our common and preferred stock is dividends that we receive from the Bank. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay, as described under Regulation of the Bank Payment of Dividends in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. The federal banking agencies have also issued policy statements which provide that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current earnings. The Federal Reserve may 
 24 

also prevent the payment of a dividend by the Bank if it determines that the payment would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Holding Company and the Bank must also maintain the CET1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions, including dividends. If the Bank is not permitted to pay cash dividends to the Holding Company, it is unlikely that we would be able to continue to pay interest on our indebtedness. 
 Holders of our indebtedness have rights that are senior to those of our common shareholders. 
 We have supported our continued growth by issuing trust preferred securities and accompanying junior subordinated debentures and by assuming the trust preferred securities and accompanying junior subordinated debentures issued by companies we have acquired. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding trust preferred securities and associated junior subordinated debentures with an aggregate par principal amount of approximately 49.8 million and 48.0 million, respectively. 
 We have unconditionally guaranteed the payment of principal and interest on our trust preferred securities. Also, the junior subordinated debentures issued to the special purpose trusts that relate to those trust preferred securities are senior to our common stock. As a result, we must make payments on the junior subordinated debentures before we can pay any dividends on our common stock, and in the event of our bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, holders of our junior subordinated debentures must be satisfied before any distributions can be made on our common stock. We do have the right to defer distributions on our junior subordinated debentures (and related trust preferred securities) for up to five years, but during that time would not be able to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 We may from time to time issue additional senior or subordinated indebtedness or preferred stock that would have to be repaid before our shareholders would be entitled to receive any of our assets. 
 Nicolet s directors and executive officers own a significant portion of our common stock and can influence shareholder decisions. 
 Our directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially owned approximately 18 of our fully diluted issued and outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result of their ownership, our directors and executive officers have the ability, if they voted their shares in concert, to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of directors. 
 Our stock price can be volatile. 
 Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors, some of which are unrelated to our financial performance, including, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; 
 recommendations by securities analysts; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry; 
 perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and/or our competitors; 
 new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 
 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; 
 failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; 
 changes in government regulations; or 
 geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism, military conflicts, the effects (or perceived effects) of pandemics and trade relations. 
 General market fluctuations, including real or anticipated changes in the strength of the local economy; industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions; interest rate changes, oil price volatility or credit loss trends could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of our operating results. 
 Nicolet s corporate organizational documents and the provisions of Wisconsin law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition of Nicolet that you may favor. 
 25 

Nicolet s amended and restated articles of incorporation, as amended (our articles ), and bylaws, as amended (our bylaws ), contain various provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control of Nicolet. These provisions include: 
 a provision allowing the Board to consider the interests of our employees, customers, suppliers and creditors when considering an acquisition proposal; 
 a provision that all amendments to the articles and bylaws must be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote; 
 a provision requiring that any merger or share exchange involving Nicolet be approved by either: (i) two-thirds of the Nicolet directors then in office and a majority of Nicolet s outstanding shares of common stock; or (ii) a majority of the Nicolet directors then in officer and two-thirds of Nicolet s outstanding shares of common stock; 
 a provision restricting removal of directors except for cause and upon the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote; 
 a provision that any special meeting of shareholders may be called only by the chief executive officer pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the board of directors or the holders of 10 of the outstanding shares of Nicolet s capital stock entitled to vote; and 
 a provision establishing certain advance notice procedures for matters to be considered at an annual meeting of shareholders. 
 Additionally, Nicolet s articles authorize the Board to issue shares of preferred stock without shareholder approval and upon such terms as the Board may determine. The issuance of our preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, a controlling interest in us. In addition, certain provisions of Wisconsin law, including a provision which restricts certain business combinations between a Wisconsin corporation and certain affiliated shareholders, may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of Nicolet. 
 Our stockholders may suffer dilution if we raise capital through public or private equity financings to fund our operations, to increase our capital, or to expand. 
 If we raise funds by issuing equity securities or instruments that are convertible into equity securities, the percentage ownership of our current common stockholders will be reduced, the new equity securities may have rights and preferences superior to those of our common or outstanding preferred stock, and additional issuances could be at a sales price which is dilutive to current stockholders. We may issue or be required to issue additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or representing rights to acquire shares of common stock in order to maintain capital at desired or regulatory-required levels. We could also issue additional equity securities directly as consideration in acquisitions of other financial institutions or other investments that we may make that would be dilutive to stockholders in terms of voting power and share-of-ownership, and could be dilutive financially or economically. 
 Nicolet s securities are not FDIC insured. 
 Our securities are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of the Bank, and are not insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund, or any other agency or private entity and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of some or all of the value of your investment. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The corporate headquarters of both the Parent Company and the Bank are located at 111 North Washington Street, Green Bay, Wisconsin. At year-end 2022, including the main office, the Bank operated 55 bank branch locations, 43 of which are owned and 12 that are leased. In addition, Nicolet owns or leases other real property that, when considered in aggregate, is not significant to its financial position. Most of the offices are free-standing, newer buildings that provide adequate access, customer parking, and drive-through and/or ATM services. The properties are in good condition and considered adequate for present and near term requirements. None of the owned properties are subject to a mortgage or similar encumbrance. 
 Two leased locations involve directors, with lease terms that management considers arms-length. For additional disclosure, see Note 15, Related Party Transactions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. 
 26 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We and our subsidiaries may be involved from time to time in various routine legal proceedings incidental to our respective businesses. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are currently engaged in any legal proceedings that are expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. For additional disclosure, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stock . Nicolet s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NIC . As of February 20, 2023, Nicolet had approximately 3,700 shareholders of record. 
 Dividends . Nicolet has not paid dividends on its common stock since its inception in 2000. The payment of dividends is a decision of our Board based upon then-existing circumstances, including our rate of growth, profitability, financial condition, existing and anticipated capital requirements, the amount of funds legally available for the payment of cash dividends, regulatory constraints and such other factors as the Board determines relevant. For the foreseeable future, we do not intend to declare cash dividends, as we intend to retain earnings to grow our business and strengthen our capital base, while returning value to our shareholders by continuing to repurchase shares from time to time. Any cash dividends paid by Nicolet on its common stock must comply with applicable Federal Reserve policies described further in Business Regulation of Nicolet Dividend Restrictions. The Bank is also subject to regulatory restrictions on the amount of dividends it is permitted to pay to Nicolet as further described in Business Regulation of the Bank Payment of Dividends and in Note 17, Regulatory Capital Requirements, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. 
 Stock Repurchases . The following table contains information regarding purchases of Nicolet s common stock made during fourth quarter 2022 by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined by Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act. 
 Period: Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (#) (a) 
 Average Price Paid per Share ) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (#) Maximum Number of 
 Shares that May Yet 
 Be Purchased Under 
 the Plans 
 or Programs (#) (b) 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 390 73.84 November 1 November 30, 2022 3,278 80.79 December 1 December 31, 2022 10,000 78.55 10,000 Total 13,668 78.95 10,000 595,300 
 (a) During fourth quarter 2022, the Company withheld 1,784 common shares for minimum tax withholding settlements on restricted stock and the Company withheld 1,884 common shares to satisfy the exercise price and tax withholding requirements on stock option exercises. These are not considered repurchases and, therefore, do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the board of directors authorization. 
 (b) The board of directors approved a common stock repurchase program which authorized, with subsequent modifications, the use of up to 276 million to repurchase outstanding shares of common stock. This common stock repurchase program was last modified on April 19, 2022, and has no expiration date. At December 31, 2022, approximately 48 million remained available under this common stock repurchase program, or approximately 595,300 shares of common stock (based on the closing stock price of 79.79 on December 31, 2022). 
 
 27 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock compared with the KBW NASDAQ Bank Index, the S P 500 Index, and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index for the period of December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The KBW NASDAQ Bank Index tracks the performance of 24 banking stocks representing the large U.S. national money centers, regional banks, and thrift institutions, while the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index tracks the performance of all U.S. domiciled bank companies with float-adjusted market capitalization of at least 100 million. In 2022, the Company elected to move to the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index as it provides a broader view of the banking industry rather than only focusing on the largest bank organizations. The graph assumes the value of the investment in the Company s common stock and in each index was 100 on December 31, 2017. Historical stock price performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of the future price performance. The following performance graph does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate the performance graphs by reference therein. 

Period Ending Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 100.00 89.15 134.91 121.21 156.65 145.76 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P U.S. BMI Bank Index 100.00 83.54 114.74 100.10 136.10 112.89 KBW Nasdaq Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 
 Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 28 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion is management s analysis to assist in the understanding and evaluation of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Nicolet. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and footnotes presented elsewhere in this report. 
 The Company s financial performance and certain balance sheet line items were impacted by the timing and size of Nicolet s 2022 and 2021 acquisitions. Nicolet acquired Charter Bankshares, Inc. Charter on August 26, 2022, County Bancorp, Inc. County on December 3, 2021, and Mackinac Financial Corporation Mackinac on September 3, 2021. Certain income statement results, average balances and related ratios for 2022 include partial contributions from Charter, while 2021 results include partial contributions from County and Mackinac, each from the respective acquisition date. Additional information on Nicolet s recent acquisition activity is included in Note 2, Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 The detailed financial discussion that follows focuses on 2022 results compared to 2021. For a discussion of 2021 results compared to 2020, see the information under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022, which information under that caption is incorporated herein by reference. Historical results of operations are not necessarily predictive of future results. 
 
 Overview 
 Economic Outlook 
 Growth in economic activity and demand for goods and services, combined with labor shortages, supply chain complications and geopolitical matters, have contributed to rising inflation. In response, the Federal Reserve has raised interest rates from a target range of 0.00 -0.25 in early March 2022 to 4.25 -4.50 at the end of December 2022. In addition, the Federal Reserve raised the target range to 4.50 -4.75 in early February 2023, and continues to signal the potential for additional increases in the target range to mitigate the hardships caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, continued supply chain disruptions, and elevated global uncertainty. The tightening of the Federal Reserve s monetary policies, including these increases in the target range and the tapering of the Federal Reserve s balance sheet, combined with ongoing economic and political instability, increases the risk of an economic recession. While forecasts vary, many economists are projecting that U.S. economic growth will slow and inflation will remain elevated in the coming quarters, potentially resulting in a contraction of the U.S. gross domestic output in 2023. The timing and impact of inflation and rising interest rates on our business and related financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 2022 Highlights 
 In 2022, Nicolet delivered on growth, profitability, capital positioning, and sound asset quality management. On August 26, 2022, Nicolet completed its acquisition of Charter for a total purchase price of 137 million, including the issuance of 1.26 million shares of common stock valued at 98 million and the remainder in cash consideration. Charter added total assets of 1.1 billion, loans of 827 million, and deposits of 870 million, at acquisition. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 94 million and earnings per diluted common share was 6.56, compared to net income of 61 million and earnings per diluted common share of 5.44 for 2021. Net income reflected non-core items and the related tax effect of each, including merger and integration related expenses, Day 2 credit provision expense required under the CECL model, branch optimization costs, and gains on other assets and investments. For the full year, non-core items negatively impacted diluted earnings per common share 0.34 for 2022 and 1.13 for 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, Nicolet had total assets of 8.8 billion, an increase of 1.1 billion (14 over December 31, 2021, largely due to the acquisition of Charter. Total loans increased 1.6 billion (34 from December 31, 2021, including the Charter acquisition and the repurchase of approximately 100 million previously participated agriculture loans, as well as strong organic loan growth. Excluding the 827 million of loans acquired with Charter and the repurchased agriculture loans, organic loan growth was 14 from December 31, 2021. Total deposits increased 713 million (11 from December 31, 2021, also largely due to the acquisition of Charter, while total borrowings increased 325 million, with approximately half acquired with Charter and the remainder related to new FHLB advances. Total stockholders equity was 973 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 81 million since December 31, 2021, mostly due to the common stock issued in the Charter acquisition, as well as solid earnings, offset by unfavorable changes in the fair value of available for sale securities and common stock repurchases executed early in 2022. 
 Nonperforming assets were 40 million and represented 0.46 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 56 million or 0.73 at year-end 2021, with the decline due to a 6 million improvement in nonaccrual loans and a 10 million reduction in other real estate owned (primarily sales of closed bank branches). The allowance for credit losses-loans increased to 62 million (1.00 of loans), mostly due to the Day 2 allowance increase from the Charter acquisition. 
 29 

Nicolet remains well positioned to execute its core strategy of providing shared success to its employees, customers, and shareholders after recording a record year of net income and earnings per share during 2022. The board and management team met several challenges throughout the year, most notably positioning the bank to manage the rapid increase in interest rates as the Federal Reserve aggressively attempted to curb inflationary pressures. The swift change in interest rates in the first half of the year caused a notable change in the market value of Nicolet s securities portfolio, thus negatively impacting common equity, book values, and certain non-regulatory capital ratios. The additional pressure on common equity balances caused management to pause its share repurchase program for the first time in several years in April 2022. Additionally, while the acquisition of Charter Bankshares was successfully announced, closed, and integrated during 2022, the cash consideration in the transaction coupled with changes in mark-to-market accounting due to rapidly changing interest rates placed additional pressure on Nicolet s capital. We view this pressure as temporary, as the combination of strong earnings, a stable balance sheet, and more predictable interest rates is expected to cause an increase in our common equity and related metrics and ratios. 
 In 2023, Nicolet s board and management team have outlined certain strategic objectives it hopes to achieve, including the continued integration of the Charter acquisition, the cultural assimilation in the wealth management area due to high profile hires in late 2022, and a renewed focus on gathering core deposits. While the financial and physical integration of Charter was completed shortly after closing the merger, the cultural integration will continue well into 2023. As we have experienced with all of our past eight bank acquisitions, melding two cultures takes patience and effort by our entire employee base. While we are encouraged by what we ve experienced through the first few months since closing, we also understand it takes time for employees and customers in new markets to understand how we operate. Nicolet has quickly made significant investments in our new communities of Eau Claire and Chetek, Wisconsin, and Chaska and Chanhassen, Minnesota, including a new branch in Lake Hallie, Wisconsin, which is expected to open in mid-2023. Similarly, Nicolet hired a highly experienced, well-known, and highly regarded financial advisor to its wealth team in fourth quarter 2022 and assembled a seasoned team of private bankers and wealth professionals in northern Michigan. Those hires have already resulted in several new account openings and added assets under management in a short period. This allows management the opportunity to assess its current product offerings and staffing levels, which will likely evolve during 2023. 
 The new interest rate environment has placed additional challenges on the banking industry as a whole, which Nicolet is certainly not immune to. We are in an interest rate environment last seen more than 15 years ago. Higher rates have caused our funding costs to increase more quickly than the yield earned from our securities and loan portfolios due to their fixed rate concentration. While we see ourselves as an asset sensitive bank, meaning our net interest income increases in a rising rate environment, we also require the benefit of time for our loan portfolio to price. As a result, we expect our net interest margin to remain under some pressure during the first quarter of 2023, and begin to steadily improve once the Federal Reserve pauses interest rate hikes. Management has also placed a renewed emphasis on core deposit gathering in 2023, as the cost of core deposits is typically lower than wholesale borrowing options. However, several other banks and credit unions are in a similar position, and thus, we expect competition for local deposits will be intense throughout the year. Finally, higher rates have lowered the market value of our securities portfolio, thus lowering our common equity through mark-to-market accounting. While we see this as temporary, it did cause management to take a more conservative approach to managing capital, and thus pause the share buyback program in April 2022. The program remains on pause through early 2023 (beyond a small private purchase transaction), and management expects it to restart at some point during 2023, as common equity levels have rebounded due to strong retained earnings, and a shift in interest rates has improved the unrealized losses on securities available for sale. 

30 

Table 1: Earnings Summary and Selected Financial Data 
 At and for the years ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Results of operations: Net interest income 239,961 157,955 129,338 Provision for credit losses 11,500 14,900 10,300 Noninterest income 57,920 67,364 62,626 Noninterest expense 160,644 129,297 100,719 Income before income tax expense 125,737 81,122 80,945 Income tax expense 31,477 20,470 20,476 Net income 94,260 60,652 60,469 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 347 Net income attributable to Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 94,260 60,652 60,122 Earnings per common share: Basic 6.78 5.65 5.82 Diluted 6.56 5.44 5.70 Common shares: Basic weighted average 13,909 10,736 10,337 Diluted weighted average 14,375 11,145 10,541 Year-End Balances: Loans 6,180,499 4,621,836 2,789,101 Allowance for credit losses - loans ACL-Loans 
 61,829 49,672 32,173 Total assets 8,763,969 7,695,037 4,551,789 Deposits 7,178,921 6,465,916 3,910,399 Stockholders equity (common) 972,529 891,891 539,189 Book value per common share 66.20 63.73 53.86 Tangible book value per common share (1) 
 38.81 39.47 36.34 Financial Ratios: Return on average assets 1.20 1.15 1.41 Return on average common equity 10.63 9.74 11.40 Return on average tangible common equity (1) 
 17.96 14.74 16.76 Stockholders equity to assets 11.10 11.59 11.85 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 
 6.82 7.51 8.31 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures: Adjusted net income reconciliation: (2) 
 Net income attributable to Nicolet (GAAP) 94,260 60,652 60,122 Adjustments: Provision expense related to merger 8,000 14,400 Assets (gains) losses, net (3,130) (4,181) 1,805 Merger-related expense 1,664 5,651 1,020 Branch closure expense 944 500 Adjustments subtotal 6,534 16,814 3,325 Tax on Adjustments (25 effective tax rate) 1,634 4,204 831 Adjustments, net of tax 4,901 12,611 2,494 Adjusted net income attributable to Nicolet (Non-GAAP) 99,161 73,263 62,616 Adjusted Diluted earnings per common share (Non-GAAP) 6.90 6.57 5.94 Tangible assets: Total assets 8,763,969 7,695,037 4,551,789 Goodwill and other intangibles, net 402,438 339,492 175,353 Tangible assets 8,361,531 7,355,545 4,376,436 Tangible common equity: Stockholders equity (common) 972,529 891,891 539,189 Goodwill and other intangibles, net 402,438 339,492 175,353 Tangible common equity 570,091 552,399 363,836 Tangible average common equity: Average stockholders equity (common) 886,385 622,903 527,428 Average goodwill and other intangibles, net 361,471 211,463 168,802 Average tangible common equity 524,914 411,440 358,626 
 (1) The ratios of tangible book value per common share, return on average tangible common equity, and tangible common equity to tangible assets exclude goodwill and other intangibles, net. These non-GAAP financial ratios have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. 
 (2) The adjusted net income measure and related reconciliation provide information useful to investors in understanding the operating performance and trends of Nicolet and also to aid investors in the comparison of Nicolet s financial performance to the financial performance of peer banks. 
 31 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We identify tangible book value per common share, return on average tangible common equity, tangible common equity to tangible assets adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per common share as non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with the SEC s rules, we identify certain financial measures as non-GAAP financial measures if such financial measures exclude or include amounts in the most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in effect in the United States in our statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures, ratios or statistical measures calculated using exclusively financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Management believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures (a) are important metrics used to analyze and evaluate our financial condition and capital strength and provide important supplemental information that contributes to a proper understanding of our operating performance and trends, (b) enables a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business, and (c) allows investors to compare our financial performance to the financial performance of our peers and to evaluate our performance in a manner similar to management, the financial services industry, bank stock analysts, and bank regulators. Management uses non-GAAP measures as follows: in the preparation of our operating budgets, financial performance reporting, and in our presentation to investors of our performance. However, we acknowledge that these non-GAAP financial measures have a number of limitations. Limitations associated with non-GAAP financial measures include the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items comprising these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. These disclosures should not be considered an alternative to our GAAP results. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is presented in the table above. 
 
 INCOME STATEMENT ANALYSIS 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the primary source of Nicolet s revenue, and is the difference between interest income on earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings. Net interest income is directly impacted by the sensitivity of the balance sheet to changes in interest rates and by the amount, mix and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, including characteristics such as the fixed or variable nature of the financial instruments, contractual maturities, and repricing frequencies. Tax-equivalent net interest income is a non-GAAP measure, but is a preferred industry measurement of net interest income (and is used in calculating a net interest margin) as it enhances the comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources. Tables 2 and 3 present information to facilitate the review and discussion of selected average balance sheet items, tax-equivalent net interest income, interest rate spread, and net interest margin. 
 32 

Table 2: Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Income Analysis - Tax-Equivalent Basis 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate ASSETS Interest-earning assets PPP Loans 4,872 1,392 28.57 141,510 16,672 11.78 220,544 8,062 3.66 All other commercial-based loans 4,377,313 202,692 4.63 2,477,608 114,089 4.60 2,088,149 105,643 5.06 Retail-based loans 873,461 39,735 4.55 564,563 25,883 4.58 478,894 22,776 4.76 Total loans, including loan fees (1)(2) 
 5,255,646 243,819 4.64 3,183,681 156,644 4.92 2,787,587 136,481 4.90 Investment securities: Taxable 1,389,956 21,383 1.54 592,561 9,934 1.68 354,430 8,118 2.29 Tax-exempt (2) 
 229,316 6,192 2.70 145,979 3,113 2.13 135,779 2,961 2.18 Total investment securities 1,619,272 27,575 1.70 738,540 13,047 1.77 490,209 11,079 2.26 Other interest-earning assets 232,531 4,437 1.91 797,196 2,909 0.36 572,016 2,611 0.46 Total non-loan earning assets 1,851,803 32,012 1.73 1,535,736 15,956 1.04 1,062,225 13,690 1.29 Total interest-earning assets 7,107,449 275,831 3.88 4,719,417 172,600 3.66 3,849,812 150,171 3.90 Other assets, net 730,246 552,046 405,395 Total assets 7,837,695 5,271,463 4,255,207 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Interest-bearing liabilities Savings 875,530 2,075 0.24 644,525 382 0.06 422,171 700 0.17 Interest-bearing demand 999,700 4,382 0.44 725,686 2,816 0.39 562,370 3,938 0.70 Money market accounts MMA 1,553,131 6,696 0.43 994,866 613 0.06 749,877 1,502 0.20 Core time deposits 558,840 2,171 0.39 364,069 2,846 0.78 390,216 6,023 1.54 Total interest-bearing core deposits 3,987,201 15,324 0.38 2,729,146 6,657 0.24 2,124,634 12,163 0.57 Brokered deposits 490,871 6,428 1.31 308,091 3,791 1.23 289,489 4,478 1.55 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,478,072 21,752 0.49 3,037,237 10,448 0.34 2,414,123 16,641 0.69 PPPLF 161,634 571 0.35 Other interest-bearing liabilities 298,852 12,205 4.08 103,156 3,156 3.06 84,751 2,652 3.13 Total wholesale funding 298,852 12,205 4.08 103,156 3,156 3.06 246,385 3,223 1.31 Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,776,924 33,957 0.71 3,140,393 13,604 0.43 2,660,508 19,864 0.75 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 2,135,852 1,461,850 1,025,625 Other liabilities 38,534 46,317 41,646 Stockholders equity 886,385 622,903 527,428 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 7,837,695 5,271,463 4,255,207 Tax-equivalent net interest income and rate spread 241,874 3.17 158,996 3.23 130,307 3.15 Tax-equivalent adjustment and net free funds 1,913 0.23 1,041 0.14 969 0.23 Net interest income and net interest margin 239,961 3.40 157,955 3.37 129,338 3.38 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in the daily average loan balances outstanding. 
 (2) The yield on tax-exempt loans and tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal tax rate of 21 and adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense. 
 33 

Table 3: Volume/Rate Variance - Tax-Equivalent Basis 
 (in thousands) 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes in 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes in 
 Volume Rate Net (1) 
 Volume Rate Net (1) 
 Interest-earning assets PPP Loans (19,160) 3,880 (15,280) (3,850) 12,460 8,610 All other commercial-based loans 101,805 (13,202) 88,603 19,329 (10,883) 8,446 Retail-based loans 12,804 1,048 13,852 4,919 (1,812) 3,107 Total loans, including loan fees (2) (3) 
 95,449 (8,274) 87,175 20,398 (235) 20,163 Investment securities: Taxable 10,595 854 11,449 2,723 (907) 1,816 Tax-exempt (3) 
 2,100 979 3,079 218 (66) 152 Total investment securities 12,695 1,833 14,528 2,941 (973) 1,968 Other interest-earning assets (480) 2,008 1,528 552 (254) 298 Total non-loan earning assets 12,215 3,841 16,056 3,493 (1,227) 2,266 Total interest-earning assets 107,664 (4,433) 103,231 23,891 (1,462) 22,429 Interest-bearing liabilities Savings 181 1,512 1,693 261 (579) (318) Interest-bearing demand 1,167 399 1,566 943 (2,065) (1,122) MMA 520 5,563 6,083 382 (1,271) (889) Core time deposits 1,128 (1,803) (675) (380) (2,797) (3,177) Total interest-bearing core deposits 2,996 5,671 8,667 1,206 (6,712) (5,506) Brokered deposits 2,379 258 2,637 274 (961) (687) Total interest-bearing deposits 5,375 5,929 11,304 1,480 (7,673) (6,193) PPPLF (286) (285) (571) Other interest-bearing liabilities 7,897 1,152 9,049 1,195 (691) 504 Total wholesale funding 7,897 1,152 9,049 909 (976) (67) Total interest-bearing liabilities 13,272 7,081 20,353 2,389 (8,649) (6,260) Net interest income 94,392 (11,514) 82,878 21,502 7,187 28,689 
 (1) The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated in proportion to the relationship of dollar amounts of change in each. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale are included in the daily average loan balances outstanding. 
 (3) The yield on tax-exempt loans and tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal tax rate of 21 and adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense. 
 Comparison of 2022 versus 2021 
 The Federal Reserve raised short-term interest rates a total of 425 bps since mid-March 2022, increasing the Federal Funds rate to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 as of December 31, 2022. Prior to this, short-term interest rates remained steady since March 2020, with a Federal Funds rate of 0.00 to 0.25 . 
 Tax-equivalent net interest income was 242 million for 2022, comprised of net interest income of 240 million 82 million or 52 higher than 2021) and a 2 million tax-equivalent adjustment. The increase in tax-equivalent net interest income was attributable to net favorable volumes (which added 94 million, mostly from interest-earning asset volumes added with the recent acquisitions, as well as solid loan growth and strategic investment purchases in fourth quarter 2021) and net unfavorable rates (which decreased net interest income 12 million from higher deposit rates and the lag in repricing the loan portoflio to current market interest rates). 
 Average interest-earning assets were 7.1 billion for 2022, 2.4 billion (51 higher than 2021, primarily due to the acquisitions of Mackinac, County, and Charter (in September 2021, December 2021, and August 2022, respectively). Average loans increased 2.1 billion (65 to 5.3 billion, largely due to the timing of the acquisitions (with Mackinac adding 940 million at acquisition, County adding 1.0 billion at acquisition, and Charter adding 827 million at acquisition). In addition, average loans reflected strong organic loan growth and the repurchase of approximately 100 million previously participated agricultural loans. Average investment securities increased 881 million, including growth related to the acquisitions, as well as the re-investment of approximately 0.5 billion excess cash liquidity into U.S. Treasury securities of varying yields and durations during fourth quarter 2021. Other interest-earning assets declined 565 million, mostly lower cash from the re-investment of excess cash liquidity noted above. As a result, the mix of average interest-earning assets shifted to 74 loans, 23 investment securities, and 3 other interest-earning assets (mostly cash) for 2022, compared to 67 , 16 , and 17 , respectively, for 2021. 
 34 

Average interest-bearing liabilities were 4.8 billion for 2022, an increase of 1.6 billion (52 from 2021, also primarily due to the timing of the acquisitions. Average interest-bearing core deposits increased 1.3 billion and average brokered deposits grew 183 million, largely due to the acquisitions. Other interest-bearing liabilities increased 196 million, reflecting the private placement of 100 million in fixed-to-floating subordinated notes in July 2021, wholesale funding acquired with the acquisitions, and other funding needs in 2022 to support the strong loan growth. The mix of average interest-bearing liabilities was 84 core deposits, 10 brokered deposits, and 6 other funding for 2022, compared to 87 core deposits, 10 brokered deposits, and 3 other funding in 2021. 
 The interest rate spread decreased 6 bps between the periods, as our liabilities have repriced faster than our assets in the rapidly rising interest rate environment of 2022. The 2022 interest-earning asset yield increased 22 bps to 3.88 for 2022, largely due to the changing mix of interest-earning assets (to a higher percentage of loan assets, as noted above). The loan yield declined 28 bps to 4.64 for 2022, due to several factors: a lower percentage of PPP loans between the years, the impact of the low interest rate environment through early 2022 given the fixed nature of a portion of our loan portfolio, and competitive pricing pressures on new, renewed and variable rate loans. The investment yield declined 7 bps to 1.70 , attributable to the low rate environment through early 2022 and the re-investment of excess cash into U.S. Treasuries. The cost of funds increased 28 bps to 0.71 for 2022, reflecting the impact of a rising interest rate environment on core interest-bearing deposits (up 14 bps to 0.38 ), as well as the changing mix of interest-bearing liabilities (as noted above). The contribution from net free funds increased 9 bps, attributable to the higher value in a rising interest rate environment and an increase in average net free funds (largely from higher average noninterest-bearing demand deposits and stockholders equity) between the years. As a result, the net interest margin was 3.40 for 2022, up 3 bps compared to 3.37 for 2021. 
 Tax-equivalent interest income was 276 million, up 103 million (60 over 2021. Interest income on loans increased 87 million (56 over 2021, mostly due to strong volumes from the acquisitions and organic loan growth. Between the years, interest income on investment securities increased 15 million to 28 million, with 13 million from higher average volumes due to the acquisitions and re-investment of excess cash (as noted above) and 2 million from higher rates. Interest expense was 34 million for 2022, up 20 million (150 from 2021. Interest expense on deposits increased 11 million from 2021 given higher average deposit balances and a higher overall cost (up 15 bps to 0.49 ). Interest expense on wholesale funding increased 9 million over 2021 mostly due to higher average balances from the July 2021 subordinated notes issuance, as well as wholesale funding acquired with the acquisitions. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses in 2022 was 11.5 million (comprised of 11.0 million related to the ACL-Loans, and the remainder for the ACL on unfunded commitments). The 2022 provision for credit losses included 8 million for the required Day 2 ACL increase from the acquisition of Charter, and the remaining increase to support the strong loan growth. Comparatively, the 2021 provision for credit losses was largely due to the required Day 2 ACL increase from the acquisitions of County and Mackinac. Asset quality trends have been solid and net charge-offs were negligible for both years. 
 The provision for credit losses is predominantly a function of Nicolet s methodology and judgment as to qualitative and quantitative factors used to determine the appropriateness of the ACL-Loans. The appropriateness of the ACL-Loans is affected by changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio, changes in levels of collateral-dependent and other nonperforming loans, historical losses and delinquencies in each portfolio segment, the risk inherent in specific loans, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, existing and future economic conditions, the fair value of underlying collateral, and other factors which could affect potential credit losses. For additional information regarding asset quality and the ACL-Loans, see BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS Loans, and Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans and Nonperforming Assets. 
 
 35 

Noninterest Income 
 Table 4: Noninterest Income 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, Change From Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 Change 
 2022 
 Change 
 2022 
 Change 
 2021 
 Change 
 2021 
 Trust services fee income 7,947 7,774 6,463 173 2 1,311 20 Brokerage fee income 12,923 12,143 9,753 780 6 2,390 25 Mortgage income, net 8,497 22,155 29,807 (13,658) (62) (7,652) (26) Service charges on deposit accounts 6,104 5,023 4,208 1,081 22 815 19 Card interchange income 11,643 9,163 6,998 2,480 27 2,165 31 Bank owned life insurance BOLI income 3,818 2,380 2,710 1,438 60 (330) (12) Deferred compensation plan asset market valuations (2,040) 609 590 (2,649) N/M 19 N/M LSR income, net (1,366) (1,366) N/M N/M Other income 7,264 3,936 3,902 3,328 85 34 1 Noninterest income without net gains 54,790 63,183 64,431 (8,393) (13) (1,248) (2) Asset gains (losses), net 3,130 4,181 (1,805) (1,051) N/M 5,986 N/M Total noninterest income 57,920 67,364 62,626 (9,444) (14) 4,738 8 Trust services fee income Brokerage fee income combined 20,870 19,917 16,216 953 5 3,701 23 N/M means not meaningful. 
 Comparison of 2022 versus 2021 
 Noninterest income was 58 million for 2022, a decrease of 9 million (14 from 2021, primarily due to lower net mortgage income. Notable contributions to the change in noninterest income were: 
 Trust services fee income and brokerage fee income combined were 21 million for 2022, up 1 million (5 from 2021, as growth in accounts and assets under management outpaced unfavorable market-related declines. 
 Mortgage income represents net gains received from the sale of residential real estate loans into the secondary market, capitalized mortgage servicing rights MSRs ), servicing fees net of MSR amortization, fair value marks on the mortgage interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments mortgage derivatives ), and MSR valuation changes, if any. Net mortgage income was 8 million for 2022, down 14 million (62 between the years, mostly due to the rising interest rate environment reducing secondary market volumes and the related gains on sales. See also Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Lending-Related Commitments and Contractual Obligations and Note 6, Goodwill and Other Intangibles and Servicing Rights in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Service charges on deposit accounts were up 1 million (22 to 6 million for 2022, mostly due to the larger deposit base from the acquisitions. 
 Card interchange income grew 2 million (27 to 12 million in 2022 largely due to higher volume and activity. 
 BOLI income increased 1 million (60 to 4 million for 2022, attributable to higher average balances from BOLI acquired with the acquisitions. 
 The Company sponsors a nonqualifed deferred compensation NQDC plan for certain employees, that fluctuates based upon market valuations of the underlying plan assets. See also Noninterest Expense for the offsetting fair value change to the NQDC plan liabilities and Note 10, Employee and Director Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8, for additional information on the NQDC plan. 
 Loan servicing rights LSR income includes agricultural loan servicing fees net of the related LSR amortization. Nicolet is not adding new loans to this servicing portfolio and repurchased approximately 100 million of these previously participated loans during second quarter 2022; thus, the LSR amortization is currently outpacing the loan servicing fees. See also Note 6, Goodwill and Other Intangibles and Servicing Rights in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8, for additional information on the LSR asset. 
 Other income grew 3 million to 7 million for 2022, largely due to revenue from crop insurance sales (acquired with County) and broker fees. 
 The 3 million net asset gains in 2022 were primarily attributable to gains on sales of other real estate owned (mostly closed bank branch locations). Net asset gains in 2021 of 4 million were primarily attributable to favorable fair value marks on equity securities (including 3.5 million related to the initial public offering of an equity investment). Additional 
 36 

information on the net gains is also included in Note 16, Asset Gains (Losses), Net, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 

Noninterest Expense 
 Table 5: Noninterest Expense 
 in thousands) Years Ended December 31, Change From Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 Change 
 2022 
 Change 
 2022 
 Change 
 2021 
 Change 
 2021 
 Personnel 88,713 70,618 57,121 18,095 26 13,497 24 Occupancy, equipment and office 29,722 21,058 16,718 8,664 41 4,340 26 Business development and marketing 8,472 5,403 5,396 3,069 57 7 Data processing 14,518 11,990 10,495 2,528 21 1,495 14 Intangibles amortization 6,616 3,494 3,567 3,122 89 (73) (2) FDIC assessments 1,920 2,035 707 (115) (6) 1,328 188 Merger-related expense 1,664 5,651 1,020 (3,987) (71) 4,631 454 Other expense 9,019 9,048 5,695 (29) 3,353 59 Total noninterest expense 160,644 129,297 100,719 31,347 24 28,578 28 Non-personnel expenses 71,931 58,679 43,598 13,252 23 15,081 35 Average full-time equivalent employees 881 626 553 255 41 73 13 
 Comparison of 2022 versus 2021 
 Noninterest expense was 161 million, an increase of 31 million (24 over 2021. Personnel costs increased 18 million (26 ), while non-personnel expenses combined increased 13 million (23 over 2021. Notable contributions to the change in noninterest expense were: 
 Personnel expense (including salaries, overtime, cash and equity incentives, and employee benefit and payroll-related expenses) was 89 million for 2022, an increase of 18 million (26 over 2021. Salary expense increased 15 million (25 over 2021, reflecting higher salaries from the larger employee base (with average full-time equivalent employees up 41 as well as merit increases between the years and investments in our wealth team. Salary expense also reflected increases in hourly pay and base salaries effective at the end of March 2022, which benefited the majority of our employee base. Fringe benefits increased 3 million (30 over 2021, also mainly due to the larger employee base. Personnel expense was also impacted by the change in the fair value of the NQDC plan liabilities. See also Noninterest Income for the offsetting fair value change to the NQDC plan assets and Note 10, Employee and Director Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8, for additional information on the NQDC plan. 
 Occupancy, equipment and office expense was 30 million for 2022, up 9 million (41 from 2021, largely due to the expanded branch network with the recent acquisitions, as well as additional expense for software and technology solutions to drive operational efficiencies, and enhance products or services. 2021 also included approximately 1 million of accelerated depreciation and write-offs related to branch closures. 
 Business development and marketing expense was 8 million for 2022, up 3 million (57 from 2021, largely due to higher travel and entertainment expenses, as well as additional marketing donations, promotions, and media to support our expanded branch network and community base. 
 Data processing expense was 15 million for 2022, up 3 million (21 over 2021, mostly due to volume-based increases in core processing charges, including the larger operating base following the Charter, County, and Mackinac acquisitions. 
 Intangible amortization increased 3 million (89 between the years, due to higher amortization from the intangibles added with the recent acquisitions. 
 Other expense was 9 million for 2022, minimally changed from 2021, with 2022 including higher professional fees, director fees, fraud losses, and higher overall expenses related to our larger operating base, while 2021 included a 2 million contract termination charge. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was 31 million (effective tax rate of 25.0 for 2022, compared to 20 million (effective tax rate of 25.2 for 2021. The accounting for income taxes requires deferred income taxes to be analyzed to determine if a valuation allowance is required. A valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. This analysis involves the use of estimates and assumptions concerning accounting pronouncements and federal and state tax codes; therefore, income taxes are considered a critical accounting estimate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no valuation allowance was determined to be necessary. Additional information on the subjectivity of income taxes is discussed further under 
 37 

Critical Accounting Estimates-Income Taxes. The Company s income taxes accounting policy is described in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, and additional disclosures relative to income taxes are included in Note 13, Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 
 BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 
 Loans 
 Nicolet services a diverse customer base throughout Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota, including the following industries: manufacturing, wholesaling, paper, packaging, food production and processing, agriculture, forest products, hospitality, retail, service, and businesses supporting the general building industry. The Company concentrates on originating loans in its local markets and assisting current loan customers. Nicolet actively utilizes government loan programs such as those provided by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture s Farm Service Agency FSA ). In addition to the discussion that follows, accounting policies, general loan portfolio characteristics, and credit risk are described in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, and additional loan related disclosures are included in Note 4, Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans, and Credit Quality, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 An active credit risk management process is used to ensure that sound and consistent credit decisions are made. The credit management process is regularly reviewed and has been modified over the past several years to further strengthen the controls. Factors that are important to managing overall credit quality are sound loan underwriting and administration, systematic monitoring of existing loans and commitments, effective loan review on an ongoing basis, early problem loan identification and remedial action to minimize losses, an appropriate ACL-Loans, and sound nonaccrual and charge-off policies. 
 Table 6: Period End Loan Composition 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial industrial 1,304,819 21 1,042,256 23 936,734 34 Owner-occupied CRE 954,599 15 787,189 17 521,300 19 Agricultural 1,088,607 18 794,728 17 109,629 4 Commercial 3,348,025 54 2,624,173 57 1,567,663 57 CRE investment 1,149,949 19 818,061 18 460,721 16 Construction land development 318,600 5 213,035 5 131,283 5 Commercial real estate 1,468,549 24 1,031,096 23 592,004 21 Commercial-based loans 4,816,574 78 3,655,269 80 2,159,667 78 Residential construction 114,392 2 70,353 1 41,707 1 Residential first mortgage 1,016,935 16 713,983 15 444,155 16 Residential junior mortgage 177,332 3 131,424 3 111,877 4 Residential real estate 1,308,659 21 915,760 19 597,739 21 Retail other 55,266 1 50,807 1 31,695 1 Retail-based loans 1,363,925 22 966,567 20 629,434 22 Total loans 6,180,499 100 4,621,836 100 2,789,101 100 
 As noted in Table 6 above, year-end 2022 loans were broadly 78 commercial-based and 22 retail-based compared to 80 commercial-based and 20 retail-based at year-end 2021. Commercial-based loans are considered to have more inherent risk of default than retail-based loans, in part because the commercial balance per borrower is typically larger than that for retail-based loans, implying higher potential losses on an individual customer basis. 
 Total loans were 6.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 1.6 billion (34 ), compared to total loans of 4.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in total loans included the Charter acquisition (which added 827 million, at acquisition) and the repurchase of approximately 100 million previously participated agriculture loans, as well as strong organic loan growth. Excluding the loans acquired with Charter and the repurchased agriculture loans, organic loan growth was 14 from December 31, 2021. 

38 

Table 7: Loan Maturity Distribution 
 The following table presents the maturity distribution of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 (in thousands) Loan Maturity One Year or Less After One Year to Five Years After Five Years to Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Commercial industrial 433,319 660,560 197,352 13,588 1,304,819 Owner-occupied CRE 78,759 639,093 208,719 28,028 954,599 Agricultural 350,752 328,495 367,913 41,447 1,088,607 CRE investment 129,770 737,869 250,256 32,054 1,149,949 Construction land development 64,169 131,889 92,379 30,163 318,600 Residential construction 41,049 6,922 2,091 64,330 114,392 Residential first mortgage 22,985 263,810 202,514 527,626 1,016,935 Residential junior mortgage 6,814 19,941 33,201 117,376 177,332 Retail other 27,814 15,002 8,021 4,429 55,266 Total loans 1,155,431 2,803,581 1,362,446 859,041 6,180,499 Percent by maturity distribution 19 45 22 14 100 Fixed rate loans: Commercial industrial 76,338 597,734 126,546 3,429 804,047 Owner-occupied CRE 78,646 598,540 121,776 1,235 800,197 Agricultural 182,188 313,641 343,130 30,956 869,915 CRE investment 112,036 704,001 160,816 1,812 978,665 Construction land development 29,361 127,088 64,675 6,855 227,979 Residential construction 19,340 6,922 1,926 39,440 67,628 Residential first mortgage 19,953 260,201 155,600 228,323 664,077 Residential junior mortgage 839 8,457 5,402 309 15,007 Retail other 1,834 14,711 7,354 3,623 27,522 Total fixed rate loans 520,535 2,631,295 987,225 315,982 4,455,037 Floating rate loans: Commercial industrial 356,981 62,826 70,806 10,159 500,772 Owner-occupied CRE 113 40,553 86,943 26,793 154,402 Agricultural 168,564 14,854 24,783 10,491 218,692 CRE investment 17,734 33,868 89,440 30,242 171,284 Construction land development 34,808 4,801 27,704 23,308 90,621 Residential construction 21,709 165 24,890 46,764 Residential first mortgage 3,032 3,609 46,914 299,303 352,858 Residential junior mortgage 5,975 11,484 27,799 117,067 162,325 Retail other 25,980 291 667 806 27,744 Total floating rate loans 634,896 172,286 375,221 543,059 1,725,462 
 The residential construction loans with a loan maturity after five years represent a construction to permanent loan product. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 In addition to the discussion that follows, accounting policies for the allowance for credit losses - loans are described in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, and additional ACL-Loans disclosures are included in Note 4, Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans, and Credit Quality, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Credit risks within the loan portfolio are inherently different for each loan type. Credit risk is controlled and monitored through the use of lending standards, a thorough review of potential borrowers, and ongoing review of loan payment performance. Active asset quality administration, including early problem loan identification and timely resolution of problems, aids in the management of credit risk and minimization of loan losses. Loans charged off are subject to continuous review, and specific efforts are taken to achieve maximum recovery of principal, interest, and related expenses. For additional information regarding nonperforming assets see BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS Nonperforming Assets. 
 39 

The ACL-Loans represents management s estimate of expected credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. To assess the overall appropriateness of the ACL-Loans, management applies an allocation methodology which focuses on evaluation of qualitative and environmental factors, including but not limited to: (i) evaluation of facts and issues related to specific loans; (ii) management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio; (iii) consideration of historical loan loss and delinquency experience on each portfolio segment; (iv) trends in past due and nonaccrual loans; (v) the risk characteristics of the various loan segments; (vi) changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio; (vii) concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries; (viii) existing economic conditions; (ix) the fair value of underlying collateral; and (x) other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect expected credit losses. Assessing these factors involves significant judgment; therefore, management considers the ACL-Loans a critical accounting estimate, as further discussed under Critical Accounting Estimates Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans. 
 Management allocates the ACL-Loans by pools of risk within each loan portfolio segment. The allocation methodology consists of the following components. First, a specific reserve is established for individually evaluated credit deteriorated loans, which management defines as nonaccrual credit relationships over 250,000, collateral dependent loans, purchased credit deteriorated loans, and other loans with evidence of credit deterioration. The specific reserve in the ACL-Loans for these credit deteriorated loans is equal to the aggregate collateral or discounted cash flow shortfall. Second, management allocates the ACL-Loans with historical loss rates by loan segment. The loss factors are measured on a quarterly basis and applied to each loan segment based on current loan balances and projected for their expected remaining life. Next, management allocates the ACL-Loans using the qualitative and environmental factors mentioned above. Consideration is given to those current qualitative or environmental factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses at the evaluation date to differ from the historical loss experience of each loan segment. Lastly, management considers reasonable and supportable forecasts to assess the collectability of future cash flows. 
 Management performs ongoing intensive analysis of its loan portfolio to allow for early identification of customers experiencing financial difficulties, maintains prudent underwriting standards, understands the economy in its markets, and considers the trend of deterioration in loan quality in establishing the level of the ACL-Loans. In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review the ACL-Loans. These agencies may require the Company to make additions to the ACL-Loans or may require that certain loan balances be charged off or downgraded into classified loan categories when their credit evaluations differ from those of management based on their judgments of collectability from information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 At December 31, 2022, the ACL-Loans was 62 million (representing 1.00 of period end loans) compared to 50 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the ACL-Loans was largely due to the acquisition of Charter, which added 8 million of provision for the Day 2 allowance and 2 million related to purchased credit deteriorated loans. Net charge-offs (0.01 of average loans) remain negligible. The components of the ACL-Loans are detailed further in Tables 8 and 9 below. 
 40 

Table 8: Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for credit losses - loans: Beginning balance 49,672 32,173 13,972 Adoption of CECL 8,488 Initial PCD ACL 797 Total impact for adoption of CECL 9,285 ACL on PCD loans acquired 1,937 5,159 Net charge-offs: Commercial industrial (86) 50 (692) Owner-occupied CRE (555) (449) Agricultural (48) CRE investment 169 (2) (190) Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage (57) (93) 9 Residential junior mortgage 1 4 67 Retail other (202) (71) (129) Total net charge-offs (730) (160) (1,384) Provision for credit losses 10,950 12,500 10,300 Ending balance of ACL-Loans 61,829 49,672 32,173 Ratio of net charge-offs to average loans by loan composition Commercial industrial 0.01 (0.01) 0.07 Owner-occupied CRE 0.06 0.09 Agricultural 0.02 CRE investment (0.02) 0.04 Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage 0.01 0.02 Residential junior mortgage (0.06) Retail other 0.38 0.18 0.42 Total net charge-offs to average loans 0.01 0.01 0.05 
 The allocation of the ACL-Loans by loan category for each of the past three years is shown in Table 9. The largest portions of the ACL-Loans were allocated to commercial industrial loans and CRE investment loans, representing 26 and 21 , respectively, of the ACL-Loans at December 31, 2022. In comparison, the largest portions of the ACL-Loans were allocated to commercial industrial loans and agricultural loans, representing 25 and 19 , respectively, of the ACL-Loans at December 31, 2021. This change in allocated ACL-Loans was attributable to the change in loan portfolio composition, as well as changes in current and forecasted risk trends within loan categories. 
 Table 9: Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Allocated Allowance of Loan Portfolio ACL Category as a of Total ACL Allocated Allowance of Loan Portfolio ACL Category as a of Total ACL Allocated Allowance of Loan Portfolio ACL Category as a of Total ACL Commercial industrial 16,350 21 26 12,613 23 25 11,644 34 36 Owner-occupied CRE 9,138 15 15 7,222 17 14 5,872 19 18 Agricultural 9,762 18 16 9,547 17 19 1,395 4 4 CRE investment 12,744 19 21 8,462 18 17 5,441 16 17 Construction land development 2,572 5 4 1,812 5 4 984 5 3 Residential construction 1,412 2 2 900 1 2 421 1 1 Residential first mortgage 6,976 16 11 6,844 15 14 4,773 16 15 Residential junior mortgage 1,846 3 3 1,340 3 3 1,086 4 4 Retail other 1,029 1 2 932 1 2 557 1 2 Total ACL-Loans 61,829 100 100 49,672 100 100 32,173 100 100 The PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA; thus, no ACL-Loans has been allocated to these loans. 
 41 

Nonperforming Assets 
 As part of its overall credit risk management process, management is committed to an aggressive problem loan identification philosophy. This philosophy has been implemented through the ongoing monitoring and review of all pools of risk in the loan portfolio to identify problem loans early and minimize the risk of loss. Management continues to actively work with customers and monitor credit risk from the ongoing economic uncertainty. In addition to the discussion that follows, accounting policies for loans and the ACL-Loans are described in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, and additional credit quality disclosures are included in Note 4, Loans, Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans, and Credit Quality, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Nonperforming loans are considered one indicator of potential future loan losses. Nonperforming loans are defined as nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due but still accruing interest. Loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal payments. Additionally, whenever management becomes aware of facts or circumstances that may adversely impact the collectability of principal or interest on loans, it is management s practice to place such loans on nonaccrual status immediately. Nonperforming assets (which include nonperforming loans and other real estate owned OREO were 40 million and represented 0.46 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 56 million or 0.73 at December 31, 2021. The decline in nonperforming assets between the years included a 6 million improvement in nonaccrual loans and a 10 million reduction in other real estate owned (primarily sales of closed bank branches). 
 The level of potential problem loans is another predominant factor in determining the relative level of risk in the loan portfolio and in determining the appropriate level of the ACL-Loans. Potential problem loans are generally defined by management to include loans rated as Substandard by management but that are in performing status; however, there are circumstances present which might adversely affect the ability of the borrower to comply with present repayment terms. The decision of management to include performing loans in potential problem loans does not necessarily mean that Nicolet expects losses to occur, but that management recognizes a higher degree of risk associated with these loans. The loans that have been reported as potential problem loans are predominantly commercial-based loans covering a diverse range of businesses and real estate property types. Potential problem loans were 53 million (1 of total loans) at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Potential problem loans require a heightened management review given the pace at which a credit may deteriorate, the potential duration of asset quality stress, and uncertainty around the magnitude and scope of economic stress that may be felt by Nicolet s customers and on underlying real estate values. 
 Table 10: Nonperforming Assets 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Nonperforming loans: Commercial industrial 3,328 1,908 2,646 Owner-occupied CRE 5,647 4,220 1,869 Agricultural 20,416 28,367 1,830 CRE investment 3,832 4,119 1,488 Construction land development 771 1,071 327 Residential construction Residential first mortgage 3,780 4,132 823 Residential junior mortgage 224 243 384 Retail other 82 94 88 Total nonaccrual loans 38,080 44,154 9,455 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more Total nonperforming loans 38,080 44,154 9,455 OREO: Commercial real estate owned 628 1,549 Residential real estate owned 99 Bank property real estate owned 1,347 10,307 3,608 Total OREO 1,975 11,955 3,608 Total nonperforming assets (NPAs) 40,055 56,109 13,063 Performing troubled debt restructurings 5,443 2,120 Ratios: Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.62 0.96 0.34 NPAs to total loans plus OREO 0.65 1.21 0.47 NPAs to total assets 0.46 0.73 0.29 ACL-Loans to nonperforming loans 162 112 340 ACL-Loans to total loans 1.00 1.07 1.15 
 42 

Investment Securities Portfolio 
 The investment securities portfolio is intended to provide Nicolet with adequate liquidity, flexible asset/liability management and a source of stable income. The portfolio is structured with minimal credit exposure to Nicolet. All investment securities are classified at the time of purchase as available for sale AFS or held to maturity HTM ). In addition to the discussion that follows, the investment securities portfolio accounting policies are described in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, and additional disclosures are included in Note 3, Securities and Other Investments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 At December 31, 2022, the investment securities portfolio totaled 1.6 billion (representing 18 of total assets), comprised of 918 million securities AFS and 679 million securities HTM, minimally changed from 1.6 billion (representing 20 of total assets) at December 31, 2021, comprised of 922 million securities AFS and 652 million securities HTM. The primary changes in the investment securities portfolio during 2022, included the acquisition of Charter, (which added investment securities of 218 million at acquisition), and the unfavorable change in the fair value of the securities AFS portfolio (from an unrealized gain of 4 million at December 31, 2021 to an unrealized loss of 79 million at December 31, 2022) due to the dramatic increase in interest rates. 
 Nicolet also had other investments of 65 million and 44 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisting of capital stock in the Federal Reserve and the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB (required as members of the Federal Reserve Bank System and the FHLB System), equity securities with readily determinable fair values, and to a lesser degree equity investments in other private companies. The FHLB and Federal Reserve investments are restricted in that they can only be sold back to the respective institutions or another member institution at par, and are thus not liquid, have no ready market or quoted market value, and are carried at cost. The private company equity investments have no quoted market prices, and are carried at cost less impairment charges, if any. The other investments are evaluated periodically for impairment, considering financial condition and other available relevant information. 
 Table 11: Investment Securities Portfolio Maturity Distribution (1) 
 Securities AFS at December 31, 2022 
 Within One Year After One but Within Five Years After Five but Within Ten Years After Ten Years Mortgage- backed Securities Total Amortized Cost Total Fair Value (in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount U.S. Treasury securities 149,896 0.1 26,039 0.5 16,181 2.6 192,116 0.4 183,830 U.S. government agency securities 19 2.4 1,025 1.2 644 7.2 445 7.0 2,133 4.0 2,100 State, county and municipals 44,590 2.6 116,656 2.2 140,134 2.6 132,353 3.6 433,733 2.8 398,188 Mortgage-backed securities 227,650 2.6 227,650 2.6 200,932 Corporate debt securities 27,664 3.4 28,571 3.8 72,801 4.5 11,676 5.6 140,712 4.3 132,568 Total amortized cost 222,169 1.1 172,291 1.1 229,760 3.3 144,474 3.9 227,650 2.6 996,344 2.5 917,618 Total fair value 218,033 163,466 203,039 132,148 200,932 917,618 24 18 22 14 22 100 
 Securities HTM at December 31, 2022 
 Within One Year After One but Within Five Years After Five but Within Ten Years After Ten Years Mortgage- backed Securities Total Amortized Cost Total Fair Value (in thousands) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount U.S. Treasury securities 497,648 0.7 497,648 0.7 461,926 U.S. government agency securities 1,108 7.0 0 7,636 7.3 8,744 8,790 State, county and municipals 1,774 2.8 14,425 2.8 14,964 2.0 3,711 4.9 34,874 2.7 31,525 Mortgage-backed securities 137,862 2.2 137,862 2.2 121,111 Total amortized cost 1,774 2.8 513,181 1.1 22,600 3.3 3,711 4.9 137,862 2.2 679,128 1.2 623,352 Total fair value 1,748 476,365 20,485 3,643 121,111 623,352 76 3 1 20 100 
 (1) The yield on tax-exempt investment securities is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a federal tax rate of 21 adjusted for the disallowance of interest expense. 
 
 Deposits 
 Deposits represent Nicolet s largest source of funds. The deposit levels in 2021 were influenced by economic uncertainty and government stimulus payments related to the pandemic, which reduced spending and increased liquidity of consumers and businesses, as well as by PPP loan proceeds retained on deposit by commercial borrowers. In contrast, the deposit levels in 2022 
 43 

reflected a transition back to normal operations and activities, with consumers and businesses starting to use the excess liquidity. In addition, Charter added deposits of 870 million at acquisition. 
 Deposits levels may also be impacted by competition with other bank and nonbank institutions, as well as with a number of non-deposit investment alternatives available to depositors, such as mutual funds, money market funds, annuities, and other brokerage investment products. Deposit challenges include competitive deposit product features, price changes on deposit products given movements in the interest rate environment and other competitive pricing pressures, and customer preferences regarding higher-costing deposit products or non-deposit investment alternatives. Additional disclosures on deposits are included in Note 8, Deposits, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. See Table 2 for information on average deposit balances and deposit rates. 
 Table 12: Period End Deposit Composition 
 (in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Noninterest-bearing demand 2,361,816 33 1,975,705 31 1,212,787 31 Money market and interest-bearing demand 2,987,469 42 2,834,824 44 1,551,325 40 Savings 931,417 13 803,197 12 521,814 13 Time 898,219 12 852,190 13 624,473 16 Total deposits 7,178,921 100 6,465,916 100 3,910,399 100 Brokered transaction accounts 252,829 3 234,306 4 46,340 1 Brokered time deposits 339,066 5 209,857 3 278,521 7 Total brokered deposits 591,895 8 444,163 7 324,861 8 Customer transaction accounts 6,027,873 84 5,379,420 83 3,239,586 83 Customer time deposits 559,153 8 642,333 10 345,952 9 Total customer deposits (core) 6,587,026 92 6,021,753 93 3,585,538 92 
 Total deposits were 7.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 713 million (11 over year-end 2021, primarily due to the acquisition of Charter, and included a 565 million increase to customer deposits (core) and a 148 million increase to brokered deposits. 
 On average, deposits grew 2.1 billion (47 between 2022 and 2021 (as detailed in Table 2), primarily due to the timing of the acquisitions (Mackinac in September 2021, County in December 2021, and Charter in August 2022) and the liquidity objectives of our customers in uncertain economic times. Average customer deposits (core) increased 1.9 billion (46 ), while average brokered deposits increased 183 million (59 over the prior year. 
 At December 31, 2022, Nicolet had 77 million of time deposits that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limit of 250,000. The following table provides information on the maturity distribution of those time deposits, including the portion of those time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limits (over 250,000) as of December 31, 2022. 
 Table 13: Maturity Distribution of Uninsured Time Deposits 
 (in thousands) Time Deposits Over FDIC Insurance Limits Portion of Time Deposits in Excess of FDIC Insurance Limits 3 months or less 14,369 5,619 Over 3 months through 6 months 15,764 6,514 Over 6 months through 12 months 17,875 5,875 Over 12 months 28,823 14,631 Total 76,831 32,639 
 Total uninsured deposits were 2.3 billion and 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Other Funding Sources 
 Other funding sources include short-term and long-term borrowings. Short-term borrowings (with an original contractual maturity of one year or less) consist mainly of short-term FHLB advances, customer repurchase agreements or federal funds purchased. Long-term borrowings (with an original contractual maturity of over one year) include FHLB advances, junior subordinated debentures, and subordinated notes. The interest on all long-term borrowings is current. 
 Short-term borrowings were 317 million and zero at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all in FHLB advances, with approximately half acquired with Charter. Long-term borrowings were 225 million and 217 million at December 31, 2022 and 
 44 

2021, respectively. See Note 9, Short and Long-Term Borrowings, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 for additional disclosures and see section Liquidity Management, for information on available funding sources at December 31, 2022. 
 
 RISK MANAGEMENT AND CAPITAL 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity management refers to the ability to ensure that adequate liquid funds are available to meet the current and future cash flow obligations arising in the daily operations of the Company. These cash flow obligations include the ability to meet the commitments to borrowers for extensions of credit, accommodate deposit cycles and trends, fund capital expenditures, pay dividends to stockholders (if any), and satisfy other operating expenses. The Company s most liquid assets are cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits, and federal funds sold, which totaled 155 million and 595 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Balances of these liquid assets are dependent on our operating, investing, and financing activities during any given period. 
 The 441 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents since year-end 2021 included 117 million net cash provided by operating activities (mostly earnings), more than offset by 516 million net cash used in investing activities (primarily to fund loan growth) and 42 million net cash used in financing activities (with funds from short-term borrowings offset by a net decrease in deposits and common stock repurchases). As of December 31, 2022, management believed that adequate liquidity existed to meet all projected cash flow obligations. 
 Nicolet s primary sources of funds include the core deposit base, repayment and maturity of loans, investment securities calls, maturities, and sales, and procurement of brokered deposits or other wholesale funding. At December 31, 2022, approximately 55 of the investment securities portfolio was pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and borrowings, as applicable, and for liquidity or other purposes as required by regulation. Additional funding sources at December 31, 2022, consist of 195 million of available and unused Federal funds lines, available borrowing capacity at the FHLB of 607 million, and borrowing capacity in the brokered deposit market. 
 Management is committed to the Parent Company being a source of strength to the Bank and its other subsidiaries, and therefore, regularly evaluates capital and liquidity positions of the Parent Company in light of current and projected needs, growth or strategies. The Parent Company uses cash for normal expenses, debt service requirements and, when opportune, for common stock repurchases or investment in other strategic actions such as mergers or acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, the Parent Company had 64 million in cash. Additional cash sources available to the Parent Company include access to the public or private markets to issue new equity, subordinated notes or other debt. Dividends from the Bank and, to a lesser extent, stock option exercises, represent significant sources of cash flows for the Parent Company. The Bank is required by federal law to obtain prior approval of the OCC for payments of dividends if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any year will exceed certain thresholds, as more fully described in Business Regulation of the Bank Payment of Dividends and in Note 17, Regulatory Capital Requirements, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. Management does not believe that regulatory restrictions on dividends from the Bank will adversely affect its ability to meet its cash obligations. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Management and Impact of Inflation 
 A reasonable balance between interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and maintenance of yield, is highly important to Nicolet s business success and profitability. As an ongoing part of its financial strategy and risk management, Nicolet attempts to understand and manage the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on its net interest income. The consolidated balance sheet consists mainly of interest-earning assets (loans, investments and cash) which are primarily funded by interest-bearing liabilities (deposits and other borrowings). Such financial instruments have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in market rates of interest. Market rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including but not limited to general economic conditions and policies of governmental and regulatory authorities. Our operating income and net income depends, to a substantial extent, on rate spread (i.e., the difference between the income earned on loans, investments and other earning assets and the interest expense paid to obtain deposits and other funding liabilities). 
 Asset-liability management policies establish guidelines for acceptable limits on the sensitivity to changes in interest rates on earnings and market value of assets and liabilities. Such policies are set and monitored by management and the board of directors Asset and Liability Committee. 
 To understand and manage the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income, Nicolet measures its overall interest rate sensitivity through a net interest income analysis, which calculates the change in net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates under different scenarios versus a baseline scenario. Such scenarios can involve static balance sheets, balance sheets with projected growth, parallel (or non-parallel) yield curve slope changes, immediate or gradual changes in market interest rates, and one-year or longer time horizons. The simulation modeling uses assumptions involving market spreads, prepayments of rate-sensitive instruments, renewal rates on maturing or new loans, deposit retention rates, and other assumptions. 
 45 

Among other scenarios, Nicolet assessed the impact on net interest income in the event of a gradual +/-100 bps and +/-200 bps change in market rates (parallel to the change in prime rate) over a one-year time horizon to a static (flat) balance sheet. The results provided include the liquidity measures mentioned above and reflect the changed interest rate environment. The interest rate scenarios are used for analytical purposes only and do not necessarily represent management s view of future market interest rate movements. Based on financial data at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the projected changes in net interest income over a one-year time horizon, versus the baseline, are presented in Table 14 below. The results were within Nicolet s guidelines of not greater than -10 for +/- 100 bps and not greater than -15 for +/- 200 bps. 
 Table 14: Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 200 bps decrease in interest rates (0.7) (0.3) 100 bps decrease in interest rates (0.4) (0.3) 100 bps increase in interest rates (0.1) 200 bps increase in interest rates 0.1 (0.3) 
 Actual results may differ from these simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and their impact on customer behavior and management strategies. 
 The effect of inflation on a financial institution differs significantly from the effect on an industrial company. While a financial institution s operating expenses, particularly salary and employee benefits, are affected by general inflation, the asset and liability structure of a financial institution consists largely of monetary items. Monetary items, such as cash, investments, loans, deposits and other borrowings, are those assets and liabilities which are or will be converted into a fixed number of dollars regardless of changes in prices. As a result, changes in interest rates have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than does general inflation. Inflation may also have impacts on the Bank s customers, on businesses and consumers and their ability or willingness to invest, save or spend, and perhaps on their ability to repay loans. As such, there would likely be impacts on the general appetite of banking products and the credit health of the Bank s customer base. 
 
 Capital 
 Management regularly reviews the adequacy of its capital to ensure that sufficient capital is available for current and future needs and is in compliance with regulatory guidelines. The capital position and strategies are actively reviewed in light of perceived business risks associated with current and prospective earning levels, liquidity, asset quality, economic conditions in the markets served, and level of returns available to shareholders. Management intends to maintain an optimal capital and leverage mix for growth and for shareholder return. 
 Capital balances and changes in capital are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity in Part II, Item 8. Further discussion of capital components is included in Note 12, Stockholders Equity, and a summary of dividend restrictions, as well as regulatory capital amounts and ratios for Nicolet and the Bank is presented in Note 17, Regulatory Capital Requirements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8. 
 The Company s and the Bank s regulatory capital ratios remain above minimum regulatory ratios, including the capital conservation buffer. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s regulatory capital ratios qualify the Bank as well-capitalized under the prompt-corrective action framework. This strong base of capital has allowed Nicolet to be opportunistic in the current economic environment and in strategic growth. For a discussion of the regulatory restrictions applicable to the Company and the Bank, see section Business-Regulation of Nicolet and Business-Regulation of the Bank, included within Part I, Item 1. A summary of Nicolet s and the Bank s regulatory capital amounts and ratios, as well as selected capital metrics are presented in Table 15. 
 46 

Table 15: Capital 
 in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Company Stock Repurchases: Common stock repurchased during the year (dollars) 61,483 61,464 Common stock repurchased during the year (shares) 671,662 793,064 Company Risk-Based Capital: Total risk-based capital 889,763 793,410 Tier 1 risk-based capital 684,280 604,199 Common equity Tier 1 capital 646,341 567,095 Total capital ratio 12.3 13.8 Tier 1 capital ratio 9.5 10.5 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 9.0 9.9 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.2 9.4 Bank Risk-Based Capital: Total risk-based capital 816,951 700,869 Tier 1 risk-based capital 764,090 664,688 Common equity Tier 1 capital 764,090 664,688 Total capital ratio 11.3 12.2 Tier 1 capital ratio 10.6 11.6 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 10.6 11.6 Tier 1 leverage ratio 9.1 10.3 Reflects only the common stock repurchased under board of director authorizations. 
 In managing capital for optimal return, we evaluate capital sources and uses, pricing and availability of our stock in the market, and alternative uses of capital (such as the level of organic growth or acquisition opportunities) in light of strategic plans. Through an ongoing repurchase program, the Board has authorized the repurchase of Nicolet s common stock as an alternative use of capital. At December 31, 2022, there remained 48 million authorized under this repurchase program, as modified, to be utilized from time to time to repurchase shares in the open market, through block transactions or in private transactions. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Lending-Related Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 Nicolet is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. At December 31, 2022, interest rate lock commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale of 9 million (included in the commitments to extend credit) and forward commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale of 9 million are considered derivative instruments. Further information and discussion of these commitments is included in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 The table below outlines the principal amounts and timing of Nicolet s contractual obligations. The amounts presented below exclude amounts due for interest, if applicable, and include any unamortized premiums / discounts or other similar carrying value adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, Nicolet had the following contractual obligations. Further discussion of the nature of each obligation is included in the referenced note of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Table 16: Contractual Obligations 
 (in thousands) Note Maturity by Years Reference Total 1 or less 1-3 3-5 Over 5 Time deposits 8 898,219 464,568 400,343 32,538 770 Long-term borrowings 9 225,342 5,000 220,342 Operating leases 5 11,137 2,437 4,076 3,207 1,417 Total long-term contractual obligations 1,134,698 467,005 409,419 35,745 222,529 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires management to make estimates, assumptions or judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience, current information, and other factors deemed to be relevant; accordingly, as this information changes, actual results could differ from those estimates. Nicolet considers accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain and different estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could 
 47 

have a material impact on the financial statements. The accounting estimates we consider to be critical include business combinations and the valuation of loans acquired, the determination of the allowance for credit losses, and income taxes. In addition to the discussion that follows, the accounting policies related to these critical estimates are included in Note 1, Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, under Part II, Item 8. 
 Business Combinations and Valuation of Loans Acquired in Business Combinations 
 We account for acquisitions under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , which requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recorded at the estimated fair value on their purchase date. As provided for under GAAP, management has up to 12 months following the date of the acquisition to finalize the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, where it was not possible to estimate the acquisition date fair value upon consummation. Management finalizes the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities within this 12-month period and management currently considers such values to be the Day 1 Fair Values for the acquisition transactions. 
 In particular, the valuation of acquired loans involves significant estimates and assumptions based on information available as of the acquisition date. Loans acquired in a business combination are evaluated either individually or in pools of loans with similar characteristics; including consideration of a credit component. A number of factors are considered in determining the estimated fair value of purchased loans including, among other things, the remaining life of the acquired loans, estimated prepayments, estimated loss ratios, estimated value of the underlying collateral, estimated holding periods, contractual interest rates compared to market interest rates, and net present value of cash flows expected to be received. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 Management s evaluation process used to determine the appropriateness of the ACL-Loans is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates and assumptions. This evaluation process involves gathering and interpreting many qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect our estimate of lifetime expected credit losses. Because interpretation and analysis involves judgment, current economic or business conditions can change, and future events are inherently difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated credit losses and therefore the appropriateness of the ACL-Loans could change significantly. 
 The allowance methodology applied by Nicolet is designed to assess the appropriateness of the ACL-Loans and includes allocations for individually evaluated credit-deteriorated loans and loss factor allocations for all remaining loans, with a component primarily based on historical loss rates and a component primarily based on other qualitative and environmental factors. The methodology includes evaluation and consideration of several factors, including but not limited to: management s ongoing review and grading of the loan portfolio, evaluation of facts and issues related to specific loans, consideration of historical loan loss and delinquency experience on each portfolio segment, trends in past due and nonaccrual loans, the risk characteristics of specific loans or various loan segments, changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or industries, the fair value of underlying collateral, existing economic conditions, and other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect expected credit losses. In addition, the model considers reasonable and supportable economic forecasts to assess the collectability of future cash flows. While management uses the best information available to make its evaluation, future adjustments to the ACL-Loans may be necessary if there are significant changes in economic conditions (both current and forecast) or circumstances underlying the collectability of loans. Because each of the criteria used is subject to change, the allocation of the ACL-Loans is made for analytical purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the trend of future credit losses in any particular loan category. The ACL-Loans is available to absorb losses from any segment of the loan portfolio. Management believes the ACL-Loans is appropriate at December 31, 2022. The allowance analysis is reviewed by the board of directors on a quarterly basis in compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 Consolidated net income and stockholders equity could be affected if management s estimate of the ACL-Loans necessary to cover expected credit losses is subsequently materially different, requiring a change in the level of provision for credit losses to be recorded. While management uses currently available information to recognize expected credit losses on loans, future adjustments to the ACL-Loans may be necessary based on newly received appraisals, updated commercial customer financial statements, rapidly deteriorating customer cash flow, and changes in economic conditions or forecasts that affect Nicolet s customers. As an integral part of their examination process, federal regulatory agencies also review the ACL-Loans. Such agencies may require additions to the ACL-Loans or may require that certain loan balances be charged-off or downgraded into classified loan categories when their credit evaluations differ from those of management based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 Income Taxes 
 Nicolet is subject to the federal income tax laws of the United States, and the tax laws of the states and other jurisdictions where we conduct business. Due to the complexity of these laws, taxpayers and the taxing authorities may subject these laws to different interpretations. Management must make conclusions and estimates about the application of these innately intricate laws, related 
 48 

regulations, and case law. When preparing the Company s income tax returns, management attempts to make reasonable interpretations of the tax laws. Taxing authorities have the ability to challenge management s analysis of the tax law or any reinterpretation management makes in its ongoing assessment of facts and the developing case law. Management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate quarterly based on its current estimate of net income and the applicable taxes expected for the full year. On a quarterly basis, management also reviews circumstances and developments in tax law affecting the reasonableness of deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for contingent tax liabilities. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 For additional disclosure, see section, Interest Rate Sensitivity Management and Impact of Inflation, of the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation under Part II, Item 7. 
 49 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share and per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit in other banks Securities available for sale AFS ), at fair value Securities held to maturity HTM ), at amortized cost Other investments Loans held for sale Other assets held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses - loans ACL-Loans ) ) Loans, net Premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance BOLI Goodwill and other intangibles, net Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Other liabilities held for sale Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Preferred shares authorized (no par value) 
 Preferred shares issued and outstanding Common shares authorized (par value per share) 
 Common shares outstanding Common shares issued 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans, including loan fees Investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income: Trust services fee income Brokerage fee income Mortgage income, net Service charges on deposit accounts Card interchange income BOLI income Asset gains (losses), net ) Deferred compensation plan asset market valuations ) LSR income, net ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Personnel Occupancy, equipment and office Business development and marketing Data processing Intangibles amortization FDIC assessments Merger-related expense Other expense Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 51 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Unrealized gains (losses) on securities AFS: Net unrealized holding gains (losses) ) ) Net realized (gains) losses included in income ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 52 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. Stockholders Equity (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interest Total Balances at December 31, 2019 Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options, net Issuance of common stock Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Adoption of new accounting pronouncement ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options, net Issuance of common stock in County acquisition, net of capitalized issuance costs of 
 Issuance of common stock in Mackinac acquisition, net of capitalized issuance costs of 
 Issuance of common stock Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options, net Issuance of common stock in Charter acquisition Issuance of common stock Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion Provision for credit losses Provision for deferred taxes ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Assets (gains) losses, net ) ) Gain on sale of loans held for sale, net ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Net change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Net (increase) decrease in certificates of deposit in other banks Purchases of securities AFS ) ) ) Purchases of securities HTM ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities AFS Proceeds from calls, paydowns, and maturities of investment securities AFS Proceeds from calls, paydowns, and maturities of investment securities HTM Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) ) Purchases of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of other investments Net (increase) decrease in premises and equipment ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in other real estate Proceeds from redemption of BOLI Net cash (paid) received in branch sale Net cash (paid) received in business combination ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Capitalized issuance costs, net ) Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Beginning cash and cash equivalents Ending cash and cash equivalents Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Transfer of loans and bank premises to other real estate owned Capitalized mortgage servicing rights Acquisitions: Fair value of assets acquired Fair value of liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Common stock issued in acquisitions 
 include any restricted cash. At both December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents included restricted cash of million pledged as collateral on interest rate swaps and no reserve balance was required with the Federal Reserve. 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1. 
 wholly owned subsidiaries, the Bank, Nicolet Advisory Services, LLC Nicolet Advisory ), and Nicolet Insurance Services, LLC Nicolet Insurance ). The consolidated income of the Company is derived principally from the Bank, which conducts lending (primarily commercial and agricultural-based loans, as well as residential and consumer loans) and deposit gathering (including other banking- and deposit-related products and services, such as ATMs, safe deposit boxes, check cashing, wires, and debit cards) to businesses, consumers and governmental units principally in its trade area of Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota, trust services, brokerage services (delivered through the Bank and Nicolet Advisory), and the support to deliver, fund and manage all such banking and wealth management services to its customer base. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank wholly owns an investment subsidiary based in Nevada, a subsidiary that provides a web-based investment management platform for financial advisor trades and related activity, and an entity that owns the building in which Nicolet is headquartered, Nicolet Joint Ventures, LLC (the JV ). The JV was owned by a real estate development and investment firm (the Firm through the JV until late 2020 when the Bank became the owner and sole managing member of the JV. The Firm is considered a related party, as one of its principals is a Board member and shareholder of the Company. 
 
 Nicolet Advisory is a registered investment advisor subsidiary that provides brokerage and investment advisory services to customers. In late 2020, to improve process efficiencies and organizational structure, the Company dissolved its wholly owned subsidiary, Brookfield Investment Partners, LLC, which provided limited investment services (transactional and strategy) to a few smaller banks, and Nicolet Advisory assumed those additional investment services contracts. Nicolet Insurance, acquired in 2021, was formed to facilitate the delivery of a crop insurance product associated with Nicolet s agricultural lending. 

reportable operating segment. 

55 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

56 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

days or more as to interest or principal, though may be placed in such status earlier based on the circumstances. Loans past due days or more may continue on accrual only when they are well secured and/or in process of collection or renewal. When interest accrual is discontinued, all previously accrued but uncollected interest is reversed against current period interest income. Except in very limited circumstances, cash collections on nonaccrual loans are credited to the loan receivable balance and no interest income is recognized on those loans until the principal balance is paid in full. Accrual of interest may be resumed when the customer is current on all principal and interest payments and has been paying on a timely basis for a sustained period of time. 
 
 A description of each segment of the loan portfolio, including the corresponding credit risk, is included below. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans consist primarily of commercial loans to small and mid-sized businesses within a diverse range of industries (manufacturing, wholesaling, paper, packaging, food production and processing, retail, service, and businesses supporting the general building industry). These loans are made for a wide variety of general corporate purposes, including working capital, equipment, and business expansion loans, with varying terms based upon the underlying purpose of the loan. Commercial and industrial loans are based primarily on the historical and projected cash flow of the underlying borrower, and secondarily on any underlying assets pledged by the borrower. The credit risk related to commercial and industrial loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations, or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. Credit risk is managed by employing sound underwriting guidelines, lending primarily to borrowers in local markets, formally reviewing the borrower s financial condition on an ongoing basis, and generally require a guarantee (in full or part) from the primary business owners. Commercial bankers utilize SBA programs, where appropriate, as Nicolet is a preferred SBA lender. 
 
 Owner-occupied CRE loans primarily consist of loans within a diverse range of industries secured by business real estate that is occupied by borrowers who operate their businesses out of the underlying collateral and who may also have commercial and industrial loans. The credit risk related to owner-occupied CRE loans is largely influenced by general economic conditions and the resulting impact on a borrower s operations, or on the value of underlying collateral. Credit risk is managed by employing sound underwriting guidelines, lending primarily to borrowers in local markets, periodically evaluating the underlying collateral, formally reviewing the borrower s financial performance on an ongoing basis, and generally require a guarantee (in full or part) from the primary business owners. 
 
 Agricultural loans consist of loans secured by farmland and the related farming operations, primarily within the dairy industry. These loans support short-term needs (planting crops or buying feed), as well as longer term needs (fund cattle, equipment or real estate purchases and improvements) of our agricultural customers. The credit risk related to agricultural loans is largely influenced by the agricultural economy, including market prices for the cost of feed and the price of milk, and/or the underlying value of the farmland. Credit risk is managed by employing sound underwriting guidelines, regular personal contact with our agricultural customers, formally reviewing the borrower s financial condition on an ongoing basis, and generally require a guarantee (in full or part) from the primary business owners. Agricultural bankers utilize FSA programs, where appropriate, as Nicolet is a preferred FSA lender. 
 
 57 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

58 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, collateral dependent loans, and other loans with evidence of credit deterioration. The specific reserve in the ACL-Loans for these credit deteriorated loans is equal to the aggregate collateral or discounted cash flow shortfall. Next, management allocates the ACL-Loans with historical loss rates by loan segment. The loss factors are measured on a quarterly basis and applied to each loan segment based on current loan balances and projected for their expected remaining life. Management also allocates the ACL-Loans using the qualitative and environmental factors mentioned above. Consideration is given to those current qualitative or environmental factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses at the evaluation date to differ from the historical loss experience of each loan segment. Lastly, management considers reasonable and supportable forecasts to assess the collectability of future cash flows. 
 
 Allocations to the ACL-Loans may be made for specific loans but the entire ACL-Loans is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off or for which an actual loss is realized. The allowance analysis is reviewed by the Board on a quarterly basis in compliance with internal and regulatory requirements. 

59 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years 
 Leasehold improvements years 
 Furniture and equipment years 

period, and are subject to periodic impairment evaluation. The customer list intangibles have finite lives, are amortized on a straight-line basis to expense over their initial weighted average life of approximately years as of acquisition, and are subject to periodic impairment evaluation. 

60 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The balance of these investments at December 31, 2022 was million and is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. There was no similar investment at December 31, 2021. 

61 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

At December 31, 2022, the Company was not under examination by any taxing authority. 

62 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 2. 
 shares of Nicolet common stock and in cash. As a result, Nicolet issued approximately million shares of Nicolet common stock for stock consideration of million and cash consideration of million, or a total purchase price of million. With the Charter merger, Nicolet expanded into Western Wisconsin and Minnesota. 

63 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investment securities Loans ) ACL-Loans ) ) Premises and equipment BOLI Core deposit intangible Other assets Total assets Liabilities Assumed: Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired Purchase Price: Nicolet common stock issued (in shares) Value of Nicolet common stock consideration Cash consideration paid Total purchase price Preliminary goodwill 
 
 The Company purchased loans through the acquisition of Charter for which there was, at the date of acquisition, more than insignificant deterioration of credit quality since origination (purchased credit deteriorated loans or PCD loans). 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans at acquisition Par value of PCD acquired loans at acquisition 
 
 The Company accounted for the Charter acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting, and thus, the financial position and results of operations of Charter prior to the consummation date were not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accounting required assets purchased and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The estimated fair value was determined with the assistance of third party valuations, appraisals, and third party advisors. Due to the timing of the merger, the purchase price allocation and estimated fair value measurements remain preliminary. Goodwill arising as a result of the Charter acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. Management will continue to review the estimated fair values and expects to finalize its analysis of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in the transaction over the next few months, within one year of the merger. Therefore, adjustments to the purchase price allocation and estimated fair value may occur. 
 
 County Bancorp, Inc. County ): On December 3, 2021, Nicolet completed its merger with County, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June 22, 2021 (the County Merger Agreement ), at which time County merged with and into Nicolet, and Investors Community Bank, the wholly owned bank subsidiary of County, was merged with and into the Bank. 
 
 64 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

or shares of Nicolet common stock, subject to proration procedures such that shares of County common stock were exchanged for cash, and the remaining shares were exchanged for Nicolet common stock. As a result, Nicolet issued approximately million shares of Nicolet common stock for stock consideration of million and cash consideration of million, or a total purchase price of million. With the County merger, Nicolet became the premier agriculture lender throughout Wisconsin. 
 
 Investment securities ) Loans ) ACL-Loans ) ) Premises and equipment ) BOLI Core deposit intangible Loan servicing rights Other assets ) Total assets Liabilities Assumed: Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired Purchase Price: Nicolet common stock issued (in shares) Value of Nicolet common stock consideration Cash consideration paid Total purchase price Write-off prior investment in County ) Goodwill 
 
 The Company purchased loans through the acquisition of County for which there was, at the date of acquisition, more than insignificant deterioration of credit quality since origination (PCD loans). 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans at acquisition Par value of PCD acquired loans at acquisition 
 
 The Company accounted for the County acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting, and thus, the financial position and results of operations of County prior to the consummation date were not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accounting required assets purchased and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The estimated fair value was determined with the assistance of third party valuations, appraisals, and third party advisors. Goodwill arising as a result of the County acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 65 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Nicolet common stock and in cash for each share of Mackinac common stock owned (approximating in cash and in stock), resulting in the issuance of million shares of Nicolet common stock for stock consideration of million and cash consideration of million, or a total purchase price of million. The Mackinac merger expands Nicolet prominently into Northern Michigan and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, and adds to Nicolet s presence in upper northeastern Wisconsin. 
 
 Investment securities Loans ACL-Loans ) ) Premises and equipment ) BOLI Goodwill ) Other intangibles Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities Assumed: Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired Purchase Price: Nicolet common stock issued (in shares) Value of Nicolet common stock consideration Cash consideration paid Total purchase price Write-off prior investment in Mackinac ) Goodwill 
 
 The Company purchased loans through the acquisition of Mackinac for which there was, at the date of acquisition, more than insignificant deterioration of credit quality since origination (PCD loans). 
 
 Allowance for credit losses on PCD loans at acquisition Par value of PCD acquired loans at acquisition 
 
 The Company accounted for the Mackinac acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting, and thus, the financial position and results of operations of Mackinac prior to the consummation date were not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accounting required assets purchased and liabilities assumed to be recorded at their respective estimated fair values 
 66 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net income Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 Advantage Community Bancshares, Inc. Advantage : On August 21, 2020, Nicolet completed its merger with Advantage, pursuant to the terms of the definitive merger agreement dated March 2, 2020, whereby Advantage merged with and into Nicolet, and Advantage Community Bank, the wholly owned bank subsidiary of Advantage, was merged with and into the Bank. Advantage s branches in Dorchester, Edgar, Mosinee, and Wausau opened as Nicolet National Bank branches on August 24, 2020, expanding our presence in Central Wisconsin and the Wausau area. Due to the small size of the transaction, terms of the all-cash deal were not disclosed. 
 
 million (representing of Nicolet s then pre-merger asset size), loans of million, deposits of million, core deposit intangible of million, and goodwill of million. 
 67 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 3. 
 U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities HTM: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Securities AFS: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities HTM: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities 
 68 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and borrowings, as applicable, and for liquidity or other purposes as required by regulation. Accrued interest on securities totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities HTM: U.S. Treasury securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Securities AFS: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities HTM: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities 
 69 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

allowance for credit losses on securities AFS was recognized. 
 
 The Company evaluated the securities HTM and determined allowance for credit losses was necessary at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency securities are guaranteed by the U.S. government. For the state, county and municipal securities, management considered issuer bond ratings, historical loss rates by bond ratings, whether issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments per the contractual terms of the investment securities, internal forecasts, and whether or not such investment securities provide insurance, other credit enhancement, or are pre-refunded by the issuers. For the mortgage-backed securities, all such securities were issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations, which are currently explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and have a long history of no credit losses. 
 
 Due in one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total 
 Gross losses ) ) Gains (losses) on sales of securities AFS, net ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities AFS 
 Includes proceeds of million recognized on the sale of securities AFS upon acquisition of Charter for which no gain or loss was recognized in the income statement as the investment securities were marked to fair value through purchase accounting. 
 70 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

FHLB stock Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Other investments Total other investments 
 
 71 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 4. 
 Owner-occupied commercial real estate CRE Agricultural Commercial CRE investment Construction land development Commercial real estate Commercial-based loans Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Residential real estate Retail other Retail-based loans Loans Less ACL-Loans Loans, net ACL-Loans to loans 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans included million and million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Accrued interest on loans totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses-Loans : 
 The majority of the Company s loans, commitments, and letters of credit have been granted to customers in the Company s market area. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, the credit risk in the loan portfolio is largely influenced by general economic conditions and trends of the counties and markets in which the debtors operate, and the resulting impact on the operations of borrowers or on the value of underlying collateral, if any. 
 Adoption of CECL Initial PCD ACL Total impact for adoption of CECL ACL on PCD loans acquired Provision for credit losses Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 
 72 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ACL on PCD loans Provision Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance As of ACL-Loans 
 The PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA; thus, no ACL-Loans has been allocated to these loans. 
 
 For comparison purposes, the following table presents the balance and activity in the ACL-Loans by portfolio segment for the prior year-end period. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) Commercial industrial Owner- occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Total ACL-Loans Beginning balance ACL on PCD loans Provision Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance As of ACL-Loans 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses-Unfunded Commitments : 
 In addition to the ACL-Loans, the Company has established an ACL-Unfunded Commitments of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, classified in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses : 
 The provision for credit losses is determined by the Company as the amount to be added to the ACL loss accounts for various types of financial instruments (including loans, investment securities, and off-balance sheet credit exposures) after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the ACL to a level that, in management s judgment, is necessary to absorb expected credit losses over the lives of the respective financial instruments. 
 
 Unfunded commitments Investment securities Total provision for credit losses 

73 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Total loans 
 December 31, 2021 Collateral Type (in thousands) Real Estate Other Business Assets Total Without an Allowance With an Allowance Allowance Allocation Commercial industrial Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Total loans 

74 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Total loans Percent of total loans 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 30-89 Days Past Due (accruing) 90 Days Over or nonaccrual Current Total Commercial industrial Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Total loans Percent of total loans 
 Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential construction Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Retail other Nonaccrual loans Percent of total loans 
 75 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Owner-occupied CRE Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Agricultural Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total CRE investment Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Construction land development Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential construction Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential first mortgage Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential junior mortgage Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Retail other Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Total loans 
 
 76 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Owner-occupied CRE Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Agricultural Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total CRE investment Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Construction land development Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential construction Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential first mortgage Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Residential junior mortgage Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Retail other Grades 1-4 Grade 5 Grade 6 Grade 7 Total Total loans 
 
 77 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Total 

78 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Owner-occupied CRE Agricultural CRE investment Construction land development Residential first mortgage Residential junior mortgage Total 
 
 TDR concessions may include payment schedule modifications, interest rate concessions, maturity date extensions, bankruptcies, or some combination of these concessions. There were loans which were classified as troubled debt restructurings during the previous twelve months that subsequently defaulted during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Land improvements Building and improvements Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Premises and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are obligated under non-cancelable operating leases for facilities, certain of which provide for rental adjustments based upon increases in cost of living adjustments and other indices. Rent expense under leases totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Nicolet leases space under non-cancelable operating lease agreements for certain bank branch facilities with remaining lease terms of to years. Certain lease arrangements contain extension options which typically range from to years at the then fair market rental rates. The lease asset and liability considers renewal options when they are reasonably certain of being exercised. 
 79 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Variable lease cost Net lease cost Selected other operating lease information: Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 branch locations acquired with Mackinac and the remainder legacy Nicolet branches) as part of its branch optimization strategy to better align with customer actions. The 2021 closures resulted in accelerated depreciation of million (recorded to occupancy, equipment and office expense). During 2020, the Company permanently closed branch locations owned locations and leased locations) given changing customer needs, partly from the pandemic. The 2020 closures resulted in accelerated depreciation of million, a million lease termination charge (recorded to other expense), and a million write-down upon transfer of the owned locations to OREO (recorded to asset gains (losses), net). 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 
 Core deposit intangibles Customer list intangibles Other intangibles Goodwill and other intangibles, net 
 Goodwill : Goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis or more frequently if certain events or circumstances occur. During 2022, goodwill increased due to the acquisition of Charter, while during 2021 goodwill increased due to the acquisitions of Mackinac and County. 
 80 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Acquisitions Purchase accounting adjustment Goodwill at end of year 
 Other intangibles : Other intangible assets, consisting of core deposit intangibles and customer list intangibles, are amortized over their estimated finite lives. During 2022, core deposit intangibles increased due to the acquisition of Charter, while during 2021, core deposit intangibles increased due to the acquisitions of Mackinac and County. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value Additions during the period Amortization during the period Customer list intangibles: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value Amortization during the period 
 Mortgage servicing rights : 
 Capitalized MSR MSR asset acquired Amortization during the period ) ) MSR asset at end of year Valuation allowance at beginning of year ) ) Additions ) Reversals Valuation allowance at end of year ) ) MSR asset, net Fair value of MSR asset at end of period Residential mortgage loans serviced for others Net book value of MSR asset to loans serviced for others 
 The Company periodically evaluates its mortgage servicing rights asset for impairment. At each reporting date, impairment is assessed based on estimated fair value using estimated prepayment speeds of the underlying mortgage loans serviced and stratification based on the risk characteristics of the underlying loans (predominantly loan type and note interest rate). 
 81 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

LSR asset acquired Amortization during the period ) LSR asset at end of year Agricultural loans serviced for others 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Transfer in loans at net realizable value Transfer in former bank branch properties at net realizable value Sales proceeds ) ) Net gain from sales Write-downs ) ) Acquired balance, net Balance at end of period 
 82 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 8. 
 Interest-bearing demand Money market Savings Time Total deposits 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Brokered deposits were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 million of short-term FHLB advances, comprised of million due in January 2023 at a weighted average rate of and million due in September 2023 at a weighted average rate of . The Company did t have any short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Long-Term Borrowings: 
 Long-term borrowings include any borrowing with an original contractual maturity greater than one year. 
 Junior subordinated debentures Subordinated notes Total long-term borrowings 
 
 FHLB Advances : The FHLB advances bear fixed rates, require interest-only monthly payments, and have maturity dates through March 2030. The weighted average rate of the FHLB advances was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The FHLB advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on qualifying residential first and junior mortgage loans which had a pledged balance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, million of U.S. Treasury Notes were pledged to the FHLB at December 31, 2022, compared to at December 31, 2021. 
 
 83 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures : Each of the junior subordinated debentures was issued to an underlying statutory trust (the statutory trusts ), which issued trust preferred securities and common securities and used the proceeds from the issuance of the common and the trust preferred securities to purchase the junior subordinated debentures of the Company. The debentures represent the sole asset of the statutory trusts. All of the common securities of the statutory trusts are owned by the Company. The statutory trusts are not included in the consolidated financial statements. The net effect of all the documents entered into with respect to the trust preferred securities is that the Company, through payments on its debentures, is liable for the distributions and other payments required on the trust preferred securities. Interest on all debentures is current. Any applicable discounts (initially recorded to carry an acquired debenture at its then estimated fair value) are being accreted to interest expense over the remaining life of the debenture. All the junior subordinated debentures are currently callable and may be redeemed in part or in full, at par, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of trust preferred securities qualify as Tier 1 capital. 
 Subordinated Notes (the Notes : In July 2021, the Company completed the private placement of million in fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due in 2031, with a fixed annual rate of for the first five years, and will reset quarterly thereafter to the then current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus basis points. The Notes, due in 2031, are redeemable beginning July 15, 2026 and quarterly thereafter on any interest payment date. 
 In December 2021, Nicolet assumed subordinated note issuances at a premium as the result of the County acquisition. One issuance was million in fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due in 2028, with a fixed annual interest rate of for the first five years, and will reset quarterly thereafter to the then current three-month LIBOR plus . The second issuance was million in fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due in 2030, with a fixed annual interest rate of for the first five years, and will reset quarterly thereafter to the then current SOFR plus basis points. The Notes due in 2028 are redeemable beginning June 1, 2023, and quarterly thereafter on any interest payment date, while the Notes due in 2030 are redeemable beginning June 30, 2025, and quarterly thereafter on any interest payment date. All Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 84 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Baylake Capital Trust II (3) 
 9/30/2036 ) First Menasha Statutory Trust (4) 
 3/17/2034 ) County Bancorp Statutory Trust II (5) 
 9/15/2035 ) County Bancorp Statutory Trust III (6) 
 6/15/2036 ) Fox River Valley Capital Trust (7) 
 5/30/2033 ) Total ) Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes due 2031 7/15/2031 ) County Subordinated Notes due 2028 6/1/2028 County Subordinated Notes due 2030 6/30/2030 Total 
 1. Represents the remaining unamortized premium or discount on debt issuances assumed in acquisitions, and represents the unamortized debt issue costs for the debt issued directly by Nicolet. 
 2. The debentures, assumed in April 2013 as the result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus , adjusted quarterly. 
 3. The debentures, assumed in April 2016 as a result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus , adjusted quarterly. 
 4. The debentures, assumed in April 2017 as the result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus , adjusted quarterly. 
 5. The debentures, assumed in December 2021 as the result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus , adjusted quarterly. 
 6. The debentures, assumed in December 2021 as the result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus , adjusted quarterly. 
 7. The debentures, assumed in December 2021 as the result of an acquisition, have a floating rate of 5-year LIBOR plus , which resets every five years. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 deferred compensation plans, one for certain key management employees and another for directors. Under the management plan, employees designated by the Board of Directors may elect to defer compensation and the Company may at its discretion make nonelective contributions on behalf of one or more eligible plan participants. Upon retirement, termination of employment or at their election, the employee shall become entitled to receive the deferred amounts plus earnings thereon. The liability for the cumulative employee and employer contributions, including earnings thereon, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately million and million, respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded discretionary contributions of million to selected participants during 2022, with approximately half vesting over a two year period (of which, one-third vested immediately and one-third vests on each of the first and second anniversaries of the initial grant) and the remainder vested immediately. In comparison, the Company recorded discretionary contributions of million to selected participants during 2021, which vested immediately. The expense related to these discretionary contributions is recognized over the vesting period of the related grant. 
 Under the director plan, participating directors may defer up to of their Board compensation towards the purchase of Company common stock at market prices on a quarterly basis that is held in a Rabbi Trust and distributed when each such participating director ends his or her board service. During 2022 and 2021, the director plan purchased and shares of Company common stock valued at approximately and , respectively. Common stock valued at approximately (and representing shares) was distributed to past directors during 2021 and common stock was distributed during 2022. The common stock outstanding and the related director deferred compensation liability are offsetting components of the Company s equity in the amount of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 representing shares and shares, respectively. 
 85 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of salary compensation on either a pre-tax or after-tax basis, subject to certain IRS limits. Under the plan, the Company matches of participating employee contributions up to of the participant s eligible compensation. The Company contribution vests over . The Company can make additional annual discretionary profit sharing contributions, as determined by the Board of Directors. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s 401(k) expense was approximately million (including a million profit sharing contribution), million (including a million profit sharing contribution), and million (including a million profit sharing contribution), respectively. 
 Employee stock purchase plan: 
 The Company sponsors an employee stock purchase plan under which eligible employees may purchase Nicolet common stock at a discount, utilizing payroll deductions that range from a minimum of to a maximum of per payroll, during offering periods (currently quarterly). 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 shares of the Company s common stock for potential stock-based awards. This plan provides for certain stock-based awards such as, but not limited to, stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted common stock, as well as cash performance awards. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for grant under this plan. 
 Stock option grants generally will expire after the date of grant, have an exercise price equal to the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant, and will become exercisable based upon vesting terms determined by the committee. Restricted stock grants generally are issued at the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant, are restricted as to transfer, but are not restricted as to dividend payments or voting rights, and the transfer restrictions lapse over time, depending upon vesting terms provided for in the grant and contingent upon continued employment. 
 A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock option grants. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected average life years years years Weighted average per share fair value of options 
 86 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted Exercise of stock options ) Forfeited Outstanding December 31, 2020 
 Granted Exercise of stock options ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 
 Granted Exercise of stock options ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable December 31, 2022 
 
 The terms of the stock option agreements permit having a number of shares of stock withheld, the fair market value of which as of the date of exercise is sufficient to satisfy the exercise price and/or tax withholding requirements, and accordingly shares, shares, and shares were surrendered during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Intrinsic value represents the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock options. The intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 

87 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 
 The terms of the restricted stock agreements permit the surrender of shares to the Company upon vesting in order to satisfy applicable tax withholding at the minimum statutory withholding rate, and accordingly shares, shares, and shares were surrendered during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 million, million and million of stock-based compensation expense (included in personnel on the consolidated statements of income) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, associated with its common stock awards granted to officers and employees. In addition, during 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized approximately million, million, and million, respectively, of director expense (included in other expense on the consolidated statements of income) for restricted stock grants with immediate vesting to non-employee directors totaling shares in 2022, shares in 2021, and shares in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to equity award grants. The cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of approximately . The Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively, for the tax impact of stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock. 
 88 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 12. 
 million was utilized to repurchase and cancel approximately common shares at a weighted average price of , while during 2021, million was utilized to repurchase and cancel approximately common shares at a weighted average price of . As of December 31, 2022, there remained million authorized under the repurchase program to be utilized from time-to-time to repurchase common shares in the open market, through block transactions or in private transactions. 
 On August 26, 2022, in connection with its acquisition of Charter, the Company issued shares of its common stock for stock consideration valued at million plus cash consideration of million. 
 On September 3, 2021, in connection with its acquisition of Mackinac, the Company issued shares of its common stock for stock consideration valued at million plus cash consideration of million. Approximately million in direct stock issuance costs for the merger were incurred and charged against additional paid-in capital. 
 shares of its common stock for stock consideration valued at million plus cash consideration of million. Approximately million in direct stock issuance costs for the merger were incurred and charged against additional paid-in capital. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 Deferred ) ) Income tax expense 
 State income taxes, net of federal effect Tax-exempt interest income ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value life insurance ) ) ) Stock-based employee compensation ) ) ) Executive compensation Other, net ) Income tax expense 
 89 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Net operating loss carryforwards Compensation Other Other real estate Basis difference on acquired securities Unrealized loss on securities AFS Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Basis difference on acquired securities ) Core deposit and other intangibles ) ) Purchase accounting adjustments to liabilities ) ) MSR and LSR assets ) ) Other ) ) Unrealized gain on securities AFS ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 A valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, valuation allowance was determined to be necessary. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a federal and state net operating loss carryforward of million and million, respectively. The entire federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were the result of the Company s acquisitions. The federal and state net operating loss carryovers resulting from the acquisitions have been included in the IRC section 382 limitation calculation and are being limited to the overall amount expected to be realized. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 Financial standby letters of credit Performance standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commercial-related commitments to extend credit represented of the total year-end commitments for both 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were predominantly commercial lines of credit that carry a term of one year or less. The commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 90 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. In comparison, interest rate lock commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale and forward commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale totaled million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The net fair value of these mortgage derivatives combined was a net gain of million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Company has federal funds lines available with other financial institutions where funds may be borrowed on a short-term basis at the market rate in effect at the time of the borrowing. Federal funds lines of million were available at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Nicolet is party to various pending and threatened claims and legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business activities, some of which may involve claims for substantial amounts. Although Nicolet has developed policies and procedures to minimize legal noncompliance and the impact of claims and other proceedings and endeavored to procure reasonable amounts of insurance coverage, litigation and regulatory actions present an ongoing risk. With respect to all such claims, Nicolet continuously assesses its potential liability based on the allegations and evidence available. If the facts indicate that it is probable that Nicolet will incur a loss and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated, Nicolet will establish an accrual for the probable loss. For matters where a loss is not probable, or the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, Nicolet does not establish an accrual. 
 Nicolet believes it has meritorious defenses to any pending claims and intends to defend itself vigorously. That aside, Nicolet also acknowledges that final resolution of legal claims can be unpredictable. Various factors can exacerbate this unpredictability, for example, when the damages being sought are unsubstantiated or indeterminate, when discovery is not complete, when the proceeding is not yet in its final stages, when the claims present a novel or unsettled issue of law, when there are significant facts in dispute, when there are a large number of parties (including where it is uncertain how liability, if any, will be shared among multiple defendants), or when there is a wide range of potential results. Although uncertain, based on the most recent information available, advice of counsel and available insurance coverage, if applicable, management believes that any liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. It is possible, however, that future developments could result in an unfavorable outcome for or resolution of any one or more of the legal proceedings in which Nicolet is a defendant, which may be material to Nicolet s business or consolidated results of operations or financial condition for a particular fiscal period or periods. 
 
 NOTE 15. 

91 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

New loans Repayments ) Changes due to status of executive officers and directors ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Nicolet has an active common stock repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of common stock in the open market, through block transactions, or in private transactions. During 2021, Nicolet repurchased common stock in a private transaction from former executive, Ann K. Lawson, including shares for million (or an average cost per share of ). This private transaction was made in conjunction with a large stock option exercise by the executive. 
 As described in Note 1, the Company had a ownership in a joint venture with the Firm in connection with the Company s headquarters facility. The Firm was considered a related party, as one of its principals is a Board member and shareholder of the Company. Effective December 31, 2020, the Bank purchased the ownership interest from the Firm for million, to improve efficiencies in process and organizational structure, and to reflect that the Bank had expanded to occupy the majority of the building. Thus, at December 31, 2020, the Bank was the sole owner and managing member of the JV, with the JV operating as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank solely to hold the headquarters facility. Prior to this purchase, the Bank incurred approximately million in annual rent expense to the JV during 2020. 
 In October 2013, the Company entered into a lease for a branch location in a facility owned by a different member of the Company s Board and incurred annual rent expense of , , and , on this facility during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. This same Board member participated in a competitive bid process for and was awarded the contract as general contractor for the construction of a new branch location in 2022, and the reconstruction of a different existing branch location in 2019. The 2022 new branch construction is estimated to total million, of which, approximately million was paid during 2022 as progress was made on the construction. Payments for the 2019 branch reconstruction were million, including payments of million in 2020 and million in 2019 as progress was made on this branch reconstruction. In addition, payments of were made during 2022 for small branch construction projects at other branch locations. At least of all branch construction payments were passed through to various subcontractors. 
 In August 2022, the Company assumed a lease for a Charter administrative location in a facility owned by an entity for which another Board member has the controlling ownership interest. Rent expense of was paid during 2022 (from the acquisition of Charter) on this location. 
 
 NOTE 16.) ) Gains (losses) on equity securities, net ) ) Gains (losses) on sales of OREO, net Write-downs of OREO ) ) ) Write-down of other investment ) Gains (losses) on sales of other investments, net Gains (losses) on sales or dispositions of other assets, net ) ) Asset gains (losses), net ) 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 
 92 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million to the Company without seeking regulatory approval. 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 capital Leverage Bank Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 capital Leverage December 31, 2021 Company Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 capital Leverage Bank Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Common equity Tier 1 capital Leverage 
 (1) The Total risk-based capital ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital plus tier 2 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets. CET1 risk-based capital ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital, with deductions for goodwill and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets), net of associated deferred tax liabilities, and limitations on the inclusion of deferred tax assets, 
 93 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 18. 
 U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities AFS Other investments (equity securities) Derivative assets Derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government agency securities State, county and municipals Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Securities AFS Other investments (equity securities) Derivative assets Derivative liabilities 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used by the Company for the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, noted in the table above. 
 94 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Acquired balances Paydowns/Sales/Settlements ) Unrealized gains / (losses) ) Balance at end of year 
 Nonrecurring basis fair value measurements: 
 OREO MSR asset December 31, 2021 Collateral dependent loans OREO MSR asset 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used by the Company for the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, noted in the table above. 
 Collateral dependent loans : For individually evaluated collateral dependent loans, the fair value is based upon the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, or the estimated liquidity of the note. 
 OREO : For OREO, the fair value is based upon the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral adjusted for the expected costs to sell. 
 MSR asset : To estimate the fair value of the MSR asset, the underlying serviced loan pools are stratified by interest rate tranche and term of the loan, and a valuation model is used to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows for each stratum. The servicing valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as costs to service, a discount rate, ancillary income, default rates and losses, and prepayment speeds. Although some of these 
 95 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Certificates of deposit in other banks Securities AFS Securities HTM Other investments Loans held for sale Loans, net MSR asset Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Certificates of deposit in other banks Securities AFS Securities HTM Other investments Loans held for sale Loans, net MSR asset Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Long-term borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 96 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

97 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 19. 
 Investments Investments in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Junior subordinated debentures Subordinated notes Other liabilities Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Statements of Income Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Interest expense Net interest expense ) ) ) Dividend income from subsidiaries Operating expense ) ) ) Gain (loss) on investments, net ) Income tax benefit Earnings before equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries ) Net income attributable to Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 98 

NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Accretion of discounts on borrowings (Gain) loss on investments, net ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities, net ) Equity in undistributed (income) loss of subsidiaries, net of dividends ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from sale of investments Purchases of investments ) ) ) Net cash paid in business combinations ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Capitalized issuance costs, net ) Repayment of long-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from subsidiary ) ) Beginning cash and due from subsidiary Ending cash and due from subsidiary 
 
 NOTE 20. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive common stock awards Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share as the effect of their exercise would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 NOTE 21. 
 million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The Birmingham Sale closed on January 21, 2022. 
 99 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 Green Bay, Wisconsin 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon . 
 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Charter Bankshares, Inc. (Charter) and its subsidiary bank, Charter Bank, acquired on August 26, 2022. We have also excluded Charter from the scope of our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Charter represented approximately 15 percent and 5 percent of the Company s total assets and total revenues, respectively, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 6.18 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the allowance for credit losses on loans (ACL) was 61.83 million. 
 
 As more fully described in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements, the ACL is an estimate of lifetime expected credit losses for loans. The estimate of the ACL considers historic loss rates that are adjusted for reasonable and supportable forecasts, as well as other qualitative adjustments. Loans that do not share risk characteristics and purchased credit deteriorated (PCD) loans are evaluated on an individual basis. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses of loans on a pool basis when the loans share similar characteristics. Historical loss rates are analyzed for the segmented loan pools and applied to their respective loan pools over the expected remaining life of the pooled loans. Historical loss rates are adjusted for significant factors that, in management s judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss recognition, as well as for certain known model limitations. Forecast factors are developed based on information obtained from external sources, as well as consideration of other internal information, and are included in the ACL model for a reasonable and supportable forecast period. Management re-evaluates the other qualitative and environmental factors that it feels are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from the historical loss experience of each loan segment. 

We identified the valuation of the ACL as a critical audit matter. Auditing the estimated ACL involved significant judgment and complex review. Auditing the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management s segmentation, estimating the remaining life of loans in a pool, assessment of economic conditions, and other environmental and forecast factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans, and assessing the appropriateness of loan risk grades. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 Management s process for establishing the ACL involves a high degree of subjectivity. We evaluated management s process to assess economic conditions and other environmental factors, the adequacy of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans, and appropriateness of loan grades and other data used to calculate and estimate the various components of the ACL. 
 
 Our primary audit procedures related to the ACL included the following, among others: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL, including the implementation of models and the qualitative factor adjustments of the ACL. 
 Tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls, including: 
 data completeness and accuracy, 
 classifications of loans by loan pool, 
 accuracy of historical net loss data and calculated net loss rates over the estimated life of each loan pool, 
 the establishment of qualitative and economic forecast adjustments, loan grades, and risk classification of loans, and 
 establishment of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans; 
 Tested completeness and accuracy of the data utilized in the ACL; 
 Tested the model s computational accuracy; 
 Evaluated the relevance and reliability of data and assumptions used in the estimate; 
 Evaluated the qualitative and economic forecast adjustments to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions; 
 Tested the internal loan review function and evaluated the reasonableness of loan grades; 
 Assessed the reasonableness of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans; 
 Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of Topic 326 disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed an acquisition with a bank holding company during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in the expansion of the Company s operating footprint and additional goodwill of approximately 50 million being recognized on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Management determined that the acquisition qualified as a business combination. Accordingly, all identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed were valued at fair value as part of the purchase price allocation as of the acquisition date. The identification and valuation of such acquired assets and assumed liabilities required management to exercise significant judgment and consider the use of outside vendors to estimate certain of the fair value allocations. 

We identified the acquisition and the related valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as a critical audit matter. Auditing the acquired net assets and acquisition-related considerations involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s operational assumptions of the acquisition, fair value estimates, purchase price allocation, and assessing the appropriateness of outside vendor valuation models. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 The primary procedures we performed to address the accounting for the business combinations included: 
 
 Obtained and reviewed executed Plan of Merger document to gain an understanding of the underlying terms of the completed acquisition; 
 Obtained and reviewed management s business combination memo to gain an understanding of the procedures performed to identify and calculate the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities; 
 Tested management s business combination accounting analysis, focusing on the completeness and accuracy of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the related fair value purchase price allocation; 
 Obtained valuation estimates prepared by the Company s external valuation specialists or prepared internally and challenged management s analysis of the appropriateness of the valuations allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed; including but not limited to, testing of critical inputs, assumptions applied, and valuation models utilized; 
 Utilized FORVIS internal valuation specialists to assist with evaluating the related fair value purchase price allocation made to certain identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed; 
 Tested the goodwill calculation resulting from the completed acquisition, which is the difference between the total net consideration paid and the fair value of the net assets acquired; 
 Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

February 24, 2023 
 100 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, collectively, the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for the recognition and measurement of allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2020 due to the adoption of ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Estimate of the allowance for credit losses loans related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses loans (ACL-Loans) totaled 32.2 million of which 30.9 million relates to loans collectively evaluated for impairment (general reserve). The Company estimated the general reserve using the weighted average remaining life method which utilizes historical loss rates of pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and then applied to the respective loan pool balances. These amounts are then adjusted for certain qualitative factors related to current conditions in addition to adjustments for reasonable and supportable forecasts for future periods. 
 
 101 

We identified the estimate of the general reserve portion of the ACL-Loans as a critical audit matter because auditing it required significant auditor judgment and involved significant estimation uncertainty requiring industry knowledge and experience. 
 
 The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of key controls relating to the Company s ACL-Loans calculation, including controls over the segmentation of the loan portfolio, the periods used in the calculation, the determination of qualitative factors including reasonable and supportable forecasts, and the precision of management s review and approval of the calculation and resulting estimate 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management to calculate historical loss rates adjusted for the remaining life of the loan pools 
 We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management in determining qualitative factor adjustments, including the reasonable and supportable factors, by agreeing them to internal and external information 
 We analyzed the qualitative factors in comparison to historical periods to evaluate the directional consistency in relation to the Company s loan portfolio and local economy 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

February 26, 2021 
 
 102 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision, and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022 there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Management also conducted an assessment of requirements pertaining to Section 112 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act. This section relates to management s evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, including controls over the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the instructions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies (Form FR Y-9C) and in compliance with laws and regulations. Our evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluations of the design of the internal control system and tests of the effectiveness of internal controls. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was effective. 
 FORVIS, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is included under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm In Part II, Item 8. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 103 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 (a) Information Regarding Directors and Executive Officers. The information required by this Item 10 regarding our directors and director nominees contained under the caption Election of Directors under the heading Proposal 1: Election of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Information required by this Item 10 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, will be contained under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (c) Code of Ethics. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its employees, officers, and directors. This Code is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our Internet website at www.nicoletbank.com . If we choose to no longer post such Code, we will provide a free copy to any person upon written request to H. Phillip Moore, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., 111 North Washington Street, Green Bay, Wisconsin 54301, telephone (920) 430-1400. We intend to provide any required disclosure of any amendment to or waiver from such Code that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on our Internet website located at www.nicoletbank.com promptly following the amendment or waiver. We may elect to disclose any such amendment or waiver in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC either in addition to or in lieu of the website disclosure. The information contained on or connected to our Internet website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 (d) Procedures for Shareholders to Recommend Director Nominees. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 
 (e) Audit Committee Information. Information required by this Item 10 regarding our Audit Committee and our audit committee financial experts may be found under the caption Board Committees - Audit Compliance Committee in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information pertaining to the audit committee and its membership and audit committee financial experts under such captions is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is regarding director and executive officer compensation, the Compensation Committee Report, the risks arising from our compensation policies and practices for employees, pay ratio disclosure, and compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is contained under the captions Director Compensation and Executive Compensation - Compensation Discussion and Analysis in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information contained under the caption Stock Ownership in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (a) (1) 
 Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights (b) (2) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,926,554 59.79 683,510 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total at December 31, 2022 
 1,926,554 59.79 683,510 
 (1) Includes 73,490 shares potentially issuable upon the vesting of outstanding restricted stock. 
 (2) The weighted average exercise price relates only to the exercise of outstanding options included in column (a). 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 regarding certain relationships and related transactions is contained under the caption Related Party Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information under such heading is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this Item 13 regarding director independence is contained under the caption Affirmative 
 104 

Determinations Regarding Director Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 regarding fees we paid to our principal accountant, FORVIS, LLP (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm ID ), and the pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee of our Board is contained under the caption Fees Paid to Auditors in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information under such caption is incorporated herein by reference. 
 105 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following is a list of documents filed as a part of this Report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and related reports of our independent registered public accounting firm are incorporated into this Item 15 by reference from Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules to the consolidated financial statements are omitted, as the required information is not applicable. 
 
 3. Exhibits The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page to this Annual Report on 10-K, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 106 

EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger Between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and Mackinac Financial Corporation, dated April 12, 2021 (1) 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger Between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and County Bancorp, Inc., dated June 22, 2021 (2) 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger By and Between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and Charter Bankshares, Inc. dated March 29, 2022 (3) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (4) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (5) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of July 7, 2021, by and between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee . (6) 
 4.2 Form of 3.125 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc . (6) 
 4.3 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (7) 
 4.8 Description of Nicolet's Registered Securities . (8) 
 10.1 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of award documents. (9) 
 10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 7, 2021, by and between Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. and the several Purchasers . (6) 
 10.3 [Reserved] 10.4 [Reserved] 10.5 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective February 19, 2019, and approved by the shareholders of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. on May 13, 2019, and forms of award documents. (8) 
 10.6 Nicolet National Bank 2002 Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended. (10) 
 10.7 Nicolet National Bank 2009 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (7) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Nicolet National Bank and Michael E. Daniels. (11) 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Nicolet National Bank and Robert B. Atwell. (11) 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated June 7, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Nicolet National Bank and H. Phillip Moore, Jr. (12) 
 10.11 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (14) 
 10.12 [Reserved] 10.13 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (formerly the Baylake Corp. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan), and forms of award documents . (13) 
 10.14 [Reserved] 10.15 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Nicolet National Bank and Eric J. Witczak. (11) 
 10.16 [Reserved] 10.17 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 7, 2019, by and among the Registrant, Nicolet National Bank and Brad V. Hutjens. (11) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 23.2 Consent of Wipfli LLP . (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm ID 
 31.1 Certification of CEO under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO under Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of CEO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS The XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (15) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Denotes a management compensatory agreement. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2021 (File No. 001-37700). 
 107 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2022 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on March 12, 2014 (File No. 333-90052). 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2020 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number in the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2021 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number in the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed on February 1, 2013 (Regis. No. 333-186401). 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number in the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 26, 2021 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, filed on March 9, 2015 (File No. 333-90052). 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed on March 10, 2017 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number in the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, filed on March 8, 2019 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2021 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2016 (File No. 001-37700). 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant s Proxy Statement filed March 7, 2018. 
 (15) Includes the following financial information included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 108 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 NICOLET BANKSHARES, INC. February 24, 2023 By: /s/ Michael E. Daniels Michael E. Daniels, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 February 24, 2023 
 /s/ Michael E. Daniels /s/ Brenda L. Johnson Michael E. Daniels Brenda L. Johnson President and Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ H. Phillip Moore, Jr. /s/ Ann K. Lawson H. Phillip Moore, Jr. Ann K. Lawson Chief Financial Officer Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Robert B. Atwell /s/ Donald J. Long, Jr. Robert B. Atwell Donald J. Long, Jr. Executive Chairman Director /s/ Marcia M. Anderson /s/ Dustin J. McClone Marcia M. Anderson Dustin J. McClone Director Director /s/ H ctor Col n 
 /s/ Susan L. Merkatoris H ctor Col n 
 Susan L. Merkatoris Director Director /s/ Lynn D. Davis /s/ Oliver Pierce Smith Lynn D. Davis Oliver Pierce Smith Director Director /s/ John N. Dykema /s/ Paul D. Tobias John N. Dykema Paul D. Tobias Director Director /s/ Christopher J. Ghidorzi /s/ Robert J. Weyers Christopher J. Ghidorzi Robert J. Weyers Director Director /s/ Andrew F. Hetzel, Jr. Andrew F. Hetzel, Jr. Director 
 109 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 Name of Subsidiary State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Equity Interest Held by Registrant Nicolet National Bank National bank organized under the laws of the United States of America 100 Nicolet Advisory Services, LLC Wisconsin limited liability company 100 Nicolet Insurance Services, LLC Wisconsin limited liability company 100 
 
 In addition to the subsidiaries listed above, the Registrant owns all of the common stock of a) Mid-Wisconsin Statutory Trust I, b) Baylake Capital Trust II, c) First Menasha Bancshares Statutory Trust I, d) First Menasha Bancshares Statutory Trust II, e) County Bancorp Statutory Trust II, f) County Bancorp Statutory Trust III, and g) Fox River Valley Trust I, which represents an approximate 3 equity interest in each trust, with preferred shareholders holding the remaining equity interest in each of the trusts. 
 
 Subsidiaries of Nicolet National Bank 
 Name of Subsidiary State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Equity Interest Held by Registrant Nicolet Investments, Inc. Nevada corporation 100 Nicolet Joint Ventures, LLC Wisconsin limited liability company 100 Nicolet Financial Group, LLC Wisconsin limited liability company 100 NNB Properties, LLC Wisconsin limited liability company 100 1 st Source Solar 8, LLC 
 Delaware limited liability company 90 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 Green Bay, Wisconsin 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-736006, No. 33-2657, No. 333-182464, and No. 333-182465) on Form S-8 and No. 333-214840 on Form S-3D of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which reports appear in the December 31, 2022, Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 

Springfield, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-188853, File No. 333-188856, File No. 333-188857, File No. 333-188858, File No. 333-208192, File No. 333-213734, File No. 333-225180 and File No. 333-231638) and Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-224168) of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. of our report dated February 26, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s WIPFLI LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
 Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Michael E. Daniels, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Michael E. Daniels Michael E. Daniels President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
 Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, H. Phillip Moore, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s H. Phillip Moore, Jr. H. Phillip Moore, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael E. Daniels, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C s.1350, as adopted pursuant to s.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s Michael E. Daniels Michael E. Daniels President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 nic-12312022x10kxexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with this Annual Report of Nicolet Bankshares, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, H. Phillip Moore, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C s.1350, as adopted pursuant to s.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 24, 2023 s H. Phillip Moore, Jr. H. Phillip Moore, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

