<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1829280_0001140361-23-014888.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11716269</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>204495</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1634574</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4241987</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2967071</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2303793</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014888.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014888
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forian Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				853467693
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40146
		FILM NUMBER:		23781818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940
		BUSINESS PHONE:		267-757-8707

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		41 UNIVERSITY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NEWTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18940

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014888.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 brhc10050070_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State of Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name Of Each Exchange

 On Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically; every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
 reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of
 June 30, 2022 (last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing sale price as reported on Nasdaq. Shares of voting stock held by each executive officer and director of the
 registrant, together with voting stock held by affiliates of the registrant s executive officers and directors, have been excluded from this calculation given that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination
 of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of March 23, 2023, there are shares
 outstanding of the registrant s common stock, including shares of unvested restricted stock.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by
 reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I

Item 1. 

Business 

 4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

 11 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

 22 

Item 2. 

Properties 

 22 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

 22 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

 23 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 23 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

 23 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 23 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 34 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 35 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 68 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

 68 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

 70 

Item 9C: 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 70 

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 70 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

 71 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 71 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 71 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 71 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 71 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

 73 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10 K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements. All statements
 other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products, product approvals, research
 and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations and future results of anticipated products, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks,
 uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, 
 believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10 K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking
 statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the
 date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described under the sections in this Annual Report on Form 10 K titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of
 which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could
 differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk
 factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or
 otherwise.

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms Forian, registrant, the Company, we, us, and our mean Forian Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise.

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Overview

Forian Inc. provides a unique suite of data management capabilities and proprietary information and analytics solutions to optimize and measure operational, clinical and financial performance for
 customers within the traditional and emerging life sciences and healthcare payer and provider industries.

Forian was founded on October 15, 2020, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC MOR ), which was founded on May 6, 2019, in connection with the business
 combination transactions described below. On October 16, 2020, Forian entered into a definitive agreement with Helix Technologies, Inc. Helix and MOR, pursuant to which DNA Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Forian Merger Sub ),
 merged with and into Helix, with Helix surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Forian (the Merger ). On March 2, 2021, Forian entered into a definitive agreement with the equity holders of MOR pursuant to which the equity holders of
 MOR contributed their interests in MOR to Forian in exchange for shares of Forian common stock (the Contribution and together with the Merger, the Business Combination ). Following consummation of the Business Combination on March 2, 2021,
 Forian became the parent company of both Helix and MOR. On March 3, 2021, Forian s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol FORA. 

4 

Table of Contents 

On February 10, 2023, Helix completed the sale of 100 of the outstanding capital stock of its wholly owned subsidiary, Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc., a Florida corporation BioTrack ), to BT
 Assets Group Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleaves Inc., a Delaware corporation Alleaves (the BioTrack Transaction ). As a result of the BioTrack Transaction, as of February 10, 2023, we no longer provide
 software solutions to the cannabis industry. We retained certain license rights with respect to transactional data processed by the BioTrack point of sale software solution for use in our information offerings. For further discussion on the
 BioTrack Transaction, refer to Note 20 Subsequent Events in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our principal executive offices are located at 41 University Drive, Suite 400, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940 and our primary website address is www.forian.com. The reference to the Forian website
 address does not constitute incorporation by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the information contained at or available through our website.

Our Business

Forian is derived from Greek work, plirofo a , meaning information or intelligence. At Forian, we are building a leading healthcare informatics and
 analytics solutions company. We leverage our expertise in data management and data science to generate information products and insights that improve our customers performance. Our solutions sit atop a massive and perpetually growing expanse of
 large-scale data assets. Our offerings include innovative commercial, Real World Evidence RWE and market access solutions and proprietary data-driven insights to optimize the operational, clinical and financial performance of our customers.

As the cost of healthcare delivery and research continues to expand rapidly, entities across the healthcare ecosystem are increasingly interested in the patient health journey to better
 understand the cost, value and efficacy of healthcare products and services in order to improve commercial effectiveness by targeting and segmenting customers more effectively and to understand access to products and services based on insurance
 coverage. Additionally, emerging therapeutics are increasingly becoming part of the patient journey and may offer greater pharmacoeconomic benefit and generate superior outcomes. However, adoption of alternative therapies is consistently thwarted
 by a lack of trusted information. Data on emerging therapeutics, such as cannabinoids and psychedelics, is typically difficult to acquire and neither standardized nor normalized and, consequently, patients, providers and payers are hesitant to
 leverage cannabinoids and psychedelics as therapeutics in the patient journey. Forian is uniquely positioned to overcome this challenge by leveraging cannabinoid data to provide mission critical clinical and commercial intelligence to customers
 across traditional healthcare and emerging therapeutic markets. Our agile structure has allowed us to build market-driven product and service offerings, as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that deliver value to customers at various
 stages of maturity by providing proprietary data insights to drive business and product innovation.

Our Markets

U.S. healthcare spending is roughly 18 of GDP, and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services expect the growth patterns to increase the spending back to roughly 20 of GDP following the
 significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Outside the pandemic, the market has been expanding and evolving rapidly over the past decade due to an aging population, innovations in treatments and a reimagining of service delivery. There has been
 a growing emphasis on digitizing medical records and providing access to those records to providers and patients in support of more efficient and effective care. Disparate, unconnected systems, new diagnostics and treatment protocols are all
 generating new sources of data. In addition, data is being generated from retailers, social media and the internet. Collectively, the expansion of the volume and type of data has created challenges in making information interoperable and
 actionable. New and existing sources of data are often unstructured, preventing the seamless ability to derive valuable insights. New systems and solutions are needed to provide accessible and statistically significant data sets that offer the
 ability to conduct longitudinal analyses. The derived information and business intelligence is relevant to all healthcare stakeholders, and we believe there is an increasing need for the aggregation and integration of the large clinical data
 sets, irrespective of the source (e.g., traditional healthcare systems or emerging technologies).

5 

Table of Contents 

The global market for healthcare analytics was approximately 17 billion in 2017 and is expected to grow to an estimated 69 billion by 2025 according to BIS
 Research: Global Big Data in Healthcare Market; Analysis and Forecast, 2017-2025 . We view this market in three principal segments: clinical analytics, commercial analytics and technology platform solutions. The market for clinical
 analytics includes RWE, health economics, outcomes research databases and analytic platforms as well as clinical data capture, clinical analytics and research services, investigator site and patient recruitment, observation studies and
 pharmacoeconomics. The market for commercial analytics includes customer segmentation and targeting, campaign measurement, longitudinal patient analytics and payer market access analytics. The market for technology platform solutions includes
 information technology, data management, data warehousing, IT outsourcing and software development.

We believe that RWE continues to drive value for all healthcare stakeholders. The proliferation of information technology and analytics extends well beyond life sciences. Information is critical
 to the ability for payers to manage and price risk effectively. The emergence of new data assets and technology have enabled better risk stratification, treatment protocol development and decision making relating to coverage of existing and
 emerging therapies. The ability to enter into value-based contracts is predicated on access to RWE related data and analytics.

Similarly, the healthcare delivery system is changing rapidly with telehealth and remote based monitoring become critical. As such, providers require more information to inform treatment
 decisions. This requires connectivity and access to their patients information including the use of over-the-counter and unapproved pharmaceutical treatments. Absent standards and the ability to capture and integrate these data into their
 medical records, they will lack the information required to guide the most effective treatments.

Institutional healthcare providers are losing large numbers of patients and large amounts of revenue due to changes in where and how healthcare is delivered, reduced demand for elective
 procedures due to COVID-19 and intense competition for customers and referrals. Provider profiling data, market supply and demand analytics and treatment protocol improvements all require information that we are well suited to deliver.

Life science companies need to fully understand how, when and why patients are treated with both traditional and alternative therapies. This understanding is incomplete without extending the
 understanding of the patient journey to emerging therapeutics, including cannabis-based treatments. Additionally, this evidence is also used to provide insights for product development, regulatory approval and monitoring of products after they
 have been released in the market.

The use of cannabis for medical purposes is gaining momentum worldwide due to recent legalization and emerging research into therapeutic value and efficacy. Medical cannabis is used for the
 treatment of a growing array of diseases and chronic conditions, including but not limited to pain, inflammation, arthritis, anxiety, depression, epilepsy and Parkinson s and Alzheimer s diseases.

Life science companies need to fully understand how, when and why patients are treated with both traditional and alternative therapies. This understanding is incomplete without extending the
 understanding of the patient journey to emerging therapeutics including cannabis-based treatments. Governments, manufacturers, cultivators and distributors as well as dispensaries need information on the safety and efficacy of cannabis in both
 medical and adult use settings. As legalization and usage expands rapidly, providers, patients and caregivers want more assurance of the quality and consistency of the products and insight into therapeutic alternatives for treatment of chronic
 conditions.

There is little to no understanding of the benefit of alternative therapeutic interventions used in place of or concomitantly with traditional therapeutics. The life science industry is currently
 investing in over 100 clinical trials for cannabis-based products which is indicative of these treatment alternatives becoming increasingly mainstream.

Our Offerings

Our mission is to provide our clients with superior information and analytical solutions that promote safer, more efficient and profitable business operations. Additionally, we strive to improve
 the health outcomes of patients by enabling our clients to serve their customers more comprehensively. Our ultimate goal is to empower our clients to make a positive impact on both their businesses and their customers well-being.

6 

Table of Contents 

We have developed a Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA ), compliant repository of longitudinal de-identified patient health information in the United
 States. Our databases are updated weekly or monthly and include billions of de-identified patient events dating back to 2014 and represent the majority of the U.S. population. Our data factory processes, standardizes and integrates complex and
 disparate transactional data, such as medical, hospital and pharmacy claims, healthcare payer remittances, retail point of sale transactions and consumer demographics as well as social determinants of health. With deep domain knowledge, our team
 architected our technology platform to meet and exceed the strictest data privacy requirements in highly regulated industries. These integrated data are used to power multiple existing and in-development information products and services for
 customers across the healthcare industry.

Our products will assist our clients to better understand the value and efficacy of healthcare and emerging alternative therapeutics while providing critical business insights into our customers 
 products, services, customers and the dynamics of a rapidly changing marketplace.

Technology Information Products

Our information products provide a more complete patient treatment care pathways with comprehensive overviews of therapeutic interventions. By leveraging HIPAA-compliant processes, proprietary
 algorithms and technology, we have created a suite of information product offerings integrating data from siloed, disparate sources and platforms. This includes the intersection of traditional healthcare therapies with alternative therapeutics.
 We believe these offerings deliver unique and innovative key insights and value to our customers. We have contracted with multiple third-party data providers to license data that we believe is necessary to provide our information offerings. These
 agreements provide our clients solutions to drive clinical and commercial performance improvements. Our information products are largely subscription based, multiyear contracts providing solutions tailored to specific client needs to power
 innovative solutions for the healthcare market or used internally for commercial and clinical analytics. Information products are also purchased on a one-time basis as a custom report to meet a specific analytic need. These products typically
 provide normalized and aggregated market measures which our clients use to make investment, product, clinical, or other commercial decisions to maximize their return on investment.

In the creation of our information products, we leverage various deterministic and probabilistic matching techniques that work on hashed and encrypted data to both ensure accurate patient
 matching and enumeration while maintaining patient/customer privacy. As new patients/customers are constantly entering the system, this is not a moment-in-time function, but rather an ongoing process that needs to be carefully managed and
 continuously tested to ensure low rates of false positive and false negative matches.

Our technology products offered to the cannabis industry prior to the BioTrack Transaction included the BioTrack vertically integrated point of sale, manufacturing, delivery and cultivator software solution and the Cannalytics SaaS-based analytics solution. The BioTrack solution was first introduced in 2010 and is among the most tenured and largest commercial platforms in the cannabis
 industry, serving dispensaries, cultivators, manufacturers and distributors within 38 states and Puerto Rico as of the date of the BioTrack Transaction. The Cannalytics solution is a software-as-a-service that enables customers across the legal cannabis industry to better attract and retain customers, purchase,
 distribute and invest in products and understand marketplace dynamics that impact business performance. As a result of the BioTrack Transaction, we no longer offer these products.

7 

Table of Contents 

Services

We continue to develop RWE and data management solutions to assist customers seeking to understand the safety, efficacy, and therapeutics of traditional and emerging therapies. Our project-based
 RWE solutions are designed to enable the integration otherwise unconnected and disparate data to enable near real-time surveillance of adverse events and to study the clinical economic and social impacts of various therapeutic alternatives,
 including those derived from cannabinoids and psychedelics. These solutions will enable up to clinical-grade observational research to be conducted to evaluate the impact of emerging therapies on patient outcomes and as alternatives to existing
 therapies and will support:

the delivery of evidence-based insight into the safety and efficacy of ethical pharmaceuticals and emerging therapies to pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, caregivers, payers and patients with
 credible evidence to improve patient care and health outcomes;

the empowerment of regulators to more-granularly assess the safety, health, social and economic outcomes associated with all therapeutic options as the cannabis market scales and emerging therapies are
 adopted as mainstream therapeutic alternatives; and

the creation of new standards for product and treatment classification in emerging therapeutic markets where no existing or widely adopted standards exist today.

Our data management solutions will enable our customers to leverage their own proprietary data independently or integrated with our data assets. We have the ability to clean, standardize,
 normalize and integrate information in a privacy compliant way. We are further developing our proprietary reference data assets, ontologies and patient and customer masters, each to be used as the standard to which customer data can be mapped and
 standardized for analytic purposes. These cleansed data can be used as the foundation of our information products, RWE solutions, custom analytics and reporting, or provided back to our clients to be used within their own operational and
 analytics processes. Clients can leverage these services on a one time or repeatable basis depending on their specific needs.

As of the date of the BioTrack Transaction, the BioTrack seed-to-sale compliance traceability platform was used by 10 state regulatory agencies (including Puerto Rico) to manage the tracking and tracing of all cannabis products from cultivation to sale and 2 state
 regulatory agencies contract with BioTrack to manage cannabis patient registries. As legalization at the state level in the United States continues for both medical and expanding adult use, seed-to-sale tracking will be the foundational
 compliance tool used by governments to regulate the extensive legal cannabis market. The BioTrack State Traceability Enforcement Monitoring System includes all the components needed to ensure transparency and accountability throughout the entire cannabis supply chain while promoting public safety.
 The BioTrack State Traceability Enforcement Monitoring System 
 was included in the BioTrack Transaction, and as a result we no longer offer these services effective February 10, 2023.

Our Competitive Strengths

We believe our key competitive strengths include:

Flexible and scalable approach to privacy-focused analytics software and solutions. Our solutions are purpose-built to address the analytic needs of stakeholders
 across the patient journey. We can provide client-centric deliverables that address a specific need that may be satisfied with healthcare data, cannabis data or an integrated offering. Our technology and processes allow quick and accurate
 delivery, which differentiates our offerings.

Deep domain expertise. Our knowledge base in large transactional database platforms, commercial analytics, consumer and physician marketing, market access and
 healthcare economics and pharmacoeconomics in healthcare enables us to develop solutions that address the unique demands of the industries we serve. Through the incorporation of industry best practices into solutions that are curated for
 our stakeholders, our customers enjoy enhanced analytical solutions to drive their informed business decisions. Across various disciplines, our team has deep industry expertise in life sciences that translates into solutions by design
 that enable our clients to solve problems unique to their sector.

Diverse customer base. Our customer base extends across to a broad range of stakeholders within the healthcare industry carrying the mission to better understand
 and improve the patient journey. This diverse customer set offers us a uniquely informed point of view from each customer vantage point of how our solutions can best assist in optimizing performance. Our information services team is
 defined by the innovative spirit of allowing the problems our healthcare customers face to shape the solutions that are best for our customers.

8 

Table of Contents 

Large integrated longitudinal database and technology. Our data factory processes, integrates, deidentifies and standardizes
 medical, hospital and pharmacy claims datasets along with cannabis point of sale data, consumer behavior and demographic-level data and other datasets to produce a longitudinal database that encompass the vast majority of the U.S.
 population. We will continue to invest in and integrate unique data sources to further strengthen and differentiate our solutions.

Our Growth Strategies

We strive to improve our customers commercial and clinical business performance and in turn the efficiencies and safety of therapeutic products through our customers adoption of our information
 solutions. We intend to continue investing in commercial sales, research and development and our strategic partnerships. We believe that we are well positioned to achieve our growth objectives across multiple industry verticals. Key elements of
 our strategy include:

Innovate and advance our platform and services. We have a history of technological innovation, and plan to release new
 features and upgrades on a regular basis. We intend to continue making significant investments in all information products, reporting and analytics solutions, database architecture and data science talent to further differentiate our
 products and increase sales. In improving our ability to integrate with partners, we enable ourselves to capitalize on new data and services that add value to our customers and create further differentiation of our data assets and
 proprietary offerings.

Drive growth by acquiring new customers. We believe that nearly all organizations that discover, develop, produce and market healthcare products or services must
 embrace data driven analytics to compete effectively. As such, the opportunity to continue growing our customer base is significant.

Increase usage and upsell within our existing customer base. We plan to continue investing in sales and marketing, with a focus on cross selling additional
 information solutions to deliver more value to and expand our relationships with our customers, leading to scale and operating leverage for our business.

Leverage our products into new markets. Our information solutions provide innovative benefits to life science, payer and
 provider customers as well as consulting and service providers to these customers. We believe there is significant opportunity to deploy the use of linked cannabinoid data in adjacent industries, such as the legal cannabis and psychedelic
 markets as well as the financial services markets.

Expand our data and strategic partner network. Our information products are derived partly from data acquired from strategic
 data partners, including BioTrack. As part of our growth strategy, we may seek to acquire assets, data-driven products or companies that are synergistic with our business and add value to our data assets and offering sets.

Grow offerings through selective investments and acquisitions. We may seek out companies and opportunities that complement
 our core strengths and can help us expand our capabilities, reach and impact. Our approach is deliberate and strategic, ensuring that each investment or acquisition is thoroughly vetted and aligned with our long-term goals.

Our Technology Platform

Our unique software, data and analytics platforms are built upon scalable open source software running in the public cloud. This architecture allows us to capitalize on the security, reliability
 and scalability of mainstream cloud providers while building uniquely differentiated algorithms and data handling methodologies. Our use of elastic computing allows us to allocate computer clusters on-demand at scale to process terabytes of data
 in minutes. We are able to answer complex consumer behavior or life sciences questions quickly without having to maintain servers or pay for idle compute resources.

9 

Table of Contents 

Our event-driven data factory architecture ingests, cleans, anonymizes and transforms health, consumer and retail records as available rather than on a fixed schedule. As data updates are
 observed from disparate sources, they are propagated through all pipeline stages, ensuring customers have the latest data in near real time. Through the use of open-source technologies, our big data processing pipelines are streamlined and can
 more easily handle changes in data schema, data drift , and the updating and deleting of existing records compliant with policies such as HIPAA, the California Consumer Privacy Act and emerging state privacy regulations. Capabilities like
 time-travel enabled by Delta Lake storage formats allow for full versioning of all data over time so that we observe a record throughout its entire lifecycle. Our architecture natively supports schema evolution allowing for flexibility to
 bring in new fields of data as they become available as well as handle backward-compatible changes in data types over time.

Our proprietary solutions provide fully de-identified records in isolated clearinghouses using leading technologies paired with statistical certification by industry-vertical experts. Our
 solutions join records longitudinally over time, as well as across data sources. This allows for superior flexibility for analysis and use case development while maintaining security and mitigating reidentification risk.

We maintain System and Organization Controls (SOC 2) Type 2 and Privacy certifications across our platforms. We conduct our day-to-day operations in accordance with policies and procedures to
 mitigate risks associated with our trust policies including security, availability, processing integrity and confidentiality of our systems, products and services. The SOC 2 and Privacy programs are audited by an independent third party on an
 annual basis.

Competition

While the healthcare industry includes well-capitalized, experienced competitors, we believe our unique data assets, synergies, intellectual property and experienced leadership offer us
 competitive advantages. In general, our competitors include a variety of entities such as information and clinical analytics providers such as ICON plc, information and commercial analytics providers such as IQVIA, technology and services provers
 such as Veeva Systems, Inc. and Definitive Healthcare Corp. and client in-house developed technologies.

Government Regulation

Our information management services relate to the processing of information regarding de-identified patient diagnosis and treatment of disease and are, therefore, subject to substantial
 governmental regulation. In addition, the confidentiality of patient-specific information and the circumstances under which such patient-specific records may be released for inclusion in our databases or used in other aspects of our business is
 heavily regulated. Federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the possession, use and dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information and personal
 financial data, as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. Additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement additional security measures and processes or bring
 within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services.

In particular, personal health information is recognized in many countries and regions such as the United States, the European Union, or EU, and several countries in Asia, as a special, sensitive
 category of personal information, subject to additional mandatory protections. Violations of data protection regulations are subject to administrative penalties, civil money penalties and criminal prosecution, including corporate fines and
 personal liability.

Our technology processes, normalizes, standardizes, and integrates complex and disparate transactional data, such as medical, hospital and pharmacy claims data, retail point of sale transactions
 and consumer demographic data. We have developed our platform with strict, HIPAA-compliant privacy controls enabling linkages between the transactional data sources while maintaining patient, consumer, and customer privacy. All data are
 de-identified at the person level, enabling longitudinal, credible, evidence-based assessments relating to product safety, efficacy, and clinical outcomes as well as commercial analytics.

10 

Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property

In addition to our expansive data sets described above, we develop and use a number of proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies, software and other intellectual property in the
 conduct of our business. We rely upon a combination of legal, technical and administrative safeguards to protect our proprietary and confidential information and trade secrets, and patent, copyright and trademark laws to protect other
 intellectual property rights. We consider our trademark and related names, marks and logos to be of material importance to our business, and we have registered or applied for registration for certain of these trademarks in the United States and
 will aggressively seek to protect them. Trademarks and service marks generally may be renewed indefinitely so long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained, and so long as they have not been found to have become
 generic. The technology and other intellectual property rights owned and licensed by us are of importance to our business, although our management believes that our business, as a whole, is not dependent upon any one intellectual property or
 group of such properties.

Human Capital Resources

The foundation of our software, data and analytics solutions is our people, and the level of our success in helping our customers solve problems is a direct function of our commitment to our
 employees. Our intent is to continue to build a first-class organization premised on the importance of our contribution to customer success while remaining ever conscious of our responsibility to our employees and the communities in which we
 operate.

We are committed to equity and fairness in honoring our commitment to our employees. As set forth in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics , diversity
 across gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, experience and thought enhances our ability to support our customers, suppliers, partners and employees. In fostering a culture of inclusion, we enable each of us to
 present our authentic selves in our dealings with the people with whom we interact, and in so doing allow us to be more effective and impactful in the performance of our responsibilities. We embrace the opportunity to enable our customers to
 better serve their customers and continually seek to improve the value we bring, all while maintaining a critical balance between our employees work with colleagues and customers and their lives outside of Forian.

In order to prioritize the health and safety of our employees, following the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, we transitioned to remote work and continue to engage with and support
 our employees as they serve one another and our customers remotely.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 104 employees, 102 of whom were full time. As of March 27, 2023, after giving effect to the BioTrack Transaction, we had 39 employees, 38 of whom are full time.
 None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement or are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any organized work stoppages, and we consider the relationships with our employees to be positive.

Available Information

We make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports and other filings with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC through the investor relations section of our website at
 https://forian.com/investors/sec-filings. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC.

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information contained
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result,
 the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

11 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to our Business Operations

We have a limited operating and financial history.

We are in the development stage and face all of the risks and uncertainties associated with a new and unproven business. Our future is based on an unproven business plan with no historical facts
 to support projections and assumptions. We incorporated in October 2020 in anticipation of the Business Combination and had no operating history or revenues prior to their closing. We are faced with risks inherent in operating a new business,
 including difficulties often encountered in developing, producing and commercializing new technologies; developing the markets for our products and technologies; and attracting and retaining qualified management, sales and/or marketing and
 technical staff, in addition to the risks described below.

We may need additional capital to fund our operations.

We may require additional capital to fund our current operations and anticipated expansion of our business and to pursue targeted revenue opportunities. There is no assurance that additional
 capital to fund our operations can be raised. Additional capital may not be available, the terms of any such capital raising may be uncertain, and the terms of any prospective equity capital may not be acceptable. In addition, any future sale of
 equity securities would dilute the ownership and control of the then-current stockholders and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our shares currently trade or may trade. The inability to raise capital could require us to
 significantly curtail or terminate operations.

We could lose our access to data from external sources, which could prevent us from providing our solutions.

We depend upon data from external sources to create our information products. In general, we do not own the data that powers our information offerings. Our data sources could withdraw or increase
 the price for their data for a variety of reasons, and we could also become subject to legislative, judicial or contractual restrictions on the use of such data, in particular if such data are not collected by the third parties in a way that
 allows us to legally use and/or process the data. Additionally, the length of our licenses with our data suppliers and our ability to extend these licenses varies across suppliers, some of whom may offer similar products or services to certain
 categories of our customers and prospective customers. Our competitors could also enter into exclusive contracts with our data sources, which although atypical may preclude us from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restrict us in our
 use of such data, which would give our competitors an advantage. If a substantial number of data sources, or certain key sources, were to withdraw, limit or be unable to provide their data, or if we were to lose access to data due to government
 regulation or if the collection of data became uneconomical, our ability to provide our information solutions to our customers could be impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flows.

We may make additional acquisitions as a component of our growth strategy. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate
 acquisitions on acceptable terms, or we may be unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, which could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results.

A component of our growth strategy is to acquire complementary businesses in order to enhance the solutions we offer to our customers. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of
 complementary technologies, products, data sources and businesses as a component of our growth strategy. Acquisitions involve certain known and unknown risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations.
 For example, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to consummate acquisitions on acceptable terms; we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing, on favorable terms or at all, to finance any or all of our
 potential acquisitions; and acquired technologies, products or businesses may not perform as we expect and we may fail to realize anticipated revenue and profits. In addition, our acquisition strategy may divert management s attention away from
 our existing business, resulting in the loss of key customers or employees, and expose us to unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, including responsibility as a successor for undisclosed or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses or
 assets.

12 

Table of Contents 

If we fail to conduct due diligence on our potential targets effectively, for example, we may not identify problems at target companies or fail to recognize incompatibilities or other obstacles
 to successful integration. Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of those acquisitions and could severely weaken our business operations. The integration process may disrupt
 our business and, if new technologies, products or businesses are not implemented effectively, may preclude the realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results of operations. In addition, the overall integration of new
 technologies, products or businesses may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities and competitive responses.

Further, even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings or growth
 opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Further, acquisitions may cause us to issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders ownership percentage, use a
 substantial portion of our cash resources, experience volatility in earnings due to changes in contingent consideration related to acquisition earn-out liability estimates or become subject to litigation.

If we do not successfully develop and deploy new products and technologies to address the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations
 could suffer.

Our success is based on our ability to design information products that enable the integration of data into a common operating environment to facilitate advanced data analysis, knowledge
 management and collaboration. We are also heavily reliant on our information technology infrastructure, processes and procedures and will devote significant resources to ensuring we have competitive informational technology systems. Information
 technology changes rapidly, however, and we may not be able to stay ahead of such advances. If we are unable to introduce new or upgraded products, services or technology that users and collaborators recognize as valuable, we may fail to generate
 additional engagement on our platforms, attract and retain customers or monetize the activity on our platforms. We have spent substantial amounts of time and money researching and developing new technologies and enhanced versions of existing
 features to meet customers and potential customers rapidly evolving needs and our efforts to develop new and upgraded products, services or technology will require us to continue to incur significant costs. We cannot guarantee current or
 prospective users and customers will respond favorably to new or improved products, services or technology.

The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing offerings could make our platforms obsolete or adversely affect
 our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing that delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new platforms, features, or
 capabilities. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or claims by customers, any of which could harm our business. Moreover, the design and development of new platforms or new features and capabilities
 to existing platforms may require substantial investment, and there is no assurance that such investments will be successful. If customers do not widely adopt our new platforms, experiences, features, and capabilities, we may not be able to
 realize a return on our investment and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.

New and existing platforms and changes to existing platforms could fail to attain sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including:

the failure to predict market demand accurately in terms of product functionality and to supply offerings that meet this demand in a timely fashion;

product defects, errors or failures or our inability to satisfy customer service level requirements;

negative publicity or negative private statements about the security, performance or effectiveness of our platforms or product enhancements;

delays in releasing to the market new offerings or enhancements to existing offerings;

the introduction or anticipated introduction of competing platforms or functionalities by competitors;

the inability of our platforms or product enhancements to scale and perform to meet customer demands; and

13 

Table of Contents 

receiving qualified or adverse opinions in connection with security or penetration testing, certifications or audits, such as those related to IT controls and security standards and frameworks or
 compliance.

If we are not able to continue to identify challenges faced by our customers and develop, license or acquire new features and capabilities to our offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner,
 or if such enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may suffer and anticipated revenue growth may not be achieved.

Our business and operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.

The COVID-19 pandemic, and the various governmental, industry and consumer actions related thereto, had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations. These effects have included, and may include in the future, a negative impact on the availability of our key personnel, temporary closures of our offices or the facilities of our business partners, customers, suppliers,
 third party service providers or other vendors, an increased risk of customer defaults or delays in payments or purchasing decisions and the interruption of domestic and global supply chains, distribution channels, liquidity and capital or
 financial markets.

Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition as a result of its global
 economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change.

We depend on computing infrastructure operated by third parties to support some of our solutions and customers, and any errors, disruption, performance
 problems, or failure in their or our operational infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The software, internal applications and systems underlying our products and services are inherently complex and may contain defects or errors, particularly when first introduced or when new
 versions or enhancements are released. The development, expansion, operation and maintenance of our technology and network infrastructure is expensive and complex and requires significant internal and external resources. If we do not successfully
 develop, expand, operate or maintain our technology and network infrastructure, or if we experience operational failures, our reputation could be harmed, and we could lose current and prospective customers and service providers, which could
 adversely impact the business, financial condition or results of operations.

We rely on third parties for certain services made available to users of our platforms, which could limit our control over the quality of the user
 experience and our cost of providing services.

Our ability to generate revenue will be affected by the amount of time it takes to complete and enhance our platform. Additionally, there are multiple third-party vendors and service providers
 that must continue to provide us access to their application programming interfaces and operating systems, and we will rely on cooperation from third parties to integrate with their systems. Should third-party vendors, service providers and
 collaborators not perform as expected, cooperate with us or deliver their work as planned, we may not be able to release our products and services in a timely manner.

We utilize third-party software in our product and service offerings and expect to continue to do so. The correction of these errors and defects will be dependent on these third parties, so it
 may be difficult for us to correct them. Further, we cannot be certain that third-party licensors will continue to make their software available to us on acceptable terms, or invest the appropriate levels of resources in their software to
 maintain and enhance our capabilities or remain in business.

14 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and we may be subject to infringement claims.

Part of our success will depend on our ability to protect our proprietary rights in the technologies used in our products. We will consider trade secrets, including confidential and unpatented
 technology, important to the maintenance of our competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how are difficult to protect. Further, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we
 would have no right to prevent that competitor from using the technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be
 materially and adversely harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights adequately, our business could be harmed.

There has been substantial litigation in internet and software-related industries regarding patent, trademark and copyrights and other intellectual property rights and, from time to time, third
 parties may claim infringement by us of their intellectual property rights. If we were found to be infringing on the intellectual property rights of any third party, we could be subject to liabilities for such infringement, which could have a
 material adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, any such claims could distract management from conducting the business.

Real or perceived errors, failures, defects or bugs in our platforms, products or services could adversely affect our results of operations and growth
 prospects.

Because we offer very complex platforms, products and services, undetected errors, defects, failures or bugs may occur, especially when platforms or capabilities are first introduced or when new
 versions or other product or infrastructure updates are released. These platforms are often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, software products and equipment, and data source and network
 configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our platforms or may expose undetected errors, failures, or bugs in our platforms. The platforms often have different versions and updates based off of specific-state requirements. Despite
 testing, errors, failures, or bugs may not be found in new software or releases until after commencement of commercial shipments. Errors can also delay the development or release of new platforms or capabilities or new versions of platforms,
 adversely affect our reputation and our customers willingness to buy our platforms, and adversely affect market acceptance or perception of these platforms. Many customers use these platforms, products and services in applications that are
 critical to their businesses or missions and may have a lower risk tolerance to defects in our platforms, products and services than to defects in other, less critical, software products. Any errors or delays in releasing new software or new
 versions of platforms, products and services or allegations of unsatisfactory performance or errors, defects or failures in released software could cause us to lose revenue or market share, increase our service costs, result in substantial costs
 in redesigning the software, result in the loss of significant customers, subject us to liability for damages and divert company resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
 operations and financial condition. In addition, our platforms could be perceived to be ineffective for a variety of reasons outside of our control. Hackers or other malicious parties could circumvent our or customers security measures, and
 customers may misuse our platforms resulting in a security breach or perceived product failure.

Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our platforms, products and services, or dissatisfaction with those services or outcomes, could result in customer terminations and/or claims by
 customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct any such errors, failures, or bugs.

In a dynamic industry like ours, our success and growth depend on our ability to attract, recruit, retain and develop qualified employees.

Our business functions at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that require a wide-ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital.
 To continue to successfully compete and grow, we must attract, recruit, develop and retain the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of our intellectual capital needs. While we have a number of key
 personnel who have substantial experience with our operations, we must also develop our personnel to provide succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. The market for
 qualified personnel is competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. Our effort to retain and develop personnel may
 also result in significant additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. There can be no assurances that qualified employees will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in
 the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

15 

Table of Contents 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which, if not timely remediated, may
 adversely affect the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements and our reputation, business and stock price, as well as lead to a loss of investor confidence in us.

As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), requires that we furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment is required to include disclosure of any
 material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting until our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following the later of the date we are deemed to be an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer, each as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the Exchange Act ), or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012 JOBS Act ). If we have a material weakness in our internal control over
 financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated.

As described under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, and that we had, as of such date,
 material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to (i) the lack of segregation of duties over the cash, accounts payable, payroll, and financial reporting transaction classes; (ii) the lack of evidence of
 formalization surrounding internal controls and the financial close processes and (iii) the lack of properly designed general information technology controls surrounding logical access, change management, and vendor application management. A
 material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements
 would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

We intend to remediate these material weaknesses. While we believe the steps we take to remediate these material weaknesses will improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
 reporting and will remediate the identified deficiencies, if our remediation efforts are insufficient to address the material weaknesses or we identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future,
 our ability to analyze, record and report financial information accurately, to prepare our financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the SEC and to otherwise comply with our reporting obligations under the
 federal securities laws may be adversely affected. The occurrence of, or failure to remediate, these material weaknesses and any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may adversely affect the accuracy and
 reliability of our financial statements and have other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, we could become subject to
 investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.

If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our
 financial results, prevent fraud or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price.

We rely on financial reporting and data analytics that must be accurate in order to make real-time management decisions, accurately manage our cash position, and maintain adequate inventory
 levels while conserving adequate cash to fund operations. In the event of a systems failure, a process breakdown, the departure of key management or fraud, we would be unable to efficiently manage these items and may experience liquidity
 shortfalls that our cash position or revolving credit facility may not be able to accommodate. In such a situation, we also may not be able to accurately report our financial results, prevent fraud or file our periodic reports in a timely manner,
 which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price.

16 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to accurately forecast our operating results and growth rate, which may adversely affect our reported results and stock price.

We may not be able to accurately forecast our operating results and growth rate. We use a variety of factors in our forecasting and planning processes, including historical results, recent
 history and assessments of economic and market conditions. Our growth rates may not be sustainable, and our growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products we offer. Lower demand caused by changes in customer preferences, a
 weakening of the economy or other factors may result in decreased revenues or growth. Furthermore, many of our expenses and investments are fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected
 shortfall in our operating results. Failure to accurately forecast our operating results and growth rate could cause our actual results to be materially lower than anticipated. If our growth rate declines as a result, investors perceptions of
 our business may be adversely affected, and the market price of our common stock could decline.

Consolidation in the industries in which our customers operate may reduce the volume of services purchased by consolidated customers
 following an acquisition or merger, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.

Mergers or consolidations among our customers could in the future reduce the number of our customers and potential customers. When companies consolidate, overlapping services previously purchased
 separately are usually purchased only once by the combined entity, leading to loss of revenue. Other services that were previously purchased by one of the merged or consolidated entities may be deemed unnecessary or cancelled. If our customers
 merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. There can be no assurance as to the degree to which we may be able to address
 the revenue impact of such consolidation. Any of these developments could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial
 condition and results of operations.

Adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other third parties, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in
 the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit
 Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. The Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC released a statement that
 indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts. We have no borrowing or deposit exposure to SVB, Signature or Silvergate and
 have not experienced any adverse impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations, financial condition or results of operations as a result of these recent events. However, uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in
 the broader financial services industry, and there may be additional impacts to our business and our industry that we cannot predict at this time. Additionally, certain of our data suppliers or customers could be adversely affected by any of the
 liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing
 credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution.

Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters

Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology
 protection and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm
 our business.

17 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to a variety of local, state, national and international laws and directives and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including
 privacy and data protection, data security, data storage, retention, transfer and deletion, technology protection and personal information. Foreign data protection, data security, privacy and other laws and regulations can impose different
 obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which, depending on the regime, may be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving
 and can be subject to significant change, and they are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In addition, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted
 and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. A number of proposals are pending before U.S. federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies that could significantly
 affect our business.

The overarching complexity of privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world pose a compliance challenge that could manifest in costs, damages or liability in other forms as a
 result of failure to implement proper programmatic controls, failure to adhere to those controls or the malicious or inadvertent breach of applicable privacy and data protection requirements by us, our employees, our business partners or our
 customers.

In addition to government regulation, self-regulatory standards and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, be argued to apply to us, or we may elect to comply with
 such standards or to facilitate our customers compliance with such standards. Because privacy, data protection and information security are critical competitive factors in our industry, we may make statements on our website, in marketing
 materials or in other settings about our data security measures and our compliance with, or our ability to facilitate our customers compliance with, these standards. We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations
 concerning privacy, data protection and information security and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards, or amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards, or other
 obligations may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and regulations, industry standards and contractual and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business
 operations. As these legal regimes relating to privacy, data protection and information security continue to evolve, they may result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Furthermore, because the
 interpretation and application of laws, standards contractual obligations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection and information security are uncertain, these laws, standards and contractual and other obligations may be
 interpreted and applied in a manner that is, or is alleged to be, inconsistent with our data management practices, our policies or procedures or the features of our solutions. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other
 claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially
 reasonable manner or at all and our ability to fulfill existing obligations, make enhancements or develop new solutions and features could be limited. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations
 and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our solutions.

These existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can make our solutions and services less effective or valuable, delay or impede the development of new products,
 result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, require us to modify our data handling practices, limit our operations, impose substantial fines and penalties, require significant management time and attention, or put our data or
 technology at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our solutions to comply with U.S. or applicable foreign laws, regulations, directives, policies, industry standards or legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection or
 information security, or any security incident that results in loss of or the unauthorized access to, or acquisition, use, release, or transfer of, personal information, personal data, or other customer or sensitive data sensitive data or
 information, may result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions and prosecutions, private claims and litigation, indemnification or other contractual obligations, other remedies, including fines or demands that we modify or
 cease existing business practices, or adverse publicity, and related costs and liabilities, which could significantly and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

18 

Table of Contents 

Privacy regulation is an evolving area and compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs or adversely impact our ability
 to service our customers and market our products and services.

Federal and state governments and agencies have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of data. It is possible that these laws may
 be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices, which could cause us to incur additional cost. Moreover, complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our
 business practices in a manner adverse to the business.

We intend to meet or exceed all applicable regulatory requirements; however, the work of our internal resources in conjunction with third party services may result in the failure to achieve or
 maintain compliance with such requirements, and our third-party services suppliers might decide to modify or discontinue their services without adequate notice and this might cause additional expense in arranging new services and could harm our
 reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative proposals concerning privacy and data protection. Federal and state governments and agencies have adopted, or are
 considering adopting, laws and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of data. As our business expands, it may become subject to laws of additional jurisdictions, domestic and foreign. It is possible that these laws may be
 interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, any increase in the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, applicable legislative and regulatory
 initiatives may limit our ability to collect, aggregate or use data. Moreover, complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.

If we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to
 significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed.

We maintain and process a large amount of data. This data is often accessed through transmissions over public and private networks, including the internet. Despite our physical security measures,
 implementation of technical controls and contractual precautions designed to identify, detect and prevent the unauthorized access, alteration, use or disclosure of our data, there is no guarantee that these measures or any other measures can
 provide absolute security. Systems that access or control access to our services and databases may be compromised as a result of criminal activity, including cyber-attacks and other intentional business disruptions, negligence or otherwise.
 Unauthorized disclosure or use, or loss or corruption, of our data or inability of our users to access our systems could disrupt the operations, subject us to substantial legal liability, result in a material loss of business, cause us to incur
 significant cost and significantly harm our reputation.

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock

The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and holders of our common stock could lose a significant portion of their investment due to drops in
 the market price of our common stock.

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and stockholders may not be able to resell their Forian common stock at or above the price at which they are deemed to have acquired the
 Forian common stock pursuant to the Business Combination or otherwise due to fluctuations in our market price, including changes in price caused by factors unrelated to our operating performance or prospects.

Specific factors that may have a significant effect on the market price for the combined company s common stock include, among others, the following:

changes in stock market analyst recommendations or earnings estimates regarding our common stock, other companies comparable to us or companies in the industries we serve;

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or future prospects;

reaction to our public announcements;

19 

Table of Contents 

strategic actions taken by us or our competitors, such as any contemplated business separation, acquisitions or restructurings;

adverse conditions in the financial market or general U.S. or international economic conditions, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism and responses to such events; and

sales of common stock by us, members of our management team or significant stockholders.

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock, so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock.

We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the
 foreseeable future. In addition, we may enter into agreements that prohibit us from paying cash dividends without prior written consent from our contracting parties, or which other terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be
 declared or paid on our common stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock, which may never occur.

The directors and management of Forian will own a significant percentage of our common stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters
 subject to stockholder approval.

Our directors and officers beneficially own approximately 43 of our outstanding common stock. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example,
 these stockholders may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition
 proposals or offers for Forian common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. The interests of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholders and
 they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders, including seeking a premium value for their common stock, and might affect the prevailing market price for our common stock.

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies
 or product candidates.

We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that
 we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The
 incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license
 intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third
 parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market could cause our stock price to fall.

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline.

20 

Table of Contents 

Our bylaws contain forum limitations for certain disputes between us and our stockholders that could limit the ability of stockholders to bring claims
 against us or our directors, officers and employees in jurisdictions preferred by stockholders.

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any
 derivative lawsuit brought on our behalf, (ii) any lawsuit against our current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents asserting a breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any such current or former
 director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent to us or our stockholders, (iii) any lawsuit asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent arising out of or relating to any
 provision of the DGCL, our charter or bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any lawsuit asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents governed by the internal
 affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. The foregoing forum provisions do not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have
 exclusive jurisdiction. Our bylaws also provide that, unless Forian consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of
 any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The foregoing forum provisions may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to file a lawsuit in a judicial forum that it prefers for disputes with us or our directors,
 officers, employees, stockholders or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits, make them more difficult or expensive to pursue, and result in outcomes that are less favorable to such stockholders than outcomes that may have been attainable in
 other jurisdictions, although though stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.

There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act because Section 22 of the
 Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act claims.

In addition, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing forum provisions in the bylaws, courts may find the foregoing forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in certain cases
 that the foregoing forum provisions purport to address, including claims brought under the Securities Act. If this were to occur in any particular lawsuit, Forian may incur additional costs associated with resolving such lawsuit in other
 jurisdictions or resolving lawsuits involving similar claims in multiple jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging
 growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
 golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)
 the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Business Combination, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
 filer, which requires the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates to exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior
 three-year period.

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to not
 opt out of this exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards at the time private companies adopt the new or revised accounting standard and will do so until
 such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company.

21 

Table of Contents 

Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of many of the same
 exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a
 result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

We may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation.

Historically, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. If we were to be sued, it could result in
 substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

Our headquarters are in Newtown, Pennsylvania. We currently lease additional office space in Boston, Massachusetts. As of the closing of the BioTrack Transaction, we no longer lease office spaces
 in Florida, Colorado or Washington. We believe our currently leased space is sufficient to meet our current needs, and that any additional space we may require will be available on commercially reasonable terms.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

From time to time we may be involved in claims that arise during the ordinary course of business. For any matters where management currently believes it is probable that the Company will incur a
 loss and that the probable loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company records reserves in the consolidated financial statements based on our best estimate of such loss. In other instances, because of the uncertainties related
 to either the probable outcome or the amount or range of loss, management is unable to make a reasonable estimate of a liability, if any. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly and time consuming, and it can divert management s
 attention from important business matters and initiatives, negatively impacting our overall operations. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently have any pending litigation to which we
 are a party or to which our property is subject that we believe to be material, except for the below.

Audet v. Green Tree International, et. al.

On February 14, 2020, John Audet filed a complaint in 15th Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida against multiple parties, including Green Tree International GTI ), an indirect
 subsidiary of the Company, claiming that he owned 10 of GTI. The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages equivalent to the value a 10 shareholder of GTI would have received in the subsequent Helix and Forian transactions, along with an
 equitable accounting and constructive trust to determine if Audet suffered any loss of profit distributions. The case is in the process of discovery and trial is scheduled for June 2023. Each of the parties motions for summary judgment were
 denied. The Company believes the lawsuit is wholly without merit and intends to defend vigorously against the claims in the lawsuit.

22 

Table of Contents 

Grant Whitus et al. v. Forian Inc., Zachary Venegas and Scott Ogur

On July 30, 2021, four former Helix employees filed a lawsuit in the Arapahoe County, Colorado District Court against the Company and Helix s former managers asserting claims of breach of
 contract, promissory estoppel, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, civil theft and conversion, fraudulent misrepresentation, civil conspiracy, and unjust enrichment/quantum meruit, all relating to the plaintiffs claims that
 they were promised equity interest in Helix or compensation that they never received. The original complaint was never served, and in November 2021, the plaintiffs filed and served an amended complaint adding a fifth plaintiff and seeking over
 27.5 million in damages as well as attorneys fees and costs. The Company removed the matter to the United States District Court for the District of Colorado in December 2021, and both the Company and the individual defendants filed motions to
 dismiss on January 20, 2022. Plaintiffs subsequently amended their complaint on April 21, 2022, adding Helix TCS LLC and Helix Technologies, Inc. as defendants and advancing additional claims for breach of fiduciary duty and violation of the
 Colorado Wage Claims Act. The Company and the individual defendants filed separate motions to dismiss on June 1, 2022, which were granted in part and denied in part by the Court on February 28, 2023. Plaintiffs supplemented their complaint on
 March 3, 2023 consistent with the Court s prior ruling. Written discovery is nearing completion. The Company believes the lawsuit is wholly without merit and intends to defend vigorously against the claims in the lawsuit.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosure

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq under the symbol FORA .

Holders of Record

As of March 23, 2023, there were approximately 314 holders of record of shares of our common stock. This number does not reflect the beneficial holders of our common stock who hold shares in
 street name through brokerage accounts or other nominees.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth
 and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Cautionary Statement for Forward-Looking Information

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes
 appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under Cautionary Statement About
 Forward-Looking Statements. Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to
 those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - Risk Factors. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

23 

Table of Contents 

Overview

The Company was founded on October 15, 2020 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC MOR ), which was founded on May 6, 2019, in connection with the business
 combination transactions described below. On October 16, 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Helix Technologies, Inc. Helix and MOR, pursuant to which DNA Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 Merger Sub ), merged with and into Helix, with Helix surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). On March 2, 2021, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with the equity holders of MOR, pursuant to
 which the equity holders of MOR contributed their interests in MOR to the Company in exchange for shares of Company common stock (the Contribution and together with the Merger, the Business Combination ). Following consummation of the Business
 Combination on March 2, 2021, the Company became the parent company of both Helix and MOR.

The Company provides innovative software and information solutions and proprietary predictive analytics to optimize the operational, clinical and financial performance of its customers within the
 healthcare and cannabis industries. The Company s mission is to provide its customers with the best-in-class critical technology services that enables its customers to operate their businesses more safely, efficiently and profitably and to serve
 its customers and its customers stakeholders and constituencies more comprehensively. The Company represents the unique convergence of healthcare and consumer data, innovative data management capabilities and intelligent data science with a
 leading cannabis technology platform yielding the combined power to drive innovation and transparency across the industries it serves.

Our analytics solutions sit atop a massive and perpetually growing expanse of large-scale data assets. Through Forian, we provide innovative commercial, Real World Evidence and market access
 solutions, and proprietary data-driven insights to optimize the operational, clinical and financial performance of our customers, primarily in the healthcare vertical. Helix, primarily through BioTrack, provides traceability and point of sale
 technology, analytics solutions and other products to government and businesses within the cannabis industry.

On February 10, 2023, Helix completed the sale of 100 of the outstanding capital stock of its wholly owned subsidiary, Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc., a Florida corporation BioTrack ), to BT
 Assets Group Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleaves Inc., a Delaware corporation (the BioTrack Transaction ). As a result of the BioTrack Transaction, as of February 10, 2023, the Company no longer provides
 software solutions to the cannabis industry. The Company will continue to provide analytics solutions to customers in the healthcare and other industries. For further discussion on the BioTrack Transaction refer to Note 20 Subsequent Events 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Financial Operations Overview

The following discussion sets forth certain components of our statements of operations as well as factors that impact those items.

Revenues

Revenues are derived from Information and Software products, Services and Other. Information and Software revenues are generated from licensing fees for our proprietary information and software
 products. The Company recognizes revenues from Information and Software products as performance obligations under customer contracts are satisfied. Services revenues are primarily from contracts with government agencies and revenue is recognized
 upon completion of the various milestones within the contract. Other revenues are primarily from security monitoring services offerings and the provision of web marketing services. Contracts for these services have a stated transaction price for
 monthly services and are recognized as the services are provided.

Cost of Revenues

Cost of revenues is generated from direct costs associated with the delivery of our products and services to our customers. The cost of revenues relates primarily to labor costs, hosting and
 infrastructure costs and client service team costs. We record the cost of direct fulfillment as cost of revenues. Infrastructure and licensed data costs, which are shared across all projects or groups of projects, are not charged to cost of
 revenues and included in research and development.

24 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development

Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, subcontractor and third-party consulting fees, data fees, and hosted infrastructure costs. We continue to focus
 our research and development efforts on adding new features and applications to our product offerings. Once our prototypes are proven, we begin to capitalize costs that qualify with the associated development rather than recording those costs as
 research and development.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expense is primarily salaries and related expenses, including commissions, for our sales, marketing and product management staff. Marketing program costs are also recorded as
 sales and marketing expense including advertising, market research, and events (such as trade shows, corporate communications, brand building, etc.). The Company plans to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our selling and
 marketing staff, building brand awareness, attracting new clients and sponsoring additional marketing events. The timing of these marketing events will affect our marketing costs in any particular quarter.

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses include salaries and benefits and other costs of departments serving administrative functions, such as executives, finance and accounting and human resources.
 In addition, general and administrative expense includes non-personnel costs, such as professional fees, legal fees, accounting and finance advisory fees and other supporting corporate expenses not allocated to cost of revenues, product and
 development or sales and marketing.

Depreciation and Amortization Expenses

Depreciation and Amortization relate to long lived assets used in our business. Depreciation expense relates primarily to furniture and equipment, computers and vehicles. Amortization expense
 relates primarily to identifiable intangibles of acquired companies.

Transaction Related Expenses

Transaction related expenses relate to the acquisition of Helix on March 2, 2021 and include professional, legal, accounting and finance advisory fees and other direct expenses.

25 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

The following table summarizes our condensed results of operations for the periods indicated:

For the Years Ended,

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Revenues

28,005,857 

16,879,715 

Costs and Expenses

Cost of Revenues

6,874,315

4,717,175

Research and development

12,347,637

8,975,745

Sales and marketing

5,870,794

4,142,190

General and administrative

20,529,373

23,464,267

Separation expenses

5,611,857

Gain on sale of businesses, net

(32,931

Depreciation and amortization

2,892,543

1,986,816

Transaction related expenses

1,210,279

Loss from operations

(26,087,731 

(27,616,757 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Revenues

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 28,005,857, which represented an increase of 11,126,142 compared to total revenue of 16,879,715 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 increase is primarily due to a 9,296,297, or 130 , increase in revenues from the Company s healthcare information products. The remaining increase is due to the inclusion of revenues from the Helix acquisition since March 2, 2021. These amounts
 are partially offset by a decline in Other revenues resulting from the disposition of a non-core security monitoring business in the first quarter of 2022, and the marketing business our former Engeni SA subsidiary in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Cost of Revenues

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 6,874,315, which represented an increase of 2,157,140 compared to total cost of revenues of 4,717,175 for the year ended December 31,
 2021. The increase is due to higher cost of revenues from the Company s information products and increased support costs related to sales of software subscriptions.

Research and Development

Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 12,347,637, which represented an increase of 3,371,892 compared to total research and development expenses of
 8,975,745 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to higher personnel, subcontracted labor, data licensing and processing expenses related to new product development.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5,870,794, which represented an increase of 1,728,604 compared to total sales and marketing expenses of 4,142,190 for the
 year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to higher salary, commission and expenses related to scaling the Company s products.

26 

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 20,529,373, which represented a decrease of 2,934,894 compared to general and administrative expenses of
 23,464,267 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease of 1,791,710 in stock-based compensation expenses related to the departure of the former chief executive officer and the former chief financial officer
 of Helix, who were advisors to the Company through March 2, 2022, which decrease was partially offset by increased expenses related to grants to employees.

Separation Expenses

Separation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5,611,857, consisting of 194,814 of severance expenses related to the transfer of development activities from our former Engeni SA
 subsidiary, and 5,417,043 related to the continued vesting of stock options through March 2, 2023 related to the separation of two advisors to the Company, in accordance with the terms of their original advisory agreements. The advisors were the
 former chief executive officer and the former chief financial officer of Helix who were granted stock options pursuant to their respective advisory agreements that were entered into upon the completion of the Helix acquisition. The Company and
 the advisors mutually agreed not to renew the advisory agreements. The services provided by these advisors included transition planning and consulting services related to the integration of the business operations of Helix and Forian. Per the
 terms of the agreements, options to purchase 366,166 shares of common stock will continue to vest according to their original terms through March 2, 2023, and unvested stock options to purchase 732,332 shares of common stock were forfeited. The
 advisors are not required to perform services to the Company beyond the non-renewal date of March 2, 2022. As a result, the Company recorded 5,417,043 of stock compensation expenses related to the options that vested over the twelve months ended
 March 2, 2023 during March 2022.

The Company records normal course of business severance expenses in the operating expense line item related to the employee s activities.

Gain on Sale of Businesses, Net

Gain on sale of businesses, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 32,931. On March 3, 2022, the Company sold certain assets, consisting of customer contracts, accounts receivable, and
 other property related to our security monitoring services, for 225,575 resulting in a gain of 202,159, which is included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. On October 31, 2022, the Company sold 100 of its
 equity interest in Engeni, LLC for a note with payments of up to 100,000 if certain conditions are met. The Company has not recognized any value in connection with the note consideration because, as of the reporting date, it is not probable that
 any such conditions will be met. The sale resulted in a loss of 169,228, which is included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

Transaction Related Expenses

Transaction related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0, which represented a decrease of 1,210,279 compared to transaction related expenses of 1,210,279 for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. These expenses related to the acquisition of Helix, which was completed on March 2, 2021.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K we have provided a non-GAAP measure, which we define as financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles U.S. GAAP ). The non-GAAP financial measure provided herein is earnings before interest, taxes, non-cash and other items Adjusted EBITDA ), which should be viewed as supplemental to, and not as an alternative for, net income or
 loss calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP (referred to below as net loss ).

Adjusted EBITDA is used by our management as an additional measure of our Company s performance for purposes of business decision-making, including developing budgets, managing expenditures and
 evaluating potential acquisitions or divestitures. Period-to-period comparisons of Adjusted EBITDA help our management identify additional trends in our Company s financial results that may not be shown solely by period-to-period comparisons of
 net income. In addition, we may use Adjusted EBITDA in the incentive compensation programs applicable to some of our employees in order to evaluate our Company s performance. Our management recognizes that Adjusted EBITDA has inherent limitations
 because of the excluded items, particularly those items that are recurring in nature. In order to compensate for those limitations, management also reviews the specific items that are excluded from Adjusted EBITDA, but included in net income, as
 well as trends in those items contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

27 

Table of Contents 

We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in their analysis of our results for reasons similar to the reasons why our management finds it useful and because it
 helps facilitate investor understanding of decisions made by management in light of the performance metrics used in making those decisions. In addition, as more fully described below, we believe that providing Adjusted EBITDA, together with a
 reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA, helps investors make comparisons between our Company and other companies that may have different capital structures, different effective income tax rates and tax attributes, different capitalized
 asset values and/or different forms of employee compensation. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not intended as a substitute for comparisons based on net loss. In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use
 different non-GAAP measures to evaluate their financial performance. Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition being used and to the reconciliation between such measures and the corresponding U.S. GAAP measures provided by
 each company under applicable SEC rules.

The following is an explanation of the items excluded by us from Adjusted EBITDA but included in net loss:

Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense is a
 non-cash expense relating to capital expenditures and intangible assets arising from acquisitions that are expensed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the related assets. We exclude depreciation and amortization
 expense from Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that (i) the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations and (ii) such expenses can vary
 significantly between periods as a result of new acquisitions and full amortization of previously acquired tangible and intangible assets. Accordingly, we believe that this exclusion assists management and investors in making
 period-to-period comparisons of operating performance. Investors should note that the use of tangible and intangible assets contributed to revenue in the periods presented and will contribute to future revenue generation and should also
 note that such expense will recur in future periods. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense. Stock-based compensation expense is a non-cash
 expense arising from the grant of stock-based awards to employees. We believe that excluding the effect of stock-based compensation from Adjusted EBITDA assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons in our
 Company s operating performance because (i) the amount of such expenses in any specific period may not directly correlate to the underlying performance of our business operations and (ii) such expenses can vary significantly between
 periods as a result of the timing of grants of new stock-based awards, including grants in connection with acquisitions. Stock-based compensation expense includes certain separation expenses related to the vesting of stock options. On
 March 2, 2022, we and the former chief executive officer and the former chief financial officer of Helix mutually agreed not to renew special advisor agreements. Per the terms of the agreements, options to purchase 366,166 shares of
 common stock will continue to vest according to their original terms through March 2, 2023, and unvested stock options to purchase 732,332 shares of common stock were forfeited. The advisors are not required to perform services to the
 Company beyond the non-renewal date of March 2, 2022. As a result, we recorded 5,417,043 of stock compensation expenses during March 2022 related to the options that will vest over the twelve months ending March 2, 2023. We believe
 that excluding stock-based compensation from Adjusted EBITDA assists management and investors in making meaningful comparisons between our Company s operating performance and the operating performance of other companies that may use
 different forms of employee compensation or different valuation methodologies for their stock-based compensation. Investors should note that stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to employees whose efforts contributed to
 the operating results in the periods presented and are expected to contribute to operating results in future periods. Investors should also note that such expenses will recur in the future. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense. Interest expense is associated with the convertible notes entered into on September 1, 2021 in the amount of 24,000,000 (the
 Notes ). The Notes are due on September 1, 2025 and accrue interest at an annual rate of 3.5 . We exclude interest expense from Adjusted EBITDA (i) because it is not directly attributable to the performance of our business operations
 and, accordingly, its exclusion assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating performance and (ii) to assist management and investors in making comparisons to companies with different capital
 structures. Investors should note that interest expense associated with the Notes will recur in future periods.

Investment Income. Investment income is associated with the level of marketable debt securities and other interest-bearing accounts in which we
 invest. Interest and investment income can vary over time due to a variety of financing transactions, changes in interest rates, cash used to fund operations and capital expenditures and acquisitions that we have entered into or may enter
 into in the future. We exclude interest and investment income from Adjusted EBITDA (i) because these items are not directly attributable to the performance of our business operations and, accordingly, their exclusion assists management
 and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating performance and (ii) to assist management and investors in making comparisons to companies with different capital structures. Investors should note that interest income
 will recur in future periods.

Foreign Currency Related (Gains) Losses, net. Foreign currency related (gains) losses, net result from foreign currency transactions and
 translation (gains) losses related to our former Engeni SA subsidiary. We exclude foreign currency related (gains) losses, net from Adjusted EBITDA (i) because these items are not directly attributable to the performance of our business
 operations and, accordingly, their exclusion assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating performance and (ii) to assist management and investors in making comparisons to companies with different
 capital structures.

Other Items. We engage in other activities and transactions that can impact our
 net loss. In the periods being reported, these other items included (i) change in fair value of warrant liability which related to warrants assumed in the acquisition of Helix; (ii) transaction related expenses which consist of
 professional fees and other expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of Helix; and (iii) other income which consists of profits on marketable security investments. We exclude these other items from Adjusted EBITDA because we
 believe these activities or transactions are not directly attributable to the performance of our business operations and, accordingly, their exclusion assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating
 performance. Investors should note that some of these other items may recur in future periods. 

Gain on sale of businesses, net. On March 3, 2022, we sold certain assets,
 consisting of customer contracts, accounts receivable, and other property related to our security monitoring services for 225,575 resulting in a gain of 202,159, which is included in operating expenses in the condensed consolidated
 statements of operations. On October 31, 2022, we sold 100 of our equity interest in Engeni, LLC for a note with payments of up to 100,000 if certain conditions are met. The Company has not recognized any value in connection with the
 note consideration because, as of the reporting date, it is not probable that any such conditions will be met. The sale resulted in a loss of 169,228, which is included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of
 operations. 

Severance expenses. During March 2022, we transferred certain development activities from our former Engeni SA subsidiary to outsourced
 development facilities. As a result, we incurred 194,814 in severance and related costs which were recorded as a charge to operating expenses in 2022. We exclude these other items from Adjusted EBITDA because we believe these costs are
 not recurring and not directly attributable to the performance of our business operations and, accordingly, their exclusion assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating performance. In addition, the
 Company incurred approximately 206,770 of normal course of business severance expense included in operating expenses as part of its operations.

29 

Table of Contents 

Income tax expense. MOR was organized as a limited liability company until the
 completion of the Helix acquisition. As a result, we were treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes through March 2, 2021, and our taxable income and losses are reported by our members on their individual tax
 returns for such period. Therefore, we did not record any income tax expense or benefit through March 2, 2021. We incurred a net loss for financial reporting and income tax reporting purposes for this year. Accordingly, any benefit for
 federal and state income taxes benefit has been entirely offset by a valuation allowance against the related deferred tax net assets. We exclude the income tax expense from Adjusted EBITDA (i) because we believe that the income tax
 expense is not directly attributable to the underlying performance of our business operations and, accordingly, its exclusion assists management and investors in making period-to-period comparisons of operating performance and (ii) to
 assist management and investors in making comparisons to companies with different tax attributes. 

Limitations on the use of non-GAAP financial measures

There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures because non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP financial measures
 provided by other companies.

The non-GAAP financial measures are limited in value because they exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. In addition, they are subject to
 inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which items are adjusted to calculate our non-GAAP financial measures. We compensate for these limitations by analyzing current and future results on a U.S. GAAP
 basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also by providing U.S. GAAP measures in our public disclosures.

Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We encourage investors and others to
 review our financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business and to view our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures.

The following table reconciles the specific items excluded from U.S. GAAP metrics in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA for the periods shown below:

For the Years Ended 
 December 31,

2022

2021

Revenues:

Information and Software

26,185,945 

14,952,247 

Services

1,545,656

1,122,528

Other

274,256

804,940

Total revenues

28,005,857 

16,879,715 

Net loss

(25,971,971 

(26,551,105 

Depreciation and amortization

2,892,543

1,986,816

Stock based compensation expense

13,310,588

9,300,443

Change in fair value of warrant liability

(364,687

(878,481

Transaction related expenses

1,210,279

Interest and investment (income) expense, net

606,203

315,570

Foreign currency related (gains) losses, net

(381,256

(525,252

Gain on sale of businesses, net

(32,931

Severance expense

194,814

Income tax expense

23,980

22,511

Adjusted EBITDA

(9,722,717 

(15,119,219 

Year Ended December 31, 2022

30 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a loss of 9,722,717 compared to a loss of 15,119,219 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 5,396,502. The decrease is
 primarily due to higher revenues, partially offset by increased investments in product development, customer service, infrastructure and sales expenses.

Revenues

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 28,005,857 compared to pro forma revenues of 18,888,627 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which reflects revenues as if the acquisition of
 Helix had occurred on January 1, 2021. The increase in pro forma revenue of 9,117,230 is primarily due to increased sales of healthcare information products, partially offset by declines in other revenues resulting from the sale of the security
 monitoring business. Helix pre-acquisition revenues during the year ended December 31, 2021 were 2,008,912.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Since the Company s inception in 2020, most of the Company s resources have been devoted to scaling our research and development, sales and marketing, and management infrastructure. The Company s
 operations have been financed primarily from the cash proceeds received from equity issuances and the issuance of the Notes. The Company expects to continue to fund our operations and potential future acquisitions through a combination of cash
 flow generated from operating activities, debt financing, and/or additional equity issuances. To date, the Company has not generated sufficient revenues from the licensing of information products and software products to fund all of our operating
 expenses and as a result the Company has incurred losses and generated negative cash flows from operations since inception. On April 12, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain accredited investors and certain
 of the Company s directors, pursuant to which the Company issued 1,191,743 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of 12,000,000. On September 1, 2021, the Company raised proceeds of 24 million through the sale of the Notes. As of
 December 31, 2022, the Company s principal source of liquidity was aggregate cash and marketable securities of 20,716,385.

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes selected information about our sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the periods presented:

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Net cash used in operating activities

(8,775,565 

(17,249,262 

Net cash used in investing activities

(6,461,045

(1,025,155

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(100,528

36,281,043

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash

(6,769

(8,284

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

(15,343,907 

17,998,342 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities decreased by 8,473,697 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result a decreased
 Adjusted EBITDA loss, partially offset by changes in deferred revenue, accounts payable, and other working capital accounts related to the timing of cash flows from operations.

31 

Table of Contents 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities of 6,461,045 increased by 5,435,890 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in investing activities of 1,025,155 for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. This is primarily the result of an increase in net purchases of marketable securities of 4,731,683 as well as additions to property and equipment of 268,413, which was primarily related to capitalized software development
 costs.

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities of 100,528 for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 36,381,571 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 36,281,043 for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily related to a reduction in cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock and the issuance of the Notes.

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates

Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe
 that several accounting policies are important to understanding our historical and future performance. We refer to these policies as critical because these specific areas generally require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are
 uncertain at the time we make the estimate, and different estimates which also would have been reasonable could have been used. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience and
 other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
 apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 Summary of Significant
 Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 

An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if
 different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more
 significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.

Revenue recognition . We recognize revenue in accordance with Topic 606. For a full description of our revenue
 recognition accounting policy, see Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part
 II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. We generate revenues from license fees, subscriptions, and services. 

Business combinations. We allocate the fair value of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including trademarks, customer relationships, and acquired software and technology, based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. The purchase
 price allocation requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, with respect to intangible assets and deferred revenue obligations.

Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired
 companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to:

future expected cash flows from sales, maintenance agreements, and acquired developed technologies;

the acquired company s trade name and customer relationships as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name and customer relationships will continue to be used in our product
 portfolio;

32 

Table of Contents 

expected costs to develop the in-process research and development into commercially viable software and estimated cash flows from the projects when completed; and

discount rates used to determine the present value of estimated future cash flows.

These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities
 differently from the allocation that we have made. In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and, if such events occur, we may be required to recognize a loss in
 the consolidated statement of operations due to an overestimation of the value ascribed to an acquired asset or an increase in the amounts recorded for assumed liabilities.

Goodwill and other intangible assets . Intangible assets arise from acquisitions and
 principally consist of goodwill, trademarks, customer relationships, and acquired software and technology. Intangible assets, other than goodwill, are amortized on a
 straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to eight years. 

Goodwill consists of the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations. Goodwill is not amortized. Instead, it is tested annually for impairment, or more
 frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce its fair value below its carrying amount. All goodwill is reported in the Information and Software reporting unit.

In testing for goodwill impairment, we may first qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that a goodwill impairment exists. If it is
 determined that a quantitative assessment is required, we will recognize goodwill impairment as the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value, but not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill within the
 reporting unit. Based upon our most recent annual impairment assessment, there were no indicators of impairment, and no impairment losses were recorded.

Capitalized Software Development Costs. We capitalize certain costs related to the development and enhancement of computer software. In accordance with
 authoritative guidance, we begin to capitalize these costs when preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed project funding, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the
 software would be used as intended. Such costs are amortized when the software is ready for its intended use, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the related asset, generally estimated to be three years. Costs incurred
 prior to meeting these criteria together are expensed as incurred and recorded in product development expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. The accounting for website and internal-use software costs requires us to make
 significant judgement, assumptions and estimates related to the timing and amount of recognized capitalized software development costs. We capitalized software development costs of 1,624,991 and 1,360,836 during the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In October 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2021-08, Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers
 ASU 2021-08 ). The FASB issued ASU 2021-08 to improve the accounting for acquired revenue contracts with customers in a business combination by addressing diversity in practice and inconsistency related to recognition of an acquired
 contract liability and payment terms and their effect on subsequent revenue recognized by the acquirer. The amendment is effective for financial statements for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The adoption of this
 standard is not expected to have a material impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements.

The Company has considered all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and does not believe the adoption of such pronouncements will have a material impact on our financial statements.

33 

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for an emerging growth company. As an
 emerging growth company, the Company is electing to take advantage of the extended transition period afforded by the JOBS Act for the implementation of new or revised accounting standards.

Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, the Company is not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our
 system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the
 audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive
 officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply until the fifth anniversary of the business combination or until we no longer meet the requirements for being an emerging growth company, whichever occurs
 first.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

This item is not required.

34 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

FORIAN INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 688 

36 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

37 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

38 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

40 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

41 

35 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of

Forian Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Forian Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
 federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
 part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
 and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020.

March 30, 2023

36 

Table of Contents 

FORIAN INC.

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Marketable securities

Accounts receivable, net

Contract assets

Prepaid expenses

Other assets 

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Right of use assets, net 

Deposits and other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Short-term operating lease liabilities

Notes payable

Warrant liability

Deferred revenues

Total current liabilities

Long-term liabilities:

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Convertible notes payable, net of debt issuance costs (Note 11) in principal is held by a related party. Refer to Note 15)

Total long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)

Stockholders' equity:

Preferred Stock; par value ; Shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021

Common Stock; par value ; Shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholders' equity

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

37 

Table of Contents 

FORIAN INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues:

Information and Software

Services

Other

Total revenues

Costs and Expenses:

Cost of revenues

Research and development

Sales and marketing

General and administrative 

Separation expenses

Gain on sale of businesses, net

Depreciation and amortization 

Transaction related expenses 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss From Operations

Other Income (Expense):

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Interest and investment income

Interest expense 

Foreign currency related gains, net

Total other income, net 

Net loss before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted-average shares outstanding

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

38 

Table of Contents 

FORIAN INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

Preferred Stock

Common Stock

Shares

Par Value @ 0.001 per share

Shares

Par Value @ 0.001 per share

Additional Paid In Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Stockholders' Equity

Balance at January 1, 2022

Vesting of Restricted Stock and Stock Awards, net of shares surrendered for taxes

Issuance of Forian common stock upon exercise of stock options

Issuance of Forian common stock upon exercise of warrants

Stock based compensation expense

Net loss

Balance at December 31, 2022

Preferred Stock

Common Stock

Shares

Par Value @ 0.001 per share

Shares

Par Value @ 0.001 per share

Additional Paid In Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Stockholders' Equity

Balance at January 1, 2021

Issuance of Forian Common stock in Helix Acquisition

Forian Restricted Stock Vesting

Issuance of common stock warrants

Forian shares issued upon exercise of MOR Class B options

Stock based compensation expense

Issuance of Forian common stock

Issuance of Forian common stock upon exercise of stock options

Net loss

Balance at December 31, 2021

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements. 

39 

Table of Contents 

FORIAN INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

AND 2021

For the Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Amortization on right of use asset

Gain on sale of businesses, net

Amortization of debt issuance costs

Accrued interest on convertible notes

Realized and unrealized gain on marketable securities

Provision for doubtful accounts

Stock-based compensation expense

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Foreign currency related (gains) losses, net

Issuance of warrants in connection with transaction expenses

Change in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Contract assets

Prepaid expenses

Changes in lease liabilities during the year

Deposits and other assets

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Deferred revenues

Net cash used in operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Additions to property and equipment

Purchase of marketable securities

Sale of marketable securities

Net cash from sale of business

Cash acquired as part of business combination

Net cash used in investing activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from exercise of MOR Class B options

Payments on notes payable and financing arrangements

Payment of employee withholding tax related to restricted stock units

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options

Proceeds from sale of common stock

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash

Net change in cash

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for taxes

Non-cash Investing Activities:

Non-cash consideration for Helix acquisition

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Table of Contents 

FORIAN INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares of Company common stock in the Merger. Helix provides traceability and point of sale technology, analytics solutions and other products to
 government and business customers within the cannabis industry to help them improve the performance of their business.

shares of Company common stock in the Merger, subject to adjustments pursuant to the Contribution
 Agreement.

of the outstanding capital stock of its wholly owned subsidiary, Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc., a Florida corporation BioTrack ), to BT Assets Group Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
 subsidiary of Alleaves Inc., a Delaware corporation Alleaves (the BioTrack Transaction ). As a result of the BioTrack Transaction, as of February 10, 2023, the Company no longer provides products or services to the cannabis industry. The
 Company will continue to provide analytics solutions to customers in the healthcare and other industries. For further discussion on the BioTrack Transaction, refer to Note 20.

41 

Table of Contents 

owned by Engeni, LLC) (through October 31, 2022), Green Tree International, Inc. and Boss Security Solutions, Inc., BT UCS, Inc. and AIE Exchange
 Canada, Inc. Effective October 7, 2021, AIE Exchange Canada, Inc. was voluntarily dissolved. Effective December 31, 2021, (i) each of COR Analytics, LLC and MOR Analytics, LLC was merged with and into Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC and
 (ii) each of BT UCS, Inc. and BOSS Security Solutions was merged with and into Security Grade Protective Services, Ltd., which entity was re-domesticated from Colorado to Delaware and renamed Helix Legacy, Inc. Effective October 31, 2022, of the equity interest of Engeni, LLC held by Helix was sold. Effective December 31, 2022, (i) Security Consultants Group, LLC was merged with and
 into Helix TCS, LLC and (ii) Helix TCS, LLC was merged with and into Helix Legacy, Inc. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The financial results of Helix and its subsidiaries are included in the condensed
 consolidated financial statements beginning on March 2, 2021, the Merger Closing Date.

and of the Company s consolidated sales, respectively. Assets held in Argentina as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 represented as the company sold all of its assets in period and 
 of the Company s consolidated assets, respectively. The hyperinflationary conditions did t have a material impact on the Company s
 business during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. On October 31st, the Company sold its operations in Argentina, Engeni
 LLC and Engeni SA. See Gain on Sale of Businesses, Net below. 

42 

Table of Contents 

at each institution. The portion of
 deposits in excess of FDIC coverage is not protected by such insurance and represents a credit risk to the Company. At times, the Company s deposits exceed this coverage.

and at December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

43 

Table of Contents 

impairment losses have been recognized during the periods presented. 

44 

Table of Contents 

to . Information
 products customers may access data analytics products through the use of tools provided by the Company or by utilizing their own tools per the contract. Data products may consist of historical information as it exists at the time of delivery or
 information that will be updated over a period of time as agreed with the customer. In most cases, the provision of information products is considered a single performance obligation. In cases where the Company is not obligated to update
 information over the access period, and control over the use of the products passes to the customer when delivered, revenue is recognized when the information products are made available to the customer. In cases where information updates are
 provided over the contract term, they are considered highly interrelated with the information product delivered upon contract inception, and revenue is recognized ratably over the life of the contract. Customers are generally invoiced according
 to monthly, quarterly or annual amounts specified in the contract. Any amounts invoiced in excess of revenue recognized are recorded as deferred revenue. Revenue recognized in excess of amounts invoiced is recorded as a contract asset.

days notice. When collection of fees occurs in advance of service delivery, revenue recognition is deferred until such services commence. Revenue for implementation fees is recognized as
 training and installation services are performed.

45 

Table of Contents 

of the outstanding stock of the customer, vesting in quarterly
 increments specified in the November 2020 Agreement through December 2023. Concurrently, the Company entered into a Stockholders Agreement specifying its voting and other rights as a stockholder. As a result, the Company determined that it does not
 exert influence over the customer. ASC 606-10-32-21 requires an entity to measure the fair value of noncash consideration at contract inception. The fair value of the restricted stock was determined to be on the date of inception. The Company recorded revenue from the customer of 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Acquired from Helix

Acquired balances recognized during period

Beginning deferred revenue balance recognized during the period

Net change due to timing of billings, payments and recognition

Balance at December 31, 2021

Beginning deferred revenue balance recognized during the period

Net change due to timing of billings, payments and recognition

Balance at December 31, 2022 

months.

Thereafter 

Total

46 

Table of Contents 

Software Subscriptions

Services

Other

Total

t have any customers that exceeded of total revenue
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

of the Company s operating
 expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, any disruption associated with these suppliers could have a material short-term impact on the business while alternate sources are secured.

vendors representing and of purchases for outside development and cloud computing services, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had vendor representing of
 purchases for outside development and cloud computing services.

to years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
 as incurred.

impairment losses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

47 

Table of Contents 

. Product development costs not pertaining to the application development stage are expensed as incurred. The Company capitalized software
 development costs of and 
 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

48 

Table of Contents 

shares of
 Company common stock were originally authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan. On June 15, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan, which amended the Plan to increase the number of shares available
 for issuance by shares to a total of shares. Stock options represent the right to purchase Company common stock at the exercise price on the date of grant of the stock option at a future date. Restricted stock awards
 are grants of shares of Company common stock. Restricted stock units represent the right to receive shares of Company common stock on future specified dates. Stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units granted contain
 restrictions that cause them to be subject to substantial risk of forfeiture and restrict their exercise, sale or other transfer by the grantee until they vest. The terms of the stock options, restricted stock awards and units granted under the
 2020 Plan are determined by the Board of Directors in the agreement evidencing the award, including the number of shares, period of restriction or vesting schedule and other terms. The fair value of the stock options, restricted stock awards and
 restricted stock units is based on the underlying grant date fair value of Company common stock. The fair value is then expensed over the requisite service periods of the awards, net of forfeitures, which is generally the service period and the
 related amount is recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.

provision for federal or state income tax has been made by the Company for all business activity from its inception through March 2, 2021.

and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

resulting in a gain of , which is included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year
 ended December 31, 2022. On October 31, 2022, the Company sold of its equity interest in Engeni, LLC for a note with payments of
 up to if certain conditions are met. The Company has not recognized any value in connection with the note consideration
 because, as of the reporting date, it is not probable that any such conditions will be met. The sale resulted in a loss of ,
 which is included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

49 

Table of Contents 

in severance and related costs which were recorded in operating expenses in March 2022. 

advisors agreed not to renew special advisor agreements between the advisors and the Company. The advisors were the former chief executive officer and chief financial officer of Helix who were granted stock options in conjunction with their
 respective advisory agreements that were entered into upon the completion of the Helix acquisition. The Company and the advisors mutually agreed not to renew the advisory agreements. The services provided by these advisors included
 transition planning and consulting services related to integration of the business operations of Helix and Forian. Per the terms of the agreements, options to purchase shares of common stock will continue to vest according to their original terms through March 2, 2023, and unvested stock options to purchase shares of common stock were forfeited. The advisors are not required to perform services to the Company beyond the non-renewal date of
 March 2, 2022. As a result, the Company recorded of stock compensation expenses related to the options that will vest
 over the twelve months ending March 2, 2023 during March 2022. 

of severance expenses related to the departure of employees, and suspended the development of certain software projects with a third-party developer.

of the issued and outstanding capital stock, options and warrants of Helix.

. The purchase consideration is equal to the product of (i) the total outstanding Helix common shares and common share equivalents for in-the-money warrants to purchase Helix
 common stock and vested stock options multiplied by the merger exchange ratio of shares of Company common stock for 1 share of
 Helix common stock and (ii) per share, which represented the fair value of Company common stock on the acquisition date.

50 

Table of Contents 

Assets acquired:

Cash

Accounts receivable, net

Prepaid expenses

Contract assets

Other assets

Property and equipment

Software Technology

Trade Names and Trademarks

Customer Relationships

Right of use assets

Deposits and other assets

Total assets acquired

Liabilities assumed:

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses

Short-term lease liabilities

Deferred revenues

Warrant liability

Notes payable and financing arrangements

Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities assumed

Estimated fair value of net assets acquired:

Goodwill

years for Trade Names and Trademarks, years for Customer
 Relationships and and 
 years for Software Technology Intangibles with a weighted average useful life of years.

and for the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Net loss

Net loss per share:

Basic and diluted-as pro forma (unaudited)

51 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, primarily relating to various software licenses and insurance policies with durations ranging from months to year.

. 

Furniture and equipment 

Software development costs 

Vehicles 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net

52 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. Included in such totals are software amortization costs of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

Software Technology

Software Technology

Tradenames and Trademarks

Software Technology

Software Technology

Tradenames and Trademarks

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

2024

2025

2026

2027

Thereafter

Total

53 

Table of Contents 

Accrued expenses

Total 

and warrants outstanding classified as liabilities, respectively . 

Dividend yield

Expected volatility

- 

- 

Risk free interest rate

- 

- 

Expected life (years)

Exercise price

- 

- 

Fair value of financial instruments - warrants

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Fair value of warrant liability assumed in connection with Helix Merger

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Balance as of December 31, 2021

54 

Table of Contents 

Add: accrued interest

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs

Convertible note payable, net of debt issuance costs

of par value in aggregate principal balance of Convertible Promissory Notes
 due September 1, 2025 (the Notes ), convertible into (i) shares of Company common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Company common stock equal to of the principal amount of the Notes divided by the conversion price of the Notes (the Warrants ). The Notes will mature on the fourth-year anniversary of the date of issuance, which
 time is also the termination date of the Warrants if issued. The conversion price of the Notes and the exercise price of the Warrants is 
 per share, which was the consolidated closing bid price of the Company common stock as reported by Nasdaq on August 31, 2021, the most recently completed trading day preceding the Company entering into the Note Purchase Agreement with investors
 with respect to the Notes. The holders of the Notes may, at any time, convert all or a portion of the Notes plus accrued interest (subject to a minimum principal amount of at the conversion price. The Company may redeem all or a portion of any Notes then outstanding at any time after the first anniversary of issuance at a price of of par value plus accrued interest. In the event of a change of control of the Company, the Company may redeem all Notes then outstanding at a
 price of of par value plus accrued interest. Interest expense on the Notes is payable upon maturity or earlier redemption unless
 the Notes are converted prior to such time. In the event the holders of the Note convert all or a portion of the Notes, the related accrued interest is converted at the conversion price. Interest expense related to the Note s was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectivel y .

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Dividend yield

Expected volatility

Risk Free interest rate

Expected life (years)

Exercise price

, which will be deferred and amortized over the term of the Notes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and in amortization of debt issuance co sts , respectively .

55 

Table of Contents 

shares of Company common stock for each 1 MOR unit, subject to any adjustments required under the Contribution Agreement. 

Issued

Vested

Canceled

Unvested at December 31, 2021

Issued

Vested

Canceled

Unvested at December 31, 2022

of unvested awards at December 31, 2022 consists of restricted stock units and shares of restricted
 stock. Vested shares include shares which were retired by the Company to fulfill payroll tax obligations. The of unvested awards at December 31, 2021 consisted of restricted stock units and shares of restricted stock.

and 
 per share for shares of Company common stock were outstanding. The value attributable to service subsequent to the Merger is
 recognized as compensation cost by the Company.

to 

to 

Fair value of Company common stock

to 

to 

Dividend yield

Expected volatility

to 

to 

Risk Free interest rate

to 

to 

Expected life (years) remaining

to 

to 

56 

Table of Contents 

Options assumed in Helix Merger

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited and expired

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested options at December 31, 2022 

and years, respectively. The total aggregate intrinsic value of the exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 was approximately .

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

shares
 of common stock will continue to vest according to their original terms through March 2, 2023, and unvested stock options to purchase 
 shares of common stock were forfeited. The advisors are not required to perform services to the Company beyond the non-renewal date of March 2, 2022. As a result, the Company recorded of stock compensation expenses related to the options that will vest over the twelve months ending March 2, 2023 during March 2022. 

, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately
 years. 

Research and development

Sales and marketing

General and administrative

Separation expenses 

Total

. The total fair value of restricted shares vested
 during the year ended December 31, 2022 was .

57 

Table of Contents 

shares of Company common stock to 1 MOR member unit, subject to
 adjustment pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. Unvested Class B profit interest units, unvested restricted Class B units and options to acquire Restricted Class B Units were converted to unvested restricted Company common stock on March 2, 2021
 based upon the exchange ratio of shares of Company common stock to 1 MOR member unit, subject to adjustment pursuant to the
 Contribution Agreement. The applicable vesting provisions of such MOR units carried over to the restricted Company common stock.

shares of Company common stock at a per-share purchase price equal to . The warrants terminate after a period of from the issuance date. The warrants were issued in exchange for services provided with a fair value of included in transaction related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. On August 24, 2022, all warrants were exercised in a cashless exercise. As a result, 
 shares of the Company s common stock were issued upon exercise of the warrants.

,
 net of transaction expenses of , resulting from the sale of shares of Company common stock at an average purchase price equal to 
 per share to a select group of institutional and accredited investors. Investors included both unaffiliated investors as well as directors of the Company. Directors purchased shares of common stock at a purchase price of per
 share, which amount represented the consolidated closing bid price of Company common stock as reported by the Nasdaq on April 9, 2021, the last trading day prior to execution of the securities purchase agreement. Unaffiliated investors purchased shares of Company common stock at a purchase price of per share, which price was negotiated on April 9, 2021, and represents an approximately 
 discount to the preceding day s volume weighted average price. 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders: 

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

58 

Table of Contents 

Stock options 

Convertible notes 

Unvested Restricted Stock Awards and Units

Total 

and ,
 respectively.

resulting from the sale of Company common stock to a select group of institutional and accredited investors, which included directors of the Company. See Note 13
 for additional information.

of par value in aggregate principal balance of
 Convertible Promissory Notes due 2025 convertible into (i) shares of Company common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of
 Company common stock equal to of the principal amount of the Notes divided by the conversion price to a select group of
 institutional and accredited investors, which included a director of the Company who holds of the Notes. See Note 11 for
 additional information.

operating and reportable segments, which are consistent with its reporting units as follows:

59 

Table of Contents 

Costs and expenses

Loss from operations

Total other income/(expense)

Loss before income taxes

Services 

Revenue

Costs and expenses

Income (loss) from operations

Total other income/(expense)

Income (loss) before income taxes

Other 

Revenue

Costs and expenses

Loss from operations

Total other income/(expense)

Loss before income taxes

Centrally Managed Costs 

Revenue

Costs and expenses

Loss from operations

Total other income/(expense)

Loss before income taxes

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Totals 

Revenue

Costs and expenses

Loss from operations

Total other income/(expense)

Loss before income taxes

Income tax expense 

Net loss

and of the Company s revenues were attributable to customers in the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

60 

Table of Contents 

Foreign

Total loss before provision for income taxes

State

Foreign

Deferred:

Federal

State

Foreign

Total

Nondeductible/nontaxable items

Loss from LLC Period

) 

Stock based compensation

State taxes

Rate change

) 

Deferred true-up and other

) 

) 

Valuation
 allowance 

) 

) 

Income tax expense

) 

) 

61 

Table of Contents 

Reserves

Other accruals

Deferred Revenue

Stock Compensation

Lease liability

Capitalized Sec. 174 Expenses

Net operating loss carry forwards

Deferred income tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total net deferred income tax assets

Unrealized FX Gain/ Loss

Prepaids

Property, plant and equipment

Goodwill and intangible assets

Deferred income tax
 liability 

Net deferred taxes

62 

Table of Contents 

and and , respectively.
 Federal net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of begin expiring in 2035 and approximately have an indefinite life. The
 federal NOL carryforwards of million generated in 2021 and 2022 are subject to an limitation on taxable income, do not expire and will carryforward indefinitely. State net operating loss carryforwards begin expiring in 2035 . Foreign net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of begin expiring in 2024 .

cumulative loss and net deferred tax asset position. As of December 31, 2022, based on the Company s history of earnings,
 management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the deferred tax assets. Therefore, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax assets. 

has been
 recorded to measure only the portion of the deferred tax asset that more likely than not will be realized. The valuation allowance changed by 
 in the year. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income are improved or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and
 additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth in the relevant jurisdictions.

t recognize any tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. The Company s conclusions regarding
 uncertain tax positions may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon ongoing analysis of or changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof as well as other factors. 

63 

Table of Contents 

to . The lease term represents the period up to the early
 termination date unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will not exercise the early termination option. Certain leases include rental payments that are adjusted periodically based on changes in consumer price and other indices.

short-term leases related to offices in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts. These short-term leases are currently leased on a month-to-month basis. A short-term lease is a
 lease with a term of 12 months or less and does not include the option to purchase the underlying asset that we would expect to exercise. The Company has elected to adopt the short-term lease exemption in ASC 842 and as such has not recognized a
 right of use asset or lease liability for these short-term leases.

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

Short-term operating lease liabilities

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Total lease liabilities

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)

Weighted average discount rate

64 

Table of Contents 

Short-term lease expense

Total operating lease costs

2024

2025

2026

Total future minimum lease payments

Less imputed interest

Total

Year ending December 31, 2024

Year ending December 31, 2025

Year ending December 31, 2026

65 

Table of Contents 

of GTI. The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages equivalent to the value a shareholder of GTI would have received in the subsequent Helix and Forian transactions, along with an equitable accounting and constructive trust to determine if Audet suffered any
 loss of profit distributions. The case is in the process of discovery and trial is scheduled for June 2023. Each of the parties motions for summary judgment were denied. The Company believes the lawsuit is wholly without merit and intends to
 defend vigorously against the claims in the lawsuit.

former Helix employees filed a lawsuit in the Arapahoe County, Colorado District Court against the Company and Helix s former managers
 asserting claims of breach of contract, promissory estoppel, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, civil theft and conversion, fraudulent misrepresentation, civil conspiracy, and unjust enrichment/quantum meruit, all relating
 to the plaintiffs claims that they were promised equity interest in Helix or compensation that they never received. The original complaint was never served, and in November 2021, the plaintiffs filed and served an amended complaint adding a
 fifth plaintiff and seeking over million in damages as well as attorneys fees and costs. The Company removed the matter to the
 United States District Court for the District of Colorado in December 2021, and both the Company and the individual defendants filed motions to dismiss on January 20, 2022. Plaintiffs subsequently amended their complaint on April 21, 2022,
 adding Helix TCS LLC and Helix Technologies, Inc. as defendants and advancing additional claims for breach of fiduciary duty and violation of the Colorado Wage Claims Act. The Company and the individual defendants filed separate motions to
 dismiss on June 1, 2022, which were granted in part and denied in part by the Court on February 28, 2023. Plaintiffs supplemented their complaint on March 3, 2023 consistent with the Court s prior ruling. Written discovery is nearing
 completion. The Company believes the lawsuit is wholly without merit and intends to defend vigorously against the claims in the lawsuit. 

million, subject to any working capital adjustments. The Buyer paid million in cash at closing and is required to make equal monthly payments totaling 
 million commencing March 2023, which subsequent payments are guaranteed by certain affiliates of the Buyer. 

66 

Table of Contents 

for twelve ) months; (ii) ,
 representing Mr. Barton s annual bonus for the year ended December 31, 2022; (iii) acceleration of Mr. Barton s remaining 
 unvested restricted shares of Company common stock; and (iv) a maximum of twelve ) months of continued COBRA coverage. 

shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which amount represents the closing price of the Company s common stock on such date and (ii) restricted stock units representing shares of common stock of the Company. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation and as a result of the unremediated material weaknesses described below, our chief executive officer and chief
 financial officer have concluded that as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the
 Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
 communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective due to certain material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as set forth below.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets;

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
 expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

68 

Table of Contents 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
 subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) .

Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, we have not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.

Material Weaknesses

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our
 financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Pursuant to management s review of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management determined that the following material
 weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and prevented management from determining that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were effective as of the end of the period covered by
 this report:

1) 

We lacked segregation of duties over the cash, accounts payable, payroll, and financial reporting transaction classes.

2) 

We lacked evidence of formalization surrounding internal controls and the financial close processes.

3) 

We did not have properly designed general information technology controls surrounding logical access, change management, and vendor application management.

Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses described above, management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are fairly presented
 in all material respects in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have certified that, based on their knowledge, the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all
 material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for each of the periods presented in this report.

Remediation

We have implemented several processes and control procedures in 2022, including those outlined below, to remediate the deficiencies noted above.

We currently are assessing and improving the operating effectiveness of these controls to ensure they will operate at an acceptable level of assurance.

We have hired additional personnel and outside consultants to fill accounting functions and expect to hire and train additional personnel. In addition, we are in the process of implementing
 upgraded, accounting and finance systems, which we expect will enhance our ability to implement appropriate internal controls.

69 

Table of Contents 

We have contracted an outside consulting firm to assist in the overall evaluation and documentation of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We
 are implementing newly designed controls and testing their operating effectiveness.

We believe these actions, when complete, will remediate the control weaknesses. However, the weaknesses will not be considered fully remediated until the applicable controls operate for a
 sufficient period of time for management to test the results for operating effectiveness. Once implemented, we intend to continue periodic testing and reporting of the internal controls to ensure continuity of compliance.

Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

An attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting by our independent registered public accounting firm is not included herein, because, as an emerging growth company, we are
 exempt from the requirement to provide such report.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that have
 materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as described above in our remediation efforts.

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
 Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
 controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can
 occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also
 is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
 detected.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Forian s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

70 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Forian s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by Items 201(d) and 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to Forian s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC
 within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Forian s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Forian s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 

The following documents are filed or furnished as part of this Form 10-K:

1. 

Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements under Item 8, Part II hereof.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is shown in the financial statements or related notes.

3. 

Exhibits 

71 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

 Number

Description

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 16, 2020, by and among Helix Technologies, Inc., Forian Inc., DNA Merger Sub, Inc. and Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC (incorporated by reference to
 Appendix A of the Company s Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-250938) filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended on December 31, 2020, January 19, 2021, February 1, 2021 and February 9, 2021).

2.2 

Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 30, 2020, by and among Helix Technologies, Inc., Forian Inc., DNA Merger Sub, Inc. and Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company s Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-250938) filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended on December 31, 2020, January 19, 2021, February 1, 2021 and February 9, 2021).

2.3 

Equity Interest Contribution Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021).

2.4 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, by and among Helix Technologies, Inc., Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc. and BT Assets Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023).

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-250938) filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended on December 31,
 2020, January 19, 2021, February 1, 2021 and February 9, 2021).

3.2 

Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-250938) filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended on December 31, 2020, January 19, 2021,
 February 1, 2021 and February 9, 2021).

4.1 

Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021).

10.1 + 

Forian Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form S-8 (Reg. No. 33 3-268470 filed with the SEC on November
 18, 2022. 

10.2 

License Agreement, dated June 30, 2019 (portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
 the Company s Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-250938) filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended on December 31, 2020, January 19, 2021, February 1, 2021 and February 9, 2021).

10.3 +

Offer Letter, dated March 25, 2020, by and between MOR and Max Wygod.

10.4 +

Offer Letter, dated March 25, 2020, by and between MOR and Adam Dublin.

10.5 +

Employment Agreement, dated August 1, 2019, by and between MOR and Daniel Barton.

10.6 +

Employment Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Edward Spaniel, Jr.

10.7 

Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2021).

10.8 +

Helix TCS, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021).

10.9 +

Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Helix s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2018).

10.10 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2021, entered into between the Company and each of the Investors and the Affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC April 13, 2021).

10.11 +

Employment Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Michael Vesey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 September 2, 2021).

10.12 

Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the
 SEC November 15, 2021).

72 

Table of Contents 

10.13 + 

Separation Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, by and between the Company and Daniel Barton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 February 13, 2023).

10.14 

License Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, by and among the Company, Helix Technologies, Inc., BT Assets Group, Inc. and Bio-Tech Medical Software, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023).

21 

List of Subsidiaries

23.1 

Consent of Marcum LLP

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 15(e) or Rule 15d 15(e) 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 15(e) or Rule 15d 15(e) 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document ).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10 K.

+ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

Item 16.

Form 10 K Summary

None.

73 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized, on March 30, 2023.

FORIAN INC.

By:

/s/ Max Wygod

Max Wygod

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on March 30, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
 indicated:

Signature

Title

/s/ Max Wygod

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Max Wygod

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Michael Vesey

Chief Financial Officer

Michael Vesey

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Mark Adler, M.D.

Director

Mark Adler, M.D.

/s/ Ian Banwell

Director

Ian Banwell

/s/ Adam Dublin

Director and Chief Strategy Officer

Adam Dublin

/s/ Jennifer Hajj

Director

Jennifer Hajj

/s/ Shahir Kassam-Adams

Director

Shahir Kassam-Adams

/s/ Stanley Trotman, Jr.

Director

Stanley Trotman, Jr.

/s/ Alyssa Varadhan

Director

Alyssa Varadhan

/s/ Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.

Director

Kristiina Vuori, M.D., Ph.D.

/s/ Martin Wygod

Director

Martin Wygod

74 

<EX-21>
 2
 brhc10050070_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

SUBSIDIARIES

Subsidiary

Jurisdiction

Helix Technologies, Inc.

Delaware

Medical Outcomes Research Analytics, LLC

Delaware

Helix Legacy, Inc.

Delaware

Green Tree International, Inc.

Colorado

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10050070_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Forian Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-268470 and 333-253938) of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to our
 audits of the consolidated financial statements of Forian Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forian Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Marcum llp 

 San Jose, California

 March 30, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10050070_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Max Wygod, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forian Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

By:

/s/ Max Wygod

Name:

Max Wygod

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10050070_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATION OF INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Michael Vesey, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forian Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
 end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
 record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 30, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael Vesey

Name:

Michael Vesey

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10050070_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.

Exhibit 32.1

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forian Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 30, 2023

By:

/s/ Max Wygod

Name:

Max Wygod

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 30, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael Vesey

Name:

Michael Vesey

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fora-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fora-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fora-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fora-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fora-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

