<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1382574_0001493152-23-009090.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6453918</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>396267</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1322257</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1826577</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1290079</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1470306</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009090.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327161545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRxADE HEALTH, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001382574
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39199
		FILM NUMBER:		23764707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2420 BRUNELLO TRACE
		CITY:			LUTZ
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33558
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 261 0281

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2420 BRUNELLO TRACE
		CITY:			LUTZ
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33558

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRXADE GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCELLINK INTERNATIONAL INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bluebird Exploration Co.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009090.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from: _____________to ______________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 (The
 NASDAQ Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer 
and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . For purposes of calculating the
aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates, except
for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors and 5 or greater stockholders. In the case of 5 or greater stockholders,
we have not deemed such stockholders to be affiliates unless there are facts and circumstances which would indicate that such stockholders
exercise any control over our company, or unless they hold 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. These assumptions should not
be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive officers, directors and 5 or greater stockholders are, in fact, affiliates of
our company, or that there are no other persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of our company. Further information concerning shareholdings
of our officers, directors and principal stockholders is included or incorporated by reference in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

As
of March 23, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary 
 3 
 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 5 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 52 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 52 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 55 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 64 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 86 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 86 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 87 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 87 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 88 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 88 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 88 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 88 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 88 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Schedules 
 89 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 90 
 
 Signatures 
 91 

2 

GLOSSARY 

The
following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this Report, which are commonly used in the pharmaceutical industry: 

ACA 
means the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, often shortened to the Affordable Care Act, nicknamed Obamacare, which is a U.S.
federal statute which provides numerous rights and protections that make health coverage fairer and easier to understand, along with
subsidies (through premium tax credits and cost-sharing reductions to make it more affordable.
The law also expands the Medicaid program to cover more people with low incomes. 

ADR 
means Authorized Distributor of Record. Under current federal law, an ADR means a distributor with whom a manufacturer has established
an ongoing relationship to distribute such manufacturer s products. 

ANDA 
means an abbreviated new drug application which contains data which is submitted to the FDA for the review and potential approval of
a generic drug product. 

CMS 
means the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, which is a federal agency within the HHS that administers the Medicare program
and works in partnership with state governments to administer Medicaid. 

CSA 
means the Controlled Substances Act, the statute establishing federal U.S. drug policy under which the manufacture, importation, possession,
use, and distribution of certain substances is regulated. 

DEA 
means the Drug Enforcement Administration, a United States federal law enforcement agency under the United States Department of Justice,
tasked with combating drug trafficking and distribution within the United States. 

DQSA 
means the Drug Quality and Security Act which is a law that amended the FFDCA to grant the FDA more authority to regulate and monitor
the manufacturing of compounded drugs. 

EUA 
means an Emergency Use Authorization filed with the FDA. Under section 564 of the FFDCA, the FDA Commissioner may allow unapproved medical
products or unapproved uses of approved medical products to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat, or prevent serious or life-threatening
diseases or when there are no adequate, approved, and available alternatives. 

FDA 
means U.S. The Food and Drug Administration, which is a federal agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
The FDA is responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and security of human and veterinary drugs,
biological products, and medical devices; and by ensuring the safety of U.S. food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. 

FDAAA 
means the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 which reviewed, expanded, and reaffirmed several existing pieces of legislation
regulating the FDA. 

FFDCA 
means the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which is a set of U.S. laws passed by Congress in 1938 giving authority to the FDA to
oversee the safety of food, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. 

Generic
drugs are copies of brand-name drugs that have exactly the same dosage, intended use, effects, side effects, route of administration,
risks, safety, and strength as the original drug. 

Health
plan means health insurance coverage provided by an individual or group that provides or pays the cost of medical care. Health
plans can be provided by public (Medicaid) or private (an employer) entities. 

HHS ,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services also known as the Health Department, is a cabinet-level department of the U.S. federal
government with the goal of protecting the health of all Americans and providing essential human services. 

3 

HIPAA 
means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which has the goal of making it easier for people to keep health
insurance, protect the confidentiality and security of healthcare information and help the healthcare industry control administrative
costs. 

Individually
identifiable health information is defined by HIPPA to mean information that is a subset of health information, including
demographic information collected from an individual, and: (1) is created or received by a health care provider, health plan, employer,
or health care clearinghouse; and (2) relates to the past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition of an individual;
the provision of health care to an individual; or the past, present, or future payment for the provision of health care to an individual;
and (a) that identifies the individual; or (b) with respect to which there is reasonable basis to believe the information can be used
to identify the individual. 

Medicaid 
is a federal and state health insurance program in the U.S. that helps with medical costs for some people with limited income and resources.
Medicaid also offers benefits not normally covered by Medicare, including nursing home care and personal care services. 

Medicare 
is a national health insurance program in the U.S. It primarily provides health insurance for Americans aged 65 and older, but also for
some younger people with disability status as determined by the Social Security Administration, as well as people with end stage renal
disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig s disease). 

NDC 
means a National Drug Code, a unique 10-digit, 3-segment number. It is a universal product identifier for human drugs in the United States.
The code is present on all non-prescription (OTC) and prescription medication packages and inserts in the U.S. The 3 segments of the
NDC identify the labeler, the product, and the commercial package size. 

PBM 
means a Pharmacy Benefits Manager. In the United States, a PBM is a third-party administrator of prescription drug programs for commercial
health plans, self-insured employer plans, Medicare Part D plans (prescription drug plans), the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program,
and state government employee plans. 

PDMA 
means the Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987. The PDMA establishes legal safeguards for prescription drug distribution to ensure
safe and effective pharmaceuticals and is designed to discourage the sale of counterfeit, adulterated, misbranded, subpotent, and expired
prescription drugs. 

Pedigree
tracking laws mean laws which help ensure the integrity of the U.S. drug supply chain through the use of drug pedigrees, verifiable
written or electronic documents that track each move in a drug s journey from manufacturer to patient. 

PPE 
means personal protective equipment, which is worn to minimize exposure to hazards that cause serious workplace injuries and illnesses.
When used below, PPE typically refers to protective equipment used by medical personnel, including masks, sanitizers and gloves. 

Rebates 
these are provided by manufacturers and are typically based on the ability of a payer to move market share for the manufacturer s
product. Rebates are confidential. 

SNI 
means Serialized Numerical Identifier. Pursuant to FDA requirements, a product s SNI has to include the item s NDC and unique
Serial Number (SN). 

Wholesaler 
typically, the wholesaler is the first purchaser of a drug product direct from the manufacturer. Wholesalers buy large quantities
and then resell either direct to provider-purchasers (like a large health system, pharmacy or pharmacy chain), or resell to smaller,
regional distributors for regional or local distribution to retail pharmacies and hospitals. 

4 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements which are
subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Some of the statements in this Annual Report constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events
or our future performance or future financial condition. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based
on current expectations, estimates and projections about our company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by the following words: anticipate , believe , continue , could , 
 estimate , expect , intend , may , ongoing, 
 plan , potential , predict , project , should , 
or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does
not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These factors include those set forth below and those disclosed under Risk
Factors , below. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

Risks
 of our operations not being profitable; 
 
 Claims
 relating to alleged violations of intellectual property rights of others; 
 
 Technical
 problems with our websites; 
 
 Risks
 relating to implementing our acquisition strategies; 
 
 Our
 ability to manage our growth; 
 
 Negative
effects on our operations associated with the opioid pain medication health crisis; 
 
 Regulatory
 and licensing requirement risks; 
 
 Risks
 related to changes in the U.S. healthcare environment; 
 
 The
 status of our information systems, facilities and distribution networks; 
 
 Risks
 associated with the operations of our more established competitors; 
 
 Regulatory
 changes; 
 
 Healthcare
 fraud; 

5 

The
 continued effects of COVID-19, governmental responses thereto, economic downturns and possible
 recessions caused thereby; 
 
 Inflation,
 rising interest rates, governmental responses thereto and possible recessions caused thereby; 
 
 Changes
 in laws or regulations relating to our operations; 
 
 Privacy
 laws; 
 
 System
 errors; 
 
 Dependence
 on current management; 
 
 Our
 growth strategy; and 
 
 Other
 risks disclosed below under, and incorporated by reference in, Risk Factors . 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Annual Report entitled Risk
Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

We
use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, 
 plans, estimates, targets and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I 
Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove
to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions
include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional
capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 

We
have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised
to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K. 

6 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

INTRODUCTION 

This
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. 

Please
see the Glossary above for a list of abbreviations and definitions used throughout this Report. 

Our
logo and some of our trademarks and tradenames are used in this Report. This Report also includes trademarks, tradenames and service
marks that are the property of others. Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this Report may
appear without the , and SM symbols. References to our trademarks, tradenames and service marks are not intended to indicate
in any way that we will not assert to the fullest extent under applicable law our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors if
any, nor that respective owners to other intellectual property rights will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their
rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with,
or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

The
market data and certain other statistical information used throughout this Report are based on independent industry publications, reports
by market research firms or other independent sources that we believe to be reliable sources. Industry publications and third-party research,
surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do
not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. We are responsible for all of the disclosures contained in this Report,
and we believe these industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable. While we are not aware of any
misstatements regarding any third-party information presented in this Report, their estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections,
involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors, including those
discussed under the section entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 19 of this Report. These and other factors could
cause our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates. Some market and other data included herein, as
well as the data of competitors as they relate to TRxADE HEALTH, INC., is also based on our good faith estimates. 

Our
fiscal year ends on December 31st. Interim results are presented on a quarterly basis for the quarters ended March 31st, June 30th, and
September 30th, the first quarter, second quarter and third quarter, respectively, with the quarter ending December 31st being referenced
herein as our fourth quarter. Fiscal 2022 means the Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, whereas Fiscal 2021 means the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, 
 Trxade , Trxade Group and TRxADE HEALTH, INC. refer specifically to TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Where
You Can Find Other Information 

We
file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the
public over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov and are available for download, free of charge, soon after
such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC, on the NASDAQ: MEDS , SEC Filings page
of our website at www.rx.trxade.com . Copies of documents filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon
oral or written request to our Secretary, who can be contacted at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this
Report. Our website addresses are www.rx.trxade.com www.trxadegroup.com , www.rx.trxade.com , www.bonumhealth.com ,
 www.comsprx.com , and www.rxintegra.com . Information on our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.
The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be
considered a part of this Report. 

CORPORATE
AND ORGANIZATIONAL HISTORY 

Background
of XCEL 

Our
Company was incorporated in Delaware on July 15, 2005, as Bluebird Exploration Company Bluebird ).
Bluebird was originally formed to engage in the exploitation of mineral properties. In December 2008, Bluebird changed its name to Xcellink
International, Inc. XCEL ), and subsequently announced that its business plan was being expanded to include
the development and marketing of platform-independent customer-centric payment systems and methodologies. XCEL was unable to raise the
funds necessary to implement its business strategy, never generated any revenue and was reporting as a shell corporation.
On January 9, 2014, Trxade Group, Inc., a privately held Nevada corporation, merged with and into XCEL, and XCEL changed its name to
 Trxade Group, Inc. On June 1, 2021, the Company changed its name from Trxade Group, Inc to TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

7 

Background
of Trxade 

PharmaCycle
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company PharmaCycle ), was formed in August 2010 by Prashant Patel, our President,
to serve as a web-based market platform designed to enable trading among healthcare buyers and sellers of pharmaceuticals, accessories
and services. In January 2013, PharmaCycle converted into a Florida corporation and changed its name to Trxade, Inc. Trxade
Florida ). In May 2013, Trxade Florida created a new wholly-owned subsidiary, Trxade Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation Trxade
Nevada ). Trxade Nevada acquired Trxade Florida pursuant to a reverse triangular merger, resulting in Trxade Florida becoming
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Trxade Nevada (the Nevada-Florida Merger ). The sole purpose of the Nevada-Florida Merger
was to provide for a holding company to own Trxade Florida, the operating company. At all times, up to the Nevada-Florida Merger, Trxade
Florida was capitalized exclusively by cash capital contributions from Messrs. Suren Ajjarapu and Patel, our Chief Executive Officer
and President, respectively. Immediately following the Nevada-Florida Merger, Messrs. Ajjarapu and Patel collectively owned 99 of Trxade
Nevada. After the Nevada-Florida Merger (but prior to the merger with XCEL), Trxade Nevada raised 670,000 through the sale of its preferred
stock in private placements made to third party investors. 

Reverse
Merger with Trxade 

On
September 26, 2008, Mark Fingarson, the former President, sole Director and controlling shareholder of XCEL, sold 80,000,000 shares of
XCEL (prior to the Merger Reverse Split and Reverse Stock Split (each discussed and defined below)) to XCEL s then attorney, Ron
McIntyre. On November 22, 2013, Trxade Nevada acquired Mr. McIntyre s controlling interest of 80,000,000 shares in XCEL pursuant
to a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated November 7, 2013. At the time of the sale, XCEL had 104,160,000 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding, including the 80,000,000 shares of stock acquired by Trxade Nevada (prior to the Merger Reverse Split and Reverse Stock
Split (each discussed and defined below)). 

On
December 16, 2013, Trxade Nevada and XCEL entered into a definitive merger agreement (the Merger Agreement providing
for the merger (the Merger of Trxade Nevada with and into XCEL, with XCEL continuing as the surviving corporation.
The Merger closed on January 8, 2014. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we amended our certificate of incorporation and changed
our name to Trxade Group, Inc., and changed our trading symbol to TRXD . 

Recapitalization
of Common Stock by a Reverse Split and Increase of Authorized Shares of Stock 

We
also reversed our issued and outstanding stock at the ratio of one for one thousand (1:1,000) shares effective upon the closing of the
Merger (the Merger Reverse Split ). In connection with the Merger Reverse Split, 104,160,000 outstanding shares of
our common stock, including the 80,000,000 shares held by Trxade Nevada, were exchanged for 104,160 post-Merger Reverse Split shares
of common stock. As a result of the Merger, Trxade Nevada stockholders holding 28,800,000 shares of common stock and 670,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock converted their shares on a one-to-one basis into 28,800,000 shares of our common stock and 670,000 shares of
our Series A Preferred Stock, for an aggregate total of 29,470,000 shares. Further, 100,000 shares of our common stock (on a post-Reverse
Split basis and considering the Reverse Stock Split (discussed below)) were issued following the Merger in connection with the conversion
of our promissory notes. The 80,000,000 pre-Merger shares held by Trxade Nevada, which amounted to 13,334 shares (on a post-Reverse Split
basis and taking into account the Reverse Stock Split), reverted to treasury stock of the Company. Except as otherwise disclosed, the
share amounts in the paragraph above have not been adjusted for the Merger Reverse Split or the Reverse Stock Split. 

February
2020 Reverse Stock Split and NASDAQ Capital Market Listing 

On
October 9, 2019, our Board of Directors, and on October 15, 2019, stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting shares,
approved resolutions authorizing a reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of our common stock in the range from one-for-two
(1-for-2) to one-for-ten (1-for-10), and provided authority to our Board of Directors to select the ratio of the reverse stock split
in their discretion (the Stockholder Authority ). On February 12, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company
approved a stock split ratio of 1-for-6 Reverse Stock Split in connection with the Stockholder Authority and
the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Delaware to affect the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse
Stock Split became effective at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 13, 2020. The Reverse Stock Split was completed in
order to allow us to meet the initial listing criteria of The NASDAQ Capital Market. 

Our
common stock was approved for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MEDS , on February 13, 2020. 

8 

Subsidiaries 

We
own 100 of Trxade Inc. (a Florida corporation). This subsidiary is included in our attached consolidated financial statements and is
engaged in the same line of business as Trxade. Trxade Inc. is a web-based market platform that enables commerce among healthcare buyers
and sellers of pharmaceuticals, accessories and services. 

We
own 100 of Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC (formerly Pinnacle Tek, Inc., a Florida corporation) founded by Mr. Suren Ajjarapu, our CEO,
in 2011 Integra ). Until the end of 2016, Integra served as our technology consultant provider, but we discontinued
that line of business in 2016. Integra now serves as our logistics company for pharmaceutical distribution. 

We
own 100 of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, an independent retail specialty pharmacy with a focus on specialty medications. 

We
own 100 of Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC (d.b.a. DelivMeds), a Florida limited liability company, which was founded in January 2018 Alliance ). Alliance previously owned 30 of SyncHealth MSO, LLC SyncHealth which was part
of a joint venture formed in January 2019 with PanOptic Health, LLC PanOptic with the goal of enabling independent
retail pharmacies to better compete with large national pharmacies on pricing, distribution and logistics. We did not realize any income
from the joint venture, and we terminated the joint venture agreements pursuant to their terms effective as of January 31, 2020, and
assigned the 30 ownership of SyncHealth back to PanOptic. As of February 1, 2020, we own no equity in SyncHealth and only the terms
of the agreements relating to confidentiality, non-solicitation and each party s obligation to cease use of the other party s
intellectual property survive the termination. 

We
own 100 of Bonum Health, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company which owns our Bonum Health Hub assets and operations
as discussed in further detail below. 

We
previously owned 100 of MedCheks, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company which was formed in January 2021, had no revenue in 2021
and was dissolved in December 2021. 

We
previously owned 100 of PharmCentrix, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company which had no revenue in 2020 and was dissolved in December
2020. 

In February of 2022 we entered
into an agreement with Exchange Health to own 51 of SOSRx, LLC a Delaware limited liability company. In December of 2022 management
determined that the subsidiary did not generate significant revenue and the assets were 100 impaired. In February of 2023 we voluntarily
withdrew from the agreement with Exchange Health. 

Acquisition
of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC 

On
October 15, 2018, the Company entered into and consummated the purchase of 100 of the equity interests of Community Specialty Pharmacy,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company, CSP ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Membership Interest
Purchase Agreement, entered into by and among the Company as the buyer, and CSP, and Nikul Panchal, the equity owner of CSP, a non-executive
officer of the Company (collectively, the Seller ). The purchase price for the 100 equity interest in CSP was 300,000
in cash, a promissory note issued by the Company in the amount of 300,000, and warrants to purchase 67,585 shares of common stock of
the Company (on a post-Reverse Split basis and taking into account the Reverse Stock Split) of which 33 of such warrants were revocable
by the Company prior to October 15, 2019 (but were not revoked); 33 were revocable by the Company prior to October 15, 2020 (but were
not revoked); and the remaining 33 of such warrants are revocable by the Company prior to October 15, 2021 (which were revoked on September
23, 2021), which are exercisable for eight (8) years from the issuance date at a strike price of 0.06 per share. As of the date of this
Report, there are no warrants to purchase shares of common stock remain outstanding in connection with the purchase. 

SyncHealth
MSO, LLC Joint Venture 

On
January 17, 2019, the Company and Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company (hereafter Alliance, with Alliance and Trxade referred to collectively herein as the Trxade
Parties ), entered into a transaction effective as of January 17, 2019 with PanOptic Health, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company PanOptic ), to create a new entity, SyncHealth MSO, LLC SyncHealth as part of a joint
venture to enable independent retail pharmacies to better compete with large national pharmacies on pricing, distribution and logistics.
As part of the transaction Alliance owned 30 of SyncHealth. We did not realize any income from the joint venture, and we terminated
the joint venture agreements pursuant to their terms effective as of January 31, 2020, and assigned the 30 ownership of SyncHealth back
to PanOptic. As of February 1, 2020, we own no equity in SyncHealth and only the terms of the agreements relating to confidentiality,
non-solicitation and each party s obligation to cease use of the other party s intellectual property survive the termination. 

9 

Bonum
Health Asset Acquisition 

On
October 23, 2019, Bonum Health, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Bonum Health entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Bonum Health, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Seller and the sole member of the Seller (the Member ). Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement,
the Company (through Bonum Health) acquired from the Seller, certain specified assets and certain specified contracts associated with
the assets of the Seller s operation as a telehealth service provider (the Tele Meds Platform)(the Assets ).
Included with the acquisition of the Assets, were contracts (relating to the Assets), intellectual property for the Bonum Health Tele
Medicine software technology and personal computers. The Company agreed to provide the Seller consideration equal to 41,667 shares
of restricted common stock of the Company at the closing, and the Seller had the right to earn up to an additional 108,334 shares of
restricted common stock of the Company in the event certain milestones were met within the first anniversary of the Closing date, none
of which were met. 

The
Asset Purchase Agreement includes a three year non-compete requirement, prohibiting the Seller and the Member from competing against
the Assets, customary representations and indemnification obligations, subject to a 25,000 minimal claim amount and certain limitations
on liability disclosed in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

Subsequent
to the acquisition, the Company determined that the assets were not usable and wrote off the value of the assets amounting to approximately
 369,000. 

BUSINESS
OF TRXADE 

Company
Overview 

We
are a health services IT company focused on digitalizing the retail pharmacy experience by optimizing drug procurement, the prescription
journey and patient engagement in the U.S. and have designed and developed, and now own and operate, a business-to-business web-based
marketplace. Our core service brings the nation s independent pharmacies, accredited national suppliers, and manufacturers of pharmaceuticals
together to provide efficient and transparent buying and selling opportunities. 

We
began operations as Trxade Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation Trxade Nevada in August of 2010 and spent over two
years creating and enhancing our web-based services. The Company changed its name on June 1, 2021, from Trxade Group, Inc 
to TRxADE HEALTH, INC. Our services provide pricing transparency, purchasing capabilities and other value-added services
on a single platform focused on serving the nation s approximately 19,397 independent pharmacies with annual purchasing power of
 67.1 billion (according to the National Community of Pharmacists Association s 2021 Digest). Our national wholesale supply partners
and manufacturers are able to fulfill orders on our platform in real-time and provide pharmacies and wholesale suppliers with cost-saving
payment terms and next-day delivery capabilities in unrestrictive states. We have expanded significantly since 2015 and now serve approximately
14,400+ registered members on our sales platform. 

Our
Principal Products and Services and their Markets 

Trxade.com
 is a web-based pharmaceutical marketplace engaged in promoting and enabling commerce among independent pharmacies, small chains,
hospitals, clinics, and alternate dispensing sites with large pharmaceutical suppliers nationally. Our marketplace has over 60 national
and regional pharmaceutical suppliers providing over 120,000 branded and generic drugs, including over-the-counter drugs (OTCs), and
drugs available for purchase by pharmacists. We serve approximately 14,400+ registered members, providing access to Trxade s proprietary
pharmaceutical database and data analytics regarding medication pricing. We generate revenue from these services by charging a transaction
fee to the seller of the products for sales conducted via the Trxade platform. The buyers do not bear the cost of transaction fees for
the purchases that they make, nor do they pay a fee to join or register with our platform. Substantially all of our revenues during Fiscal
2022 and Fiscal 2021, were from platform revenue generated on www.rx.trxade.com , product sales through Integra Pharma Solutions,
LLC, and prescription sales through Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC. 

Status
of current and new or enhanced products and services 

We
have a number of products and services in operation and others still under development, which are described below. 

Integra
Pharma Solutions, LLC . Integra is intended to serve as our logistics company for pharmaceutical distribution. 

10 

Community
Specialty Pharmacy, LLC . We acquired Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, a Florida limited liability company CSP ), on October 15, 2018. CSP is an accredited pharmacy located in St. Petersburg, Florida, which focuses on
specialty medications and operates with an innovative pharmacy model that offers home delivery services to any patient thereby
providing convenience. 

Delivmeds.com .
 Delivmeds.com was launched in late 2018 as a consumer-based app to provide delivery of pharmaceutical products associated with
Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC. We are currently working on reformulating the application from a prescription delivery portal to a fully
integrated, interoperable, end-to-end prescription delivery and medication adherence tool. The new product has been rebranded and is
targeted for consumer re-release and use in the near future. To date, we have not generated any revenue from this product. 

Trxade
Prime. Trxade Prime allows pharmacy members on the Trxade platform to process, consolidate and ship purchase orders that are
placed directly with Trxade suppliers via the Trxade Prime. This service is provided at no cost, with the goal of offering a single
tool with one low order minimum, one invoice, one package and one delivery from multiple quality wholesalers and distributors.
Revenue has been generated from this service though our Integra subsidiary, which provides the consolidation of the
orders. 

Bonum
Health Hub and Application . The Bonum Health Hub , a self-enclosed, free-standing virtual examination room, was
launched by the Company s wholly-owned Bonum Health, LLC subsidiary, in November 2019 and was expected to be operational in April
2020; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company does not anticipate installations moving forward, and has taken a write off
of the hubs purchased at June 30, 2021 in the amount of 143,891, which is included under loss on inventory investments in the statement
of operations for Fiscal 2021. 

The
 Bonum Health app, which provides an overall healthcare experience comparable to a Primary Care practitioner, and
an online portal as a personal electronic medical record and scheduling system is available on a subscription basis, primarily as a stand-alone
telehealth software application that can be licensed on a business-to-business (B2B) model to clients as an employment health benefit
for the clients employees. Revenue has been generated from this service through our Bonum subsidiary. 

Bonum+
Business to Business (B2B). Bonum+ bundles telehealth, a COVID-19 risk assessment tool and a Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
purchasing tool, through a secure mobile dashboard for corporate clients. The B2B platform eases pressure on employees who are required
to report any relevant health issues daily, centralizing communication and contact tracing to deliver risk scores. This allows employers
to monitor employee COVID-19 risk profiles and streamlines the ordering of new PPE as needed. An integrated artificial intelligence (AI)
tool offers health recommendations and connects employees with board certified physicians, as needed. To date, we have not generated
any revenue from this product. 

MedCheks
Health Passport . The Health Passport is a patient-centered, digital, precision healthcare platform that lets patients consolidate
and control their health data via a digital Health Passport and allows them to share their health profile, tests and vaccinations simply
and safely. Secured in a blockchain, the Health Passport includes health and vaccination status verification via a QR code, which is
available for travel, entry into stadiums, concert venues, events, offices, industrial plants, warehouses, and other physical access
points. The Passport stores all of a user s health records securely in one place. We have not generated any revenue from this product
to date and the product was discontinued at the end of December 2021. We previously owned 100 of MedCheks, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company which was formed in January 2021, had no revenue in 2021 and was dissolved in December 2021. 

SOSRx,
LLC. On February 15, 2022, the Company entered into a relationship with Exchange Health, LLC, a technology company providing an online
platform for manufacturers and suppliers to sell and purchase pharmaceuticals Exchange Health ). SOSRx LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company SOSRx ), was formed, which is owned 51 by the Company and 49 by Exchange Health.
SOSRx did not generate material revenue and in February of 2023, subsequent to Fiscal 2022, the Company voluntarily withdrew from the
joint venture agreement. The asset impairment is reflected in the statement of operations for Fiscal 2022 as impairment of intangible
asset. Additionally, the Company contributed a cash investment of 275,000 in February of 2022 when the joint venture was formed. The
Company did not recover this investment as part of the withdrawal settlement. 

All
of our product offerings are focused on the United States markets. Some products are restricted just to certain states, depending upon
the various applicable state regulations and guidelines pertaining to pharmaceuticals, particularly, and drug businesses, generally.
Our services are distributed through our online platform. 

11 

Organizational
Structure 

The
diagram below depicts our current organizational structure: 

The
Pharmaceutical Industry 

According
to the NCPA 2020 Digest Report, United States pharmaceutical companies comprise a burgeoning estimated 685 billion industry by
2023, consisting of over 65,000 pharmacy facilities. Management believes that few platforms are currently in place to bring these participants
together to share market knowledge, product pricing transparency and product availability. According to this, the pharmaceutical market
is comprised primarily of three wholesalers that control an estimated approximately 92 of the market. Our management believes that this
concentration has, over the years, led to a lack of price and cost transparency, thereby resulting in severe limitations on the purchasing
choices of industry participants. These market dynamics have enabled these large wholesalers (McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen),
known as ADR distributors, to dominate the industry with respect to both generic and brand pharmaceuticals. 

To
fuel this change, insurance companies (Pharmacy Benefits Management PBM and private health payers) and the federal
government have initiated lower medication reimbursement payments to healthcare providers. We believe that pharmacies face increasing
pressure to source medications as inexpensively as possible and improve operational efficiency. Trxade seeks to be in the forefront of
solving these transparency and pricing concerns by providing independent, retail pharmacies with real-time, pharmacy acquisition cost PAC benchmarks to the National Drug Code (the NDC standard. The NDC mark is a unique product
identifier used in the United States for drugs intended for human use. 

Competitive
Business Conditions, Our Competitive Position in our Industry, and our Methods of Competition 

We
expect to face competition from the three large ADR distributors (McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen), other pharmaceutical
distributors, buying groups, software products, and other start-up companies. Most of our competitors operations have substantially
greater financial- and manufacturer-backed resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and more established relationships
in the industry. 

Other
Start-up Companies Which Provide Competitive Services 

We
have identified start-ups that provide for supplier-pharmacy trading such as PharmaBid, RxCherrypick, PharmSaver, MatchRx and GenericBid,
and provide web-based services similar to ours, allowing pharmacies to buy from several suppliers. Trxade differentiates itself from
these exchanges by providing our pharmacies with both brand and generic pharmaceutical products. Additional companies target direct-to-consumer 
pharmacy deliveries, including Amazon.com s PillPack , Capsule, Costplusdrugs, and GetRoman.com . 

Buying
Groups 

Buying
Groups provide discounted prices to their members by negotiating better pricing with one primary wholesaler, while charging administrative
fees generally ranging from 3 to 5 percent. Some Buying Groups are structured like co-operatives (such as Independent Pharmacy Cooperative
(IPC) and American Pharmacy Cooperative, Inc. (APCI)) and offer their members monthly or quarterly rebates. Although they can function
well to bring pricing competition to the industry, they often offer rebates only after the purchase. Management does not believe Buying
Groups will provide long-term savings to customers with this model given the increased transparency and competition in the industry. 

12 

Pharmaceutical
Software 

Some
pharmaceutical software companies compete with us to varying degrees at different levels. SureCost, for example, provides inventory management
software enabling pharmacies to comply with primary supplier contracts. This software is fee-based and requires training. 

Pharmacies
may be reluctant to buy pharmaceuticals on the internet due to the historical negativity and uncertainty with respect to the origin and
purity of drugs purchased off the web. Trxade management believes that as we continue to develop our brand, our customer base, and our
vast product offerings, we will gain the trust of the market and overcome the negativity associated with purchasing via a pharmaceutical
online marketplace. 

One
advantage that we believe we have over our competition is our ability to be flexible and fast moving in adjusting our business model
to address the needs of our customer base. Trxade started by offering pharmacies a reverse auction model to enhance savings on the purchase
of their pharmaceuticals. Customer feedback suggested that pharmacies prefer a more buy now format, which we implemented.
This resulted in a one-stop-one-search platform to buy quality pharmaceuticals for less and a data-rich platform
to help pharmacies overcome the complexities related to supply chain purchasing. 

Telehealth
Providers 

We
also anticipate facing competition in the telehealth industry (in connection with Bonum Health from current and future health
care companies in the telehealth market including, Teladoc Health, Inc., MDLive, Inc., American Well Corporation and Grand Rounds, Inc.,
among other smaller industry participants. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials; Principal Suppliers 

Trxade
is a web-based technology platform. Because we are not a manufacturing company, we do not need any raw materials. Our module on the platform
is drug supplier-to-retailer. We bring buyers and sellers together on this platform. Our suppliers include National Apothecary Solutions,
Integral RX, and South Pointe Wholesale, Inc. 

Dependence
on One or More Major Customers 

As
of the date of this filing, we have approximately 14,400+ registered members and over 30 pharmaceutical suppliers as customers, with
an estimated market potential of approximately 20,000+ independent pharmacies and 1,500 regional and local suppliers. We have a working
relationship with over 25 wholesalers and the nation s largest buying group. Although we believe those entities are satisfied
with their business relationship with Trxade, if our buying group and two or three of the largest wholesalers decided no longer to do
business with Trxade, the resulting supplier void would materially and adversely affect our competitiveness in the marketplace. 

Intellectual
Property 

Although
we believe that our name and brand are protected by applicable state common law trademark laws, we do not currently have any patents,
concessions, licenses, royalty agreements, or franchises, provided that we do currently maintain a number of registered trademarks and
our pharmaceutical pricing benchmarks, PAC. Our business operates under a proprietary software system which includes trade
secrets within our database, business practices and pricing model. We also maintain a number of websites. 

We
believe that we have taken all necessary steps to protect our proprietary rights, but no assurance can be given that we will be able
to successfully enforce or protect our rights in the event that they are infringed upon by a third party. 

Need
for Government Approval of Products and Services 

We
are required to hold business licenses and to follow applicable state and federal government regulations detailed herein. In October
2018, we acquired Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, an accredited independent retail pharmacy with a focus on specialty medications,
which requires state approval, which have been obtained in 36 states. 

13 

Effect
of Existing or Probable Government Regulations on the Business 

Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 

On
August 16, 2022, President Joe Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, lowering the cost of prescription drugs. The
law will also phase in a cap for out-of-pocket costs for prescriptions and establish a 35 monthly cap per prescription for insulin covered
by a Medicare prescription drug plan and insulin delivered through traditional pumps. Other items included in the law provide for 0
out-of-pocket expense for certain adult vaccines including the shingles vaccine, Medicare rebates to be paid by companies to Medicare
beneficiaries if the increase drug prices at a rate larger than the rate of inflation, and also allows the Secretary of HHS the power
to negotiate prices for select high-cost prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries. These restrictions to out-of-pocket expenses,
monthly caps, and control of prescription drug prices may be too significant for many smaller suppliers and pharmacies to overcome. 

The
Ryan Haight Act 

On
April 6, 2009, the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA published the interim final rule of the Ryan Haight Oline Pharmacy
Consumer Protection Act of 2008 (The Act ), the final rule was effective October 30, 2020. The Act requires an in-person medical
evaluation for prescribing practitioners and modified registration requirements for online pharmacies that distribute controlled substances.
The Act also assigns responsibility to distributors to avoid supplying pharmacies that service customers of inappropriate websites and
requires distributors to have responsibility to know pharmacy buying patterns and to confirm their compliance with modified pharmacy
registration requirements. The burden of the additional cost to online pharmacies to comply with the modified registration requirements
may be too much and the risks to distributors to supply controlled substances to pharmacies that have websites may be too great. 

Proposed
Rule by DEA on 11/17/2021 re: Regulation of Telepharmacy Practice 

On
November 17, 2021, the DEA published advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to obtain further information regarding the practice of telepharmacy.
Telepharmacy is not specifically defined by the Controlled Substances Act CSA or DEA regulations. However, to the extent
that telepharmacies dispense controlled substances, they are under the purview of the CSA and DEA. The DEA has opened the comment period
to January 18, 2022, to obtain information in an effort to be fully informed about the practice, industry, and state regulation of telepharmacy.
New regulations could have an impact on pharmacies and could affect our business. 

Federal
Drug Administration Guidelines 

On
April 12, 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987 (PDMA), setting the baseline for
wholesale distribution regulations. The final regulations were published in 1999, establishing the minimum wholesale distribution requirements
for state licensure. With the intent to prevent the introduction and retail sale of substandard, ineffective, or counterfeit drugs into
the distribution system, state licensing systems moved to update their standards to match those provided federally as guided under FDA s
Guidelines for State Licensing of Wholesale Prescription Drug Distributors (21 CFR 205). PDMA established minimum federal pedigree requirements
to trace the ownership of prescription drugs through the supply chain. The principal goal of the PDMA was to further secure the nation s
drug supply from counterfeit and substandard prescription drugs. The law establishes two types of distributors: Authorized
distributor[s] of record or ADRs; and Unauthorized distributor[s], such as wholesalers. The pedigree
requirement was to require each person engaged in the wholesale distribution of a prescription drug in interstate commerce, who is not
the manufacturer or an authorized distributor of record for that drug, to provide a pedigree to the recipient. After meeting resistance
from various stakeholders, the FDA delayed the effective date of the regulations several times, until final implementation in December
2006. 

At
the federal level the implementation of the track and trace legislation which went into effect in 2018, requires the use of pharmaceutical
pedigree to track the movement of pharmaceuticals along the supply chain. The costs of complying with this new legislation may be too
burdensome for many of the smaller suppliers. 

State
Drug Administration Guidelines 

There
are a number of national and state-wide regulations that have an effect on our business. All drug wholesalers must be licensed under
state licensing systems, which must in turn meet the FDA guidelines under State Licensing of Wholesale Prescription Drug Distributors
(21 CFR Part 205). The regulations set forth minimum requirements for prescription drug storage and security as well as for the treatment
of returned, damaged, and outdated prescription drugs. Further, wholesale drug distributors must establish and maintain inventories and
records of all transactions regarding the receipt and distribution of prescription drugs and make these available for inspection and
copying by authorized federal, state, or local law enforcement officials. In most states, wholesale distributor licenses are issued by
the State Boards of Pharmacy and require periodic renewal. Approximately 40 states also require out-of-state wholesalers that distribute
drugs within their borders to be licensed as well. 

14 

On
February 4, 2022, the FDA published a proposed rule to set national standards for the licensing of prescription drug wholesale distributors
and third-party logistics providers. The comment period was open until June 6, 2022. New regulations and requirements for wholesale distributors
and third-party logistics providers could be too burdensome and could impact our registered suppliers on the Trxade platform. 

California,
Florida, Nevada, New Mexico and Indiana define the normal distribution channel to not include the lateral sales of pharmaceuticals between
wholesalers. The Supply Chain Act, part of the Quality Drug Act, which was signed into federal law in December 2013, precludes all states
from restricting, investigating or inspecting the distribution channel and transactional history. Until the federal government provides
guidelines for the new federal law, no state regulation or guideline exists. 

The
warehousing of pharmaceuticals is also restricted and requires additional state licenses. Some licenses require bonds and written exams
and may take some time to approve. Currently, Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC, our wholesale distributor, asks for formal pedigrees from
the ADR wholesalers and provides pedigrees to those entities they sell to in the marketplace. This requirement limits liability and provides
assurance if a recall is warranted that Trxade and its participants will receive value for the commodity. 

Our
national wholesale supply partners are able to fulfill orders on our platform in real-time and provide pharmacies with cost-saving payment
terms and next-day delivery capabilities in unrestrictive states under the Model State Pharmacy Act and Model Rules of the National Association
of Boards of Pharmacy (Model Act). 

Potential
New Regulations; Price Gouging Rules 

In
addition to the above, regulatory mandates in response to certain unexpected events, such as viral outbreaks, could negatively impact
sales. For example, in December 2019 an outbreak of a coronavirus surfaced in China and resulted in governments around the world adopting
restrictions on public gatherings, travel and restrictions on companies (including our) ability to conduct normal business operations. 

Price
gouging may be an issue in the coming months due to the continued effects of the coronavirus and responses thereto and supply chain issues
associated therewith and separately; as of the date of this Report, 42 states have enacted price gouging laws of one kind or another.
The laws vary from state to state, but one constant throughout is a prohibition to charge excessive or unconscionable 
prices for consumer goods. Some states define excessive or unconscionable while others define what makes
a prima facie case for price gouging and what constitutes a prima facie defense, shifting the burden of proof to the accuser. In almost
all of the 42 states with price gouging laws on the books, a price is excessive or unconscionable if the price of a good has increased,
in some states by a certain percentage, over the price of the good prior to the onset of the abnormal disruption of the market. Some
states have clearly excepted from the price gouging definition a rise in prices caused by an increase in the merchant s cost of
delivering that good for sale whether it be increased shipping costs, gasoline prices or simply the cost of the good itself.
Other states have less defined exceptions Virginia for example only treats the fact of increased input costs as a merchant s
prima facie defense to an accusation of price gouging. Several states except from the price gouging definition prices that do not exceed
a normal margin (i.e., the merchant s margin immediately prior to the market disruption) PLUS 10 . In general, while the law may
not specifically define what constitutes an unconscionably excessive price, the statutes typically provide that a price
may be unconscionably excessive if: the amount charged represents a gross disparity from the price such goods
or services were sold or offered for sale immediately prior to the onset of the abnormal disruption of the market. Merchants may provide
evidence that justifies their higher prices were justified by increased costs beyond their control. We will need to comply with the excessive
price statutes; as of the date of this Report, we believe we were in compliance with all 42 states price gouging laws. 

U.S.
Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

Federal
Stark Law 

We
are subject to the federal self-referral prohibitions, commonly known as the Stark Law. Where applicable, this law prohibits a physician
from referring Medicare patients to an entity providing designated health services if the physician or a member of such
physician s immediate family has a financial relationship with the entity, unless an exception applies. The penalties
for violating the Stark Law include the denial of payment for services ordered in violation of the statute, mandatory refunds of any
sums paid for such services, civil penalties, disgorgement and possible exclusion from future participation in the federally funded healthcare
programs. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s prohibitions may be subject to fines for each applicable
arrangement or scheme. The Stark Law is a strict liability statute, which means proof of specific intent to violate the law is not required.
In addition, the government and some courts have taken the position that claims presented in violation of the various statutes, including
the Stark Law can be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act (described below) based on the contention that a provider
impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules when submitting claims for reimbursement. A determination
of liability under the Stark Law could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

15 

Federal
Anti-Kickback Statute 

We
are also subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broadly worded and prohibits the knowing and willful
offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person covered
by Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable
under Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs or (iii) the purchasing, leasing or ordering or arranging or recommending purchasing,
leasing or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. In addition, a person
or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. Moreover,
the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes
a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act, as discussed below. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute can result
in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties and fines. Imposition of
any of these remedies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Federal
False Claims Act HIPAA 

The
federal False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly
presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false
statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. In addition, amendments in 1986 to the federal False Claims Act have made it
easier for private parties to bring qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against companies under the federal False Claims Act.
Penalties include significant civil monetary penalties for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal
government sustained because of the act of that person. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater
numbers of healthcare companies to have to defend a false claim action, pay fines, be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal
or state healthcare programs, or be subject to integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance,
as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. 

There
are other federal anti-fraud laws that that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute,
a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing
from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection
with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

Additionally,
HIPAA established two federal crimes for healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute
prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. The false statements
statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of either
of these statutes is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare
programs, or integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance. 

State
Fraud and Abuse Laws 

Several
states in which we operate have also adopted similar fraud and abuse laws as described above. The scope of these laws and the interpretations
of them vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. Some state
fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including patients and commercial insurers, not just those reimbursed
by a federally funded healthcare program. A determination of liability under such state fraud and abuse laws could result in fines and
penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Other
Healthcare Laws 

The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which we collectively refer to as HIPAA, established several separate
criminal penalties for making false or fraudulent claims to insurance companies and other non-governmental payors of healthcare services.
Under HIPAA, these two additional federal crimes are: Healthcare Fraud and False Statements Relating to Healthcare
Matters. The Healthcare Fraud statute prohibits knowingly and recklessly executing a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare
benefit program, including private payors. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion
from government sponsored programs. The False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying,
concealing or covering up a material fact by any trick, scheme or device or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement
in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. These provisions are intended to punish some
of the same conduct in the submission of claims to private payors as the federal False Claims Act covers in connection with governmental
health programs. 

In
addition, the Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes civil administrative sanctions for, among other violations, inappropriate billing
of services to federally funded healthcare programs and employing or contracting with individuals or entities who are excluded from participation
in federally funded healthcare programs. Moreover, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration,
including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), that the person knows or should know is likely to influence
the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services
may be liable for civil monetary penalties for each wrongful act. Moreover, in certain cases, providers who routinely waive copayments
and deductibles for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries can also be held liable under the Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims
Act, which can impose additional penalties associated with the wrongful act. One of the statutory exceptions to the prohibition is non-routine,
unadvertised waivers of copayments or deductible amounts based on individualized determinations of financial need or exhaustion of reasonable
collection efforts. Although this prohibition applies only to federal healthcare program beneficiaries, the routine waivers of copayments
and deductibles offered to patients covered by commercial payers may implicate applicable state laws related to, among other things,
unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference with patient contracts and statutory or common law fraud. 

16 

Climate
Change Regulation 

The
U.S. government and foreign governments are currently in the process of considering new or expanded laws to address climate change. Such
laws, if adopted, may include limitations on greenhouse gas GHG emissions, mandates that companies implement processes
to monitor and disclose climate-related matters, additional taxes or offset charges on specified energy sources, and other requirements.
Compliance with climate-related laws may be further complicated by different regulatory approaches and requirements in the various jurisdictions
in which we operate. New or expanded climate-related laws could impose substantial costs on us. Until the timing and extent of climate-related
laws are clarified, we cannot predict their potential effect on our capital expenditures or our results of operations. 

Environmental
Regulations 

Our
operations are subject to regulations under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws
addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the
cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and third-party
damage or personal injury claims, if in the future we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. We are not aware of
any costs or effects of our compliance with environmental laws. 

Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act 

In
April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides, among
other things: 

Exemptions
 for emerging growth companies from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years
 and provides a new form of financing to small companies; 

Amendments
 to certain provisions of the federal securities laws to simplify the sale of securities and increase the threshold number of record
 holders required to trigger the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; 

Relaxation
 of the general solicitation and general advertising prohibition for Rule 506 offerings; 

Adoption
 of a new exemption for public offerings of securities in amounts not exceeding 50 million; and 

Exemption
 from registration by a non-reporting company of offers and sales of securities of up to 1,000,000 that comply with rules to be adopted
 by the SEC pursuant to Section 4(6) of the Securities Act and exemption of such sales from state law registration, documentation
 or offering requirements. 

In
general, under the JOBS Act a company is an emerging growth company if its initial public offering IPO of common equity securities was affected after December 8, 2011, and the company had less than 1.07 billion of total annual gross revenues
during its last completed fiscal year. A company will no longer qualify as an emerging growth company after the
earliest of 

(i) 
 the
 completion of the fiscal year in which the company has total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more, 

(ii) 
 the
 completion of the fiscal year of the fifth anniversary of the company s IPO; 

(iii) 
 the
 company s issuance of more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt in the prior three-year period, or 

(iv) 
 the
 company becoming a larger accelerated filer as defined under the Exchange Act. 

The
JOBS Act provides additional new guidelines and exemptions for non-reporting companies and for non-public offerings. Those exemptions
that impact the Company are discussed below. 

17 

Financial
Disclosure. The financial disclosure in a registration statement filed by an emerging growth company pursuant
to the Securities Act, will differ from registration statements filed by other companies as follows: 

(i) 
 audited
 financial statements required for only two fiscal years (provided that smaller reporting companies such as the
 Company are only required to provide two years of financial statements); 

(ii) 
 selected
 financial data required for only the fiscal years that were audited (provided that smaller reporting companies 
 such as the Company are not required to provide selected financial data as required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K); and 

(iii) 
 executive
 compensation only needs to be presented in the limited format now required for smaller reporting companies . 

However,
the requirements for financial disclosure provided by Regulation S-K promulgated by the Rules and Regulations of the SEC already provide
certain of these exemptions for smaller reporting companies. The Company is a smaller reporting company. Currently a smaller reporting
company is not required to file as part of its registration statement selected financial data and only needs to include audited financial
statements for its two most current fiscal years with no required tabular disclosure of contractual obligations. 

The
JOBS Act also exempts the Company s independent registered public accounting firm from having to comply with any rules adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB after the date of the JOBS Act s enactment, except
as otherwise required by SEC rule. 

The
JOBS Act further exempts an emerging growth company from any requirement adopted by the PCAOB for mandatory rotation
of the Company s accounting firm or for a supplemental auditor report about the audit. 

Internal
Control Attestation. The JOBS Act also provides an exemption from the requirement of the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm to file a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, although management of the Company
is still required to file its report on the adequacy of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Section
102(a) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from the requirements in 14A(e) of the Exchange Act
for companies with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act to hold stockholder votes for executive compensation and golden
parachutes. 

Other
Items of the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can communicate with potential
investors that are qualified institutional buyers or institutions that are accredited to determine interest in a contemplated offering
either prior to or after the date of filing the respective registration statement. The JOBS Act also permits research reports by a broker
or dealer about an emerging growth company regardless of whether such report provides sufficient information for
an investment decision. In addition, the JOBS Act precludes the SEC and FINRA from adopting certain restrictive rules or regulations
regarding brokers, dealers and potential investors, communications with management and distribution of research reports on the emerging
growth company s initial public offerings (IPOs). 

Section
106 of the JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies to submit registration statements under the Securities Act
on a confidential basis provided that the registration statement and all amendments thereto are publicly filed at least 21 days before
the issuer conducts any road show (which time period has since been reduced to 15 days). This is intended to allow emerging
growth companies to explore the IPO option without disclosing to the market the fact that it is seeking to go public or disclosing
the information contained in its registration statement until the company is ready to conduct a roadshow. 

Election
to Opt Out of Transition Period. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being
required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities
Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to
comply with the new or revised financial accounting standard. 

The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to
non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of the transition
period. 

18 

Status
as Emerging Growth Company . Our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act occurred on or around May 2019. As such, we will remain an emerging growth company, until no later than December 31, 2024,
the completion of the fiscal year of the fifth anniversary of the Company s IPO. 

Research
and Development. 

During
the last two fiscal years, Trxade.com, DelivMeds and Bonum Health have been developed as proprietary software. In Fiscal
2022, management determined that the research and development costs could be capitalized due to the stage of development for
DelivMeds. The capitalized asset for Fiscal 2022 was 450,845. For Fiscal 2021 509,210 was spent by the Company in
research and development activities, which were included in technology expenses. None of these expenses were borne directly by
customers. 

Employees 

Currently,
we have approximately 33 full-time employees and one part time employee. Our compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees
with performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior results. The
structure of our compensation programs balances incentives earnings for both short-term and long-term performance such as health
insurance, paid time off and flexibility schedules. To empower employees to unleash their potential, we provide onboarding training,
development mentorship with C-suite executives, and one on one coaching. The Company believes that its rich culture of inclusion and
diversity enables it to create, develop and fully leverage the strength of its workforce to exceed customer expectation and meet its
growth objectives. The Company places a high value on diversity and inclusion. 

We
also utilize numerous outside consultants. Our future success will depend partially on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. We consider
our relations with our employees and consultants to be satisfactory. 

Seasonality 

Our
business is not directly affected by seasonal fluctuations but is affected indirectly by the fall and winter flu season, to the extent
it leads to an increased demand for certain generic pharmaceuticals. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including those highlighted in the section
titled Risk Factors immediately following this summary. These risks include, among others, the following: 

We
 have in the past been adversely affected by COVID-19 and may in the future be adversely affected
 by COVID-19 and/or governmental responses thereto, as well as supply chain issues relating
 thereto; 
 
 We
 are currently unprofitable, have generated net losses, and we may incur losses in the future; 
 
 We
 may need additional financing in the future, which may not be available on favorable terms,
 if at all; 
 
 We
 may not be able to manage our future growth; 
 
 Many
 of our competitors are better established and have resources significantly greater than ours; 
 
 We
 face risks associated with our operations within the pharmaceutical distribution market; 
 
 We
 are dependent on our current management; 
 
 We
 rely on third party contracts, which may not be renewed or may be terminated; 
 
 We
 are currently facing and may in the future face difficulties in sourcing products and inventory
 due to a variety of causes; 
 
 We
 have in the past, and may in the future, not be able to sell our inventory, at or above the
 price we acquired such inventory for, have in the past, and may in the future, be forced
 to write-down inventory and certain of our other assets which may have a material adverse
 effect on our balance sheet; 
 
 We
 have in the past, and may in the future, not receive products or receive refunds for deposited
 amounts and have experienced losses in connection with such deposits; 

19 

We
 may be subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which are
 extremely costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our
 ability to operate; 
 
 Our
 business and operations depend on the proper functioning of information systems, critical
 facilities and distribution networks and a disruption, cyber-attack, failure or destruction
 of such networks, systems, or technologies may disrupt our business or result in liability; 
 
 There
 may be losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including
 personally identifiable information, that could subject the Company to significant reputational,
 financial, legal and operational consequences; 
 
 We
 face risks associated with our business in the telehealth market, including risks associated
 with legal challenges, relationships with third parties and affiliated professionals, our
 network of qualified providers, competition for services; new technologies, failure to develop
 widespread brand awareness and regulatory risks from the Office of Inspector General, U.S.
 Department of Health and Human Services (OIG) and the United States Department of Justice
 (DOJ) around the practice of telehealth and expiring COVID-19 waivers; 
 
 Our
 certificate of incorporation limits the liability of our officers and directors and provides
 for indemnification rights, mandatory forum selection provisions and limits the ability of
 stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 
 We
 incur significant costs to ensure compliance with U.S. and NASDAQ Capital Market reporting
 and corporate governance requirements; 
 
 We
 are not currently in compliance with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements and may
 not be able to maintain the listing of our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market; 
 
 Regulatory
 changes that affect our distribution channels could harm our business; 
 
 Healthcare
 fraud laws are often vague and uncertain, exposing us to potential liability; 
 
 New
 and expanded laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business operations,
 cash flows or future prospects; 
 
 The
 public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication could have
 a material negative effect on our business; 
 
 Consolidation
 in the U.S. healthcare industry may negatively impact our results of operations; 
 
 We
 have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and
 controls and procedures; 
 
 There
 may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to
 sell their shares. The market price of our common stock may continue to be volatile; 
 
 Stockholders
 may experience dilution to future equity sales, the exercise or conversion of outstanding
 convertible securities or future transactions; 
 
 Our
 results of operations are subject to rising inflation, rising interest rates, governmental
 responses thereto and possible recessions caused thereby; 
 
 Our
 Chief Executive Officer and President are our two largest stockholders and, as a result,
 they can exert significant control over us and have actual or potential interests that may
 differ from yours; 
 
 Risks
 associated with the JOBS Act and our status as an emerging growth company; 
 
 Risks
 associated with future acquisitions, including unknown liabilities and difficulty integrating
 such acquisitions; 
 
 Cyber
 security attacks and website problems; 
 
 There
 is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 
 We
 may see a plateau in our Tele-Vet services offering due to a lack of providers as we are
 not marketing the service; 
 
 There
 may be changes in state law concerning the definition of Tele-Vet services
 which may hinder our ability to provide services without an in-person visit to establish
 care. This is known as establishing a veterinarian-client-patient relationship (VCPR); 
 
 Claims,
 litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings that may adversely affect our
 business and results of operations. 

Risk
Factors 

You
should be aware that there are substantial risks for an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors
before you decide to invest in our common stock. 

If
any of the following risks were to occur, such as our business, financial condition, results of operations or other prospects, any of
these could materially affect our likelihood of success. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline,
and prospective investors would lose all or part of their investment in our common stock . 

20 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below.
This section discusses factors that, individually or in aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected
and historical results. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these
risks. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the following description of Risk Factors is not a complete
discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties applicable to our business. 

We
were recently unprofitable, we have recently generated net losses, and we may incur losses in the future. 

Revenues
generated from our consolidated operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 11,448,265 and 9,889,433, respectively. 

We
incurred a net loss of 3,909,868 for Fiscal 2022, compared to a net loss of 5,315,883 for the Fiscal 2021. We may incur other losses
in the foreseeable future due to the significant costs associated with our business operations, including costs associated with maintaining
industry regulatory and licensure compliance. We also incur significant compliance costs associated with maintaining SEC regulatory and
financial reporting requirements; as well as costs to maintain minimum listing requirements of Nasdaq. We cannot assure you
that our operations will annually generate sufficient revenues to fund our continuing operations or to fully implement our business plan,
and thereafter sustain profitability in any future period. 

The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the start and growth of a business, the implementation and execution of our business plan, and the regulatory environment
affecting the distribution of pharmaceuticals in which we operate. 

We
need additional capital which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, which creates substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
historical financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. As of December 31,
2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 19.7 million. We have limited financial resources, as of December 31, 2022, we had working
capital of negative 0.053 million and a cash balance of 1.1 million. We will need to raise additional capital or secure debt funding
to support on-going operations. The sources of this capital are expected to be the sale of equity and debt, which may not be available
on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access additional
capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to grow and to generate future revenues, our financial position, and liquidity. These
matters, when considered in the aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
a reasonable period of time, which is defined as within one year after the date that our condensed financial statements are issued. The
financial statements incorporated by reference herein do not contain any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the classification
of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The doubt regarding
our potential ability to continue as a going concern may adversely affect our ability to obtain new financing on reasonable terms or
at all. Additionally, if we are unable to continue as a going concern, our stockholders may lose some or all of their investment in the
Company. 

Additional
financing may not be available to us when needed or, if available, it may not be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are
not able to obtain the necessary additional financing on a timely or commercially reasonable basis, we will be forced to delay or scale
down some or all of our development activities (or perhaps even cease the operation of our business). Our access to additional capital
may be negatively affected by future recessions, downturns in the economy or the markets as a whole, or inflation. 

If
we do not obtain additional financing, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

On
October 4, 2022 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a certain
institutional investor (the Purchaser ). The Purchase Agreement provided for the sale and issuance by the Company
of an aggregate of: (i) 920,000 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, 0.00001 par value (the
 Common Stock ), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 601,740
shares of Common Stock and (iii) warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Shares and the
Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities to purchase up to 2,663,045 shares of Common Stock. The offering price per
Share was 1.15 and the offering price per Pre-Funded Warrant was 1.14999. The Private Placement Warrants were sold in a concurrent
private placement (the Private Placement ), exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

21 

Management
anticipates that we will require additional working capital in the future to pursue continued development of products, services, and
marketing operations. We cannot accurately predict the timing and amount of such capital requirements. Additional financing may not
be available to us when needed or, if available, it may not be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, the recent
developments on the financial industry may impair our ability to obtain bank financings. If we are not able to obtain the necessary
additional financing on a timely or commercially reasonable basis, we will be forced to delay or scale down some or all of our
development activities (or perhaps even cease the operation of our business). Our access to additional capital may be negatively
affected by future recessions, downturns in the economy or the markets as a whole, or inflation. 

We
have no commitments for any additional financing, and such commitments may not be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. Any additional
equity financing will be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants with respect
to dividends, raising future capital, and other financial and operational matters. If we are unable to obtain additional financing as
needed, we may be required to reduce the scope of our operations or our anticipated expansion, which could have a material adverse effect
on us. 

If
we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants,
holders may exercise such Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. 

If
we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will be able to exercise them on a cashless basis .
As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be fewer
than it would have been had such holders exercised their Private Placement Warrants for cash. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
we have agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants (the Private Placement Warrant Shares ), as soon as practicable (and in any event within 60 calendar days of the
date of the Purchase Agreement), and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective within
181 days following the closing date of the offering of the Securities and to keep such registration statement effective at all times
until the investor holds no Private Placement Warrants or Private Placement Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof. However, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If the Private Placement Warrants are exercised on a cashless basis, we
will not receive any consideration from such exercises. 

Provisions
of the Private Placement Warrants could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party. 

Certain
provisions of the Private Placement Warrants could make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. The Private Placement
Warrants prohibit us from engaging in certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions unless, among other things,
the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Private Placement Warrants. Further, the Private Placement Warrants provide that,
in the event of certain transactions constituting fundamental transactions, with some exception, holders of such warrants
will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase such warrants at a price described in such warrants. These and other
provisions of the Private Placement Warrants could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could
be beneficial to you. 

The
Private Placement Warrants have certain anti-dilutive rights. 

The
Private Placement Warrants include full ratchet anti-dilutive rights in the event any shares of common stock or other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in common stock are granted, issued or sold (or the Company enters into any agreement to grant, issue or
sell), or in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement evidencing the Private Placement Warrants, are deemed to have granted,
issued or sold, in each case, at a price less than the exercise price, which automatically decreases the exercise price of the Warrants
upon the occurrence of such event, as described in greater detail in the warrant agreement, subject to a minimum exercise price of 0.232
per share. Such anti-dilution rights, if triggered, could result in a significant decrease in the exercise price of the Private Placement
Warrants, which could result in significant dilution to existing shareholders. 

22 

The
Private Placement Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of such Private Placement Warrants may have a material
effect on our financial results. 

Private
Placement Warrants, with certain terms as included in the Purchase Agreement should be accounted for as liability instruments. As a result,
the Company recorded warrant liability on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Under the liability accounting treatment, the Company
is required to measure the fair value of these instruments at the end of each reporting period and recognize changes in the fair value
from the prior period in the Company s operating results for the current period. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement,
our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly based on factors which are outside our control. In the event
the Private Placement Warrants are required to be accounted for under liability accounting treatment, we will recognize noncash gains
or losses due to the quarterly fair valuation of these warrants which could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on our earnings
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and/or our stockholders equity, which may make it harder for
us to, or prevent us from, meeting the continued listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
issuance and sale of common stock upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants may cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders
and may also depress the market price of our common stock . 

The
Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable for up to 2,633,045 shares of common stock, provided that the Private Placement Warrants
contain a provision limiting each holder s ability to exercise the warrants if such exercise would cause the holder s (or
any affiliate of any such holder) holdings in the Company to exceed 4.99 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common
stock (which may be increased or decreased with 61 days prior written notice from the holder, to up to 9.99 of the Company s issued
and outstanding shares of common stock). The ownership limitation does not prevent such holder from exercising some of the warrants,
selling those shares, and then exercising the rest of the warrants, while still staying below the 4.99 limit. In this way, the holder
of the warrants could sell more than this limit while never actually holding more shares than this limit allows. If the holder of the
warrants chooses to do this, it will cause substantial dilution to the then holders of our common stock. 

If
exercises of the warrants and sales of such shares issuable upon exercise thereof take place, the price of our common stock may decline.
In addition, the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may represent overhang that may also adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there is demand
for that stock. When this happens the price of the company s stock will decrease, and any additional shares which shareholders
attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. If the share volume of our common stock cannot absorb shares
sold by the warrant holders, then the value of our common stock will likely decrease. 

Our
business is subject to rigorous regulatory and licensing requirements. 

As
described in greater detail in Item 1. Business , above, our business is highly regulated in the United States, at
both the federal and state level, and in foreign countries. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if allegations are
made that we fail to comply, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

To
lawfully operate our businesses, we are required to obtain, and hold permits, product registrations, licenses and other regulatory approvals
from, and to comply with operating and security standards of, numerous governmental bodies. For example, as a wholesale distributor of
controlled substances, we must hold valid DEA registrations and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards,
and comply with the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Failure to maintain or renew necessary permits, product registrations, licenses
or approvals, or to comply with required standards, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
We are also required to comply with various state pricing gouging laws. Products that we source and distribute must also comply with
regulatory requirements. 

Noncompliance
or concerns over noncompliance may result in suspension of our ability to distribute or import products, product bans, recalls or seizures,
or criminal or civil sanctions, which, in turn, could result in product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions. 

Many
of our competitors are better established and have resources significantly greater than we have, which may make it difficult to fend
off competition. 

We
expect to compete with the three largest ADR distributors (McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen), in addition to other pharmaceutical
distributors, buying groups, software products, and various start-up drug companies. Many of these companies have substantially greater
financial and manufacturer-backed resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships
in the industry than us. In addition, a number of these competitors may combine or form strategic partnerships. As a result, our competitors
may establish a more favorable footing in the pharmaceutical industry with respect to pricing or other factors. Our failure to compete
successfully with any of these companies would have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

23 

The
three distributors listed above have a strong control over our industry, as they have contracts with approximately 24,000 independent,
retail pharmacies that limit the participants ability to purchase pharmaceuticals outside of those primary distributors. Additional
restrictive elements exist within the pharmaceutical channels of distribution. For example, a number of the inventory management systems,
either developed by the distributors or third-party vendors, have been developed to require compliance to these restrictive purchasing
agreements. Management anticipates that other existing and prospective competitors will adopt technologies or business plans similar
to ours or seek other means to develop operations competitive with ours, particularly if our development of large-scale production progresses
as scheduled. 

We
will need to expand our member base or our profit margins to attain profitability. 

Currently,
we are paid an administrative fee of up to 6 percent of the buying price on the generic pharmaceuticals sold to pharmacies and up to
1 percent on brand pharmaceuticals that pass through our pharmaceutical exchanges. Our management is aware that the competitiveness
of the group of suppliers that participate in our system and price products on our exchange is a key factor in determining how many purchasing
pharmacies and wholesalers will purchase products through our platforms. However, price is not the only factor that influences where
retail pharmacies will obtain their product. Quality fulfillment services are also important, and retail pharmacies have historically
received quality fulfillment services from the three major ADR distributors. In order to be more competitive, we must improve our customer
service and wholesaler fulfillment efforts, because the independent retail pharmacy has for years considered this element of the fulfillment
process as important as price. Other factors influencing the pharmacies purchasing behavior in the future will be changes brought upon
by the ACA, which regulates some aspects of pharmaceutical spending and pricing. Management believes that we should benefit substantially
from our pricing and product knowledge that is offered by our platform. 

Profitability
may be further increased as a result of lower cost of goods, should the Company build stronger relationships with manufacturers and other
larger buying groups that serve wholesalers and distributors. On a larger scale, those margins are expected to drop depending upon the
breadth of products provided in the market and the sale turn rates required. We are currently undertaking a significant effort to increase
our membership base through attendance at annual conferences and other strategies. Trxade has an expanded e-mail marketing strategy based
on our competitive price advantages and price trend analysis tools. 

There
are inherent risks associated with our operations within the Pharmaceutical Distribution Market. 

There
are inherent risks involved with doing business within the pharmaceutical distribution market, including: 

Improperly
 manufactured products may prove dangerous to the end consumer. 

Products
 may become adulterated by improper warehousing methods or modes of shipment. 

Counterfeit
 products or products with fake pedigree papers. 

Unlicensed
 or unlawful participants in the distribution channel. 

Risk
 with default and the assumption of credit loss. 

Regulatory
 risks. 

Risk
 related to the loss of supply, or the loss of a number of suppliers, or in the delay of obtaining the supply of drugs. 

Although
all of our end-user agreements require our customers to indemnify us and for any and all liabilities resulting from our participation
in the pharmaceutical distribution industry, we cannot assure you that the parties required to provide such indemnification will have
the financial resources to do so. Additionally, although we have evaluated appropriate state statutes and federal laws pertaining
to pharmaceutical distribution in an effort to diminish our risks, the Board of Pharmacy for each state is responsible for interpreting
their state laws, and their interpretations may not comport with our analysis. It is also possible that any third-party logistics arrangements
may disrupt service, create a loss of income, or other unforeseen disruptions should the service provider experience any legal, financial
or other difficulties of their own. 

We
do not have a traditional credit facility with a financial institution, which may adversely impact our operations. 

We
do not have a traditional credit facility with a financial institution, such as a working line of credit. The absence of such a facility
could adversely impact our operations, as it may constrain our ability to have available the working capital for equipment purchases
or other operational requirements. If adequate funds are not otherwise available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate
portions of our business development efforts. Without credit facilities, we could be forced to cease operations and investors in our
securities could lose their entire investment. 

24 

We
offer limited credit to the pharmacies which limits the amount of the orders that they place and may result in us losing business and
a reduction in our revenues. 

We
currently offer a limited amount of credit to our members. Such limited credit reduces the risk that such members do not pay for products;
however, it also limits the amount of revenue we generate per member. We believe that if we were to increase the amount of credit we
provide to members we would generate more revenues, but bear more risk of non-payment. We are currently exploring increasing the amount
of credit we provide to members, which may in turn result in an increase in receivables and write-offs. 

We
are dependent upon our current management, who may have conflicts of interest. 

We
are dependent upon the efforts of our current management. All of our officers and directors have duties and affiliations with other companies.
Even though these companies are not competitors or involved in pharmaceutical distribution, involvement of our officers and directors
in other businesses may still present a conflict of interest regarding decisions they make for Trxade or with respect to the amount of
time available for Trxade. The loss of any of our officers or directors and, in particular, Mr. Prashant Patel, our President or Mr.
Suren Ajjarapu, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, could have a materially adverse effect upon our business and
future prospects. 

The
Company holds, on behalf of and for the benefit of Mr. Suren Ajjarapu, a personal disability insurance policy providing for a 1,500,000
lump sum benefit, payable to Mr. Ajjarapu, in the event of Mr. Ajjarapu s disability. The premiums on such policy will be paid
by the Company for so long as Mr. Ajjarapu is employed by the Company. 

The
Company also holds a 4,000,000 key-man life insurance policy on the life of Mr. Suren Ajjarapu, and a 1,500,000 lump sum disability
insurance policy on Mr. Ajjarapu, providing for the Company as beneficiary of such policies. 

While
our management team has considerable information technology and entrepreneurial experience, none of our management was involved in pharmaceutical
distribution prior to joining the Company and, as such, did not have any technical experience in pharmaceutical distribution prior to
joining us. In the event of the loss of Mr. Ajjarapu s services, we will seek to hire and retain a qualified professional. In the
event of the loss of his services in connection with his death, upon obtaining funding from the key-man life insurance, management intends
to hire qualified and experienced personnel. We may be unable to find a suitable or qualified replacement for Mr. Ajjarapu and as such
our operations and/or prospects may suffer. 

We
rely on third party contracts. 

We
depend on others to provide products and services to us. We do not manufacture pharmaceuticals and we do not sell pharmaceuticals to
the end consumer. We do not control these wholesalers, suppliers and purchasers, and although our arrangements with them will be terminable
or of limited length, a change may be difficult to implement. At this time, we have a working relationship with over 50 wholesalers and
the nation s largest buying group. Although we believe that those entities are satisfied with their business relationship with
Trxade, if our buying group and two or three of the wholesalers decided no longer to do business with us, that supplier void would materially
and adversely affect our competitiveness in the marketplace. 

We
depend on suppliers to make their drugs and other medical products available to us for resale and are subject to risks associated with
the availability of these drugs and other medical products. 

We
do not directly manufacture any of the products we sell and instead we rely on third parties to manufacture and/or procure such drugs
and other medical products for us to resell. Supply chain constraints have, and may in the future have, a negative impact on the availability
of drugs and medical products that we sell. Our supplier relationships could be interrupted, become less favorable to us or be terminated
and the supply of these drugs or products could be interrupted or become insufficient. Supply interruptions or other disruptions in manufacturing
processes could be caused by events beyond our control, including natural disasters, supplier facility shut-downs, defective raw materials,
the impact of epidemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19, and actions by U.S. or international governments, including export restrictions
or tariffs. A sustained supply reduction or interruption, and an inability to develop alternative and additional sources for such supply,
could result in lost sales, increased cost, damage to our reputation, and may have an adverse effect on our business. 

25 

We
may have difficulties in sourcing or selling products due to a variety of causes. 

We
might experience difficulties and delays in sourcing and selling products due to a variety of causes, such as: difficulties in complying
with the legal requirements for export or import of pharmaceuticals or supplies; suppliers failure to satisfy production demand;
manufacturing or supply problems such as inadequate resources; and real or perceived quality issues. Difficulties in product manufacturing
or access to raw materials could result in supplier production shutdowns, product shortages and other supply disruptions. The COVID-19
pandemic has adversely affected the availability of some products, resulting in product allocation and delivery delays. Any of these
risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. 

Rapid
technological change in our industry presents us with significant risks and challenges . 

Our
industry is characterized by rapid technological change, changing consumer requirements, short product lifecycles and evolving industry
standards. Our success will depend on our ability to develop or to acquire and market new services. There is no guarantee that we will
possess the resources, either financial or personnel, for the research, design and development of new applications or services, or that
we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance
that technological advances by one or more of our competitors or future competitors will not result in our present or future applications
and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. 

We
are currently facing and may in the future face difficulties in sourcing products and inventory due to a variety of causes. 

Due
to the continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the governmental responses to contain the spread of such virus, we have to date experienced
issues with the availability of certain products, resulting in product allocation and delivery delays, which has not to date, had a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. We might also experience difficulties and delays in sourcing products and inventory due
to a variety of causes in the future, such as: difficulties in complying with the legal requirements for export or import of pharmaceuticals
or components; suppliers failures to satisfy production demand; manufacturing or supply problems such as inadequate resources;
real or perceived quality issues; and advanced deposits which are at risk of return if product is not delivered. Difficulties in product
manufacturing or access to raw materials could result in supplier production shutdowns, product shortages and other supply disruptions.
Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. 

We
have in the past, and may in the future, not be able to sell our inventory, at or above the price we acquired such inventory for, and
have in the past, and may in the future, be forced to write-down inventory and certain of our other assets which may have a material
adverse effect on our balance sheet. 

Due
to the supply and demand nature of our pharmaceutical business and the personal protective equipment (PPE) business, especially in connection
with the rapidly changing regulations, recommendations and guidance surrounding COVID-19, the inventory of products we have acquired,
or may acquire in the future, has been/may be, acquired at a cost higher than the price at which we may be able to resell such products.
As a result, in the past we have, and in the future we may not be able to, make a profit on such sales and have in the past and may in
the future, have to write-down a significant portion of our inventory. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, write-down
to market value was 0 and 376,348 respectively. A significant write-down of assets may have a material adverse effect on our
balance sheet and results of operations. 

We
may not receive products or receive refunds for deposited amounts and may experience losses in connection with such deposits. 

We
might not receive products or the return of funds on deposits that have been provided. In the event we do not receive the return of our
deposits (through litigation or otherwise), this will cause us financial harm and as a result the Company has taken a significant charge
on our financial statements by taking a loss in the amount of such deposit amount. Additionally, in the future we may provide additional
deposits for products which may be material, which deposits may not be refunded timely, if at all, and which products may not be delivered,
or may be defective or unusable. Any significant losses of deposited funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and the value of our securities. 

In
July 2020, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Integra, entered into an agreement with Studebaker Defense Group, LLC Studebaker wherein Integra would pay Studebaker a down payment of 500,000 and Studebaker would deliver
180,000 boxes of nitrile gloves by August 14, 2020. Integra wired the 500,000 to Studebaker, but to date, Studebaker has not
delivered the gloves or provided a refund of the deposit. On December 31, 2020, we filed a complaint against Studebaker in Florida
state court, Case No. 20-CA-010118 in the Circuit Court for the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit in Hillsborough County, for among other
things, breach of contract. On January 29, 2021, Integra Pharma Solutions filed a motion for clerk s default against
Studebaker. On February 2, 2021, the clerk of court issued a default judgment against Studebaker. On March 4, 2021, Integra Pharma
Solutions filed a motion for final default judgment against Studebaker. On March 22, 2021, counsel for Studebaker filed a notice of
appearance in the case. On March 24, Studebaker filed a response in opposition to the motion for final judgment, and on March 25,
2021, Studebaker filed a motion to dismiss the case. On May 14, 2021, the Court denied Integra s motion for final default
judgment, granted Studebaker s motion to set aside the clerk s default, and denied Studebaker s motion to dismiss.
An amended answer and affirmative defenses were filed by Studebaker on October 14, 2021. Integra s motion to strike the
affirmative defenses, or in the alternative, motion for more definite statement is scheduled for hearing on April 27, 2022. We have
also scheduled the deposition of Studebaker s corporate representative on April 12, 2022, and moved to compel better answers
to outstanding discovery. The litigation remains pending and is in the discovery phase. Integra remains confident it can
successfully prosecute its claims against Studebaker on the merit. On June 30, 2021, the 500,000 was recorded as Loss on Inventory
Investment. 

26 

In
August 2020, Integra, entered into an agreement with Sandwave Group Dsn Bhd Sandwave ), wherein Integra would pay
Sandwave a down payment of 581,250 and Sandwave s supplier, Crecom Burj Group SDN BHD Crecom ), would deliver
150,000 boxes of nitrile gloves within 45 days. Integra wired the 581,250 to Sandwave, which in turn wired the purchase price to Crecom,
which Crecom accepted; however, to date, Crecom has not delivered the nitrile gloves. Integra demanded return of its 581,250 and Crecom
has acknowledged that Integra is entitled to a refund, but to date Crecom has failed to return Integra s money. In February 2021,
Integra filed a complaint against Crecom in Malaysia: Case No. WA-22NCC-55-02/2021 in the High Court of Malaysia at Kuala Lumpur in the
Federal Territory, Malaysia for the Malaysian equivalent of breach of contract. Crecom filed an appearance on March 1, 2021. In April
2021, an Application for Summary Judgment was filed with the court, and on May 25, 2021, the Court extracted the sealed application,
and a copy thereof was served on Crecom s attorneys and Crecom, 14 days later, filed an Affidavit in Reply with the court alleging
that there are issues to be tried and that this case must go to a full trial. On June 28, 2021, the court directed both parties to file
their written submissions/arguments in relation to the application for summary judgment on or before July 12, 2021, and scheduled a hearing
thereon for August 26, 2021. At the final hearing on October 18, 2021, the ruling for the summary judgment was denied and a trial date
is pending. The Company believes that it will prevail in the lawsuit filed; but the steps to enforce a judgment in Malaysia, if any,
may be cumbersome, time-consuming or costly. The Company cannot determine the timing of the judgment, nor the amount ultimately collected.
On June 30, 2021, the 581,250 was recorded as Loss on Inventory Investment. 

On
May 20, 2022, effective as of May 18, 2022, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC CSP entered into an agreement to acquire COVID-19 testing kits (the CSP Test Kits from a third party vendor for an
aggregate of 1,200,000, of which 875,000 was paid on May 23, 2022. The Company received the CSP Test Kits in July of 2022. On August
18, 2022, the Company was informed by the vendor that the vendor had received a letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA that the CSP Test Kits were misbranded under Section 502(o) of the Federal Food. Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act (21 USC 352(o)) and adulterated under Section 501(f) of the FDC Act (21 USC 351(f)). Furthermore, the vendor informed the Company that
the letter from the FDA also stated that because of the FDA s prohibition on the distribution of adulterated and/or misbranded
devices applies to all parties along the distribution chain, the FDA was advising the vendor against furthering the distribution of the
CSP Test Kits in interstate commerce. At this time the Company has informed the vendor that it expects the vendor to provide a full return
of the 875,000 paid on May 23, 2022, along with any additional damages that the Company may incur. As of December 31, 2022, 875,250
was recorded as a loss on inventory investment in the statement of operations for Fiscal 2022. 

Our
quarterly results have in the past, and may in the future, fluctuate significantly due to certain non-recurring sales of products. 

Our
quarterly revenues have in the past and may in the future fluctuate significantly due to certain non-recurring sales of personal protective
equipment (PPE) and other products and associated costs of revenues therewith, which may be compounded in our year over year financial
results. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful
and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

Our
investments in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. 

We
have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. Such endeavors may involve significant
risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated
with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, distraction of management from current operations, and unidentified
issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits
of such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that
such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
To date we have taken losses and/or write-downs on several businesses, products, services, and technologies. For example. 

27 

a) 
 We
 had 725,973 of loss on impairment of goodwill for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, in connection with the acquisition of
 Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC; 

b) 
 We
 designed and invested resources into the Bonum Health Hub , a self-enclosed, free standing virtual examination room,
 which was launched by the Company s wholly-owned Bonum Health, LLC, in November 2019 and was expected to be operational in
 April 2020; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company does not anticipate installations moving forward, and has taken a
 write off of the hubs purchased at June 30, 2021 in the amount of 143,891, which is included under loss on inventory investments
 in the statement of operations for Fiscal 2021; and 

c) 
 We
 also used resources and funding to create a Health Passport application during 2020 and 2021, which was planned to store a user s
 health and vaccination status and allow confirmation thereof via a QR code; however, we did not generate any revenue from this product
 and the product was discontinued at the end of December 2021; 

d) 
 We
 had 792,500 of loss on impairment of intangible assets related to our investment in the joint venture SOSRx, LLC formed in February
 of 2022. The subsidiary did not generate material revenue and in February of 2023, subsequent to the Fiscal 2022, the Company voluntarily
 withdrew from the joint venture agreement. The asset impairment is reflected in the statement of operations for the Fiscal 2022 as
 impairment of intangible asset. Additionally, the Company contributed a cash investment of 275,000 in February of 2022 when the
 joint venture was formed, the Company did not recover this investment as part of the withdrawal settlement; 

e) 
 We
 recorded a loss of 875,250 in connection with CSP Test Kits purchased for our Community Specialty Pharmacy that were later deemed
 inappropriate for distribution by the FDA. The Company plans to attempt to recover this amount from the vendor in 2023, however the
 inventory was written down and was recorded as loss on inventory investment in the statement of operations for Fiscal 2022. 

The
use of resources for new businesses and new products, services, and technologies, to the extent such new businesses and new products,
services, and technologies do not generate revenues or profits may take management s focus and time away from more profitable endeavors,
may require the Company to take significant write-downs or write-offs, may take funding away from the Company s other operations
or growth opportunities, which may ultimately be more profitable, and may have a material adverse effect on the Company s cash
flows, liquidity and revenues, any or all of which may cause the value of the Company s securities to decline in value or become
worthless. 

Risks
Relating to Our Information Systems; Technology and Intellectual Property 

We
may be subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which are extremely costly to defend and could require
us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 

Companies
primarily conducting their business on the internet, in the technology sector, and other patent and trademark holders seeking to profit
from royalties in connection with grants of licenses, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently
enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. There may be intellectual
property rights held by others, including issued or pending patents and trademarks, that cover significant aspects of our technologies,
content, branding or business methods. Any intellectual property claims against us, regardless of merit, could be time-consuming and
expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject
us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology, content, branding or business methods
found to be in violation of another party s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual
property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot license or develop technology,
content, branding or business methods for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we may be unable to compete effectively. Even
if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which could increase our operating expenses. We may also
be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, content, branding or business methods, which could require significant
effort and expense and be inferior. Any of these results could harm our operating results. 

28 

Our
business and operations depend on the proper functioning of information systems, critical facilities and distribution networks. 

We
rely on our and third-party service providers information systems for a wide variety of critical operations, including to obtain,
rapidly process, analyze and manage data to: 

facilitate
 the purchase and distribution of inventory items from distribution centers; 

receive,
 process and ship orders on a timely basis; 

manage
 accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; 

process
 payments to suppliers; and 

generate
 financial information. 

Our
business also depends on the proper functioning of our critical facilities and our distribution networks. Our results of operations could
be adversely affected if our or a service provider s information systems, critical facilities or distribution networks are disrupted
(including disruption of access), are damaged or fail, whether due to physical disruptions, such as fire, natural disaster, pandemic
or power outage, or due to cyber-security incidents, ransomware or other actions of third parties, including labor strikes, political
unrest and terrorist attacks. Manufacturing disruptions also can occur due to regulatory action, production quality deviations, safety
issues or raw material shortages or defects, or because a key product or component is manufactured at a single manufacturing facility
with limited alternate facilities. 

We
rely on network and information systems and other technologies and a disruption, cyber-attack, failure or destruction of such networks,
systems, or technologies may disrupt our business or result in liability. 

Network
and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our computer, data back-up and processing systems, network
management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related
events, such as computer hackings, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns,
denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power
outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services or
damage to our properties, equipment and data. These events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties,
networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. 

The
risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring has intensified, in part because we maintain certain information
necessary to conduct our businesses in digital form stored on cloud servers. While we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent
systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems are costly and requires
ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite these
efforts, there can be no assurance that these events and security breaches will not occur in the future. Moreover, we may provide certain
confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our businesses, and while we obtain assurances
that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information could be compromised. 

If
any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or
replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions,
which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to
make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, some of which are significant. Upgrades involve
replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with
new functionality. Implementing new systems carries significant potential risks, including failure to operate as designed, potential
loss or corruption of data or information, cost overruns, implementation delays, disruption of operations, and the potential inability
to meet business and reporting requirements. While we are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems and believe
we are taking reasonable action to mitigate known risks, these technology initiatives may not be deployed as planned or may not be timely
implemented without disruption to our operations. 

29 

In
the past, we had an incident with an email account being compromised and an attempt was made to get us to wire outgoing money. We
did not fall victim to the attempt, conducted a thorough investigation, performed cleanup procedures, and instituted additional security
measures to mitigate the risk of this incident from occurring in the future. Risk mitigation includes the board of directors inquiring
with the information technology department on the status of cyber risks management, on a quarterly basis. 

There
may be losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personally identifiable information, that
could subject the Company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences. 

The
Company s business requires it to use, transmit and store confidential information including, among other things, personally identifiable
information PII with respect to the Company s customers and employees. The Company devotes significant resources
to network and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and
data. But these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information
occur and could materially adversely affect the Company s reputation, financial condition and operating results. The Company s
business also requires it to share confidential information with third parties. Although the Company takes steps to secure confidential
information that is provided to third parties, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to or releases
of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the Company s reputation, financial condition and operating
results. 

For
example, the Company may experience a security breach impacting the Company s information technology systems that compromises the
confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information. Such an incident could, among other things, impair the Company s
ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, impact the Company s stock price, materially damage supplier
relationships, and expose the Company to litigation or government investigations, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments
against the Company. 

The
Company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to
or loss of sensitive data. As with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and may be vulnerable
to hacking, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. In addition to the risks relating
to general confidential information described above, the Company is also subject to specific obligations relating to health data and
payment card data. Health data is subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements, and the Company can be
subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the Company s compliance with these obligations. If the Company fails to
adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data is handled in a manner not permitted by law or under the Company s
agreements with healthcare institutions, the Company could be subject to litigation or government investigations, may be liable for associated
investigatory expenses, and could also incur significant fees or fines. 

Under
payment card rules and obligations, if cardholder information is potentially compromised, the Company could be liable for associated
investigatory expenses and could also incur significant fees or fines if the Company fails to follow payment card industry data security
standards. The Company could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to process
payment cards if it fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which would materially adversely affect the Company s
reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

System
errors or failures of our platform or services to conform to specifications could cause unforeseen liabilities or injury, harm our reputation
and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

The
software and technology services that we operate are complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our software and technology
services may contain errors, especially when first introduced. Failure of a customer s system to perform in accordance with our
documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expenses in order to make the system comply
with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing
the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid, or assert claims for significant damages. 

Risks
Associated with Bonum Health Telemedicine Services 

The
telehealth market is immature and volatile. 

The
telehealth market is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and sustain high levels of demand, consumer
acceptance and market adoption. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of our clients members or patients
to use, and to increase the frequency and extent of their utilization of, our services, as well as on our ability to demonstrate the
value of telehealth to employers, health plans, government agencies and other purchasers of healthcare for beneficiaries. Negative publicity
concerning our services or the telehealth market as a whole could limit market acceptance of our services. If our clients, or their members
or patients, do not perceive the benefits of our services, or if our services are not competitive, then our market may not develop at
all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, individual and healthcare industry concerns or negative publicity regarding
patient confidentiality and privacy in the context of telehealth could limit market acceptance of our healthcare services. If any of
these events occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

30 

Our
telehealth business could be adversely affected by legal challenges to our business model or by actions restricting our ability to provide
services in certain jurisdictions. 

Our
ability to conduct telehealth services in a particular U.S. state is dependent upon the applicable laws governing remote healthcare and
the practice of medicine and healthcare delivery in general in such location which are subject to changing political, regulatory and
other influences. With respect to telehealth services, such services and our ability to offer such services are subject to rules established
or interpreted by state medical boards and whether such boards consider such services to be the practice of medicine. The definition
of practicing medicine is subject to change and open to evolving interpretations by medical boards and state attorneys generals,
among others. Accordingly, we must monitor our compliance with laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate on an ongoing basis, and
we cannot provide assurance that our activities and arrangements, if challenged, will be found to be in compliance with the law. Additionally,
it is possible that the laws and rules governing the practice of medicine, including remote healthcare, in one or more jurisdictions
may change in a manner which negatively effects our ability to operate. If a successful legal challenge or an adverse change in the relevant
laws were to occur, and we were unable to adapt our business model accordingly, our operations in the affected jurisdictions would be
disrupted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
our telehealth business, we will be dependent on our relationships with affiliated professions and our business would be adversely affected
if those relationships were disrupted. 

There
is a risk that state authorities in some jurisdictions may find that contractual relationships with physicians providing telehealth violate
laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine. State corporate practice of medicine doctrines also often impose penalties on physicians
themselves for aiding the corporate practice of medicine, which could discourage physicians from participating in our network of providers.
A material change in our relationship with our healthcare providers, whether resulting from a dispute among the entities, a change in
government regulation, or the loss of these affiliations, could impair our ability to provide services and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
telehealth business will depend on our ability to maintain and expand a network of qualified providers. 

The
success of our delivery through the Bonum Health app and/or Bonum Health Hubs (the Bonum Health Business 
telehealth services is dependent upon our ability to maintain a network of qualified telehealth providers. If we are unable to recruit
and retain board-certified physicians and other healthcare professionals, it would have a material adverse effect on our Bonum
Health Business and our ability to grow its operations. We may not be willing to pay the costs demanded by such services providers
and/or changes in Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement levels and other pressures on healthcare providers and consolidation activity
among hospitals, physician groups and healthcare providers may make such providers harder or more expensive to find and contract with.
The result of the above may be that our Bonum Health Business telehealth services are unsuccessful, which may result in a material adverse
effect to our operations. 

Rapid
technological change in the telehealth industry presents us with significant risks and challenges. 

The
telehealth market is characterized by rapid technological change, changing consumer requirements, short product lifecycles and evolving
industry standards. Our success will depend on our ability to enhance our offerings with next-generation technologies and to develop
or to acquire and market new services. There is no guarantee that we will possess the resources, either financial or personnel, for the
research, design and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and
avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our competitors
or future competitors will not result in our present or future software-based products and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. 

31 

The
telehealth industry is competitive, and if we are not able to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations
will be harmed. 

While
the telehealth market is in an early stage of development, it is competitive and we expect it to attract increased competition, which
could make it difficult for us to succeed. We currently face competition in the telehealth industry from a range of companies, including
specialized software and solution providers that offer similar solutions, often at substantially lower prices, and that are continuing
to develop additional products and becoming more sophisticated and effective. These competitors include Doctor On Demand, MDLive, Teladoc
and others. In addition, large, well-financed health systems have in some cases developed their own telehealth tools and provide these
solutions to their customers at discounted prices. The surge in interest in telehealth, and in particular the relaxation of HIPAA privacy
and security requirements, has also attracted new competition from providers who utilize consumer-grade video conferencing platforms
such as Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Google Meet and Twilio. Competition from large software companies or other specialized solution providers,
communication tools and other parties could result in continued pricing pressures, which is likely to lead to price declines in certain
product segments, which could negatively impact our future market, sales, profitability and market share (if any). If we are unable to
successfully compete in the telehealth market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

The
emergence of new technologies may render our telehealth solution obsolete or require us to expend significant resources in order to remain
competitive. 

The
U.S. healthcare industry is massive, with a number of large market participants with conflicting agendas, and it is subject to significant
government regulation and is currently undergoing significant change. Changes in the telehealth industry, for example, such as the emergence
of new technologies as more competitors enter our market, could result in our telehealth solution being less desirable or relevant. If
healthcare benefits trends shift or entirely new technologies are developed that replace existing solutions, our existing or future products
could be rendered obsolete, and our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience difficulties with industry standards,
design or marketing that could delay or prevent our development, introduction or implementation of new applications and enhancements. 

If
we fail to develop widespread brand awareness cost-effectively, our business may suffer. 

We
believe that developing and maintaining widespread awareness of our brand in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread
adoption of our products and attracting new clients. Our brand promotion activities may not generate client awareness or increase revenue,
and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote
and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses in doing so, we may fail to attract or retain clients necessary to realize a sufficient
return on our brand-building efforts or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad client adoption of our solution. 

Risks
Associated with Our Governing Documents and Delaware Law 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limits their liability, which
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit
of officers or directors. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides for indemnification as follows: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation
is authorized to provide indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, such agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to
which Delaware law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other
persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted
by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), subject only to limits created by applicable
Delaware law (statutory or non-statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to the Corporation, its stockholders and others. 
Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against
our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore,
a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities
arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection
with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely
to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market
and price for our shares. 

32 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company
and the Company s stockholders and requires us, under certain circumstances, to indemnify officers, directors and employees. 

The
limitation of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification
rights to them may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company
and the Company s stockholders, including as a result of a breach of their fiduciary duties, except to the extent such exception
from liability is not permitted under the DGCL. We also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment and engagement
agreements with our executive officers and directors, as well as pursuant to indemnification agreements. The foregoing indemnification
obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors
and officers, which the Company may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a
lawsuit against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative
litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers, even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us
and our stockholders. 

Our
directors have the right to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock. 

Our
directors, within the limitations and restrictions contained in our certificate of incorporation and without further action by our stockholders,
have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares and the
relative rights, conversion rights, voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and any other preferences, special
rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders
of our common stock. Should we issue additional shares of our common stock at a later time, each investor s ownership interest
in our stock would be proportionally reduced. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may impede the acquisition of the Company. 

Certain
provisions of the DGCL have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, notwithstanding
the fact that our certificate of incorporation provides that we are not subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which relates to certain
restrictions on business combinations with interested stockholders. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested
in acquiring the Company to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our directors, in connection with such a transaction. As a
result, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of the Company, including an acquisition in which the stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. In addition, we can also authorize blank check preferred stock,
which could be issued by our Board of Directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other
rights superior to our common stock. 

Compliance,
Reporting and Listing Risks 

We
incur significant costs to ensure compliance with U.S. and NASDAQ Capital Market reporting and corporate governance requirements. 

We
incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and with applicable U.S. and NASDAQ Capital Market
corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the SEC
and The NASDAQ Capital Market. The rules of The NASDAQ Capital Market include requiring us to maintain independent directors, comply
with other corporate governance requirements and pay annual listing and stock issuance fees. All of such SEC and NASDAQ obligations require
a commitment of additional resources including, but not limited to, additional expenses, and may result in the diversion of our senior
management s time and attention from our day-to-day operations. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly
increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect that these
applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance
and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our Board of Directors
or as executive officers. 

33 

We
will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a reporting company, and given our limited capital resources, such additional
costs may have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We
are an SEC-reporting company. The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require reporting companies to provide periodic reports
with interactive data files, which require that we engage legal, accounting and auditing professionals, and inline eXtensible Business
Reporting Language (iXBRL) and EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) service providers. The engagement of such services
can be costly, and we may continue to incur additional losses, which may adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern.
In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as a variety of related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate
governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies. For example, as a result of being a reporting
company, we are required to file periodic and current reports and other information with the SEC, and we have adopted policies regarding
disclosure controls and procedures and regularly evaluate those controls and procedures. 

The
additional costs we continue to incur in connection with becoming a reporting company (expected to be several hundred thousand dollars
per year) will continue to further stretch our limited capital resources. Due to our limited resources, we have to allocate resources
away from other productive uses in order to continue to comply with our obligations as an SEC reporting company. Further, there is no
guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to continue to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they come due. 

We
may not be able to comply with NASDAQ s continued listing standards. 

Our
common stock was approved for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MEDS , in February 2020.
Notwithstanding such listing, there can be no assurance any broker will be interested in trading our stock. Therefore, it may be
difficult to sell your shares of common stock if you desire or need to sell them. Our underwriters are not obligated to make a
market in our securities, and even if they do make a market, they can discontinue market-making at any time without notice. Neither
we nor the underwriters can provide any assurance that an active and liquid trading market in our securities will develop or, if
developed, that such a market will continue. 

There
is also no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market for any period of time by perpetually
satisfying NASDAQ s continued listing requirements. Our failure to continue to meet these requirements may result in our securities
being delisted from NASDAQ. 

Among
the conditions required for continued listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market, NASDAQ requires us to maintain at least 2.5 million in stockholders 
equity or 500,000 in net income over the prior two years or two of the prior three years, to have a majority of independent directors,
an audit committee of at least three independent directors (subject to certain limited exceptions), and to maintain a stock price over
 1.00 per share. Our stockholders equity may not remain above NASDAQ s 2.5 million minimum, we may not generate over 500,000
of yearly net income, we may not be able to maintain independent directors or an audit committee of at least three independent directors
(subject to certain limited exceptions), and we may not be able to maintain a stock price over 1.00 per share. If we fail to timely
comply with the applicable requirements, our stock may be delisted. In addition, even if we demonstrate compliance with the requirements
above, we will have to continue to meet other objective and subjective listing requirements to continue to be listed on The NASDAQ Capital
Market. Delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market could make trading our common stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading
to declines in our share price and liquidity. Without a NASDAQ Capital Market listing, stockholders may have a difficult time getting
a quote for the sale or purchase of our stock, the sale or purchase of our stock would likely be made more difficult, and the trading
volume and liquidity of our stock could decline. Delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market could also result in negative publicity and
could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance
of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further, if we are delisted, we would also incur additional costs
under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements could severely limit the market liquidity
of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock in the secondary market. If our common stock is delisted
by NASDAQ, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system, such as the OTCQB Market or the OTC Pink
market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock. In the event our common stock is delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market, we may not be able to list our common stock on another
national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the counter quotation system. 

34 

On
July 29, 2022, the Listing Qualifications department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Staff notified the Company
that it did not comply with the minimum 2,500,000 stockholders equity requirement for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(b) (the Rule however, the Staff on October 17, 2022, granted the Company s request for an extension
until January 25, 2023, to comply with this requirement. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company received a delist determination letter from the Staff advising the Company that the Staff had determined
that the Company did not meet the terms of the extension. Specifically, the Company did not complete its proposed transactions and was
unable to file a Current Report Form 8-K by the January 25, 2023 deadline previously required by the Staff, evidencing compliance with
the Rule. 

As
a result, on February 6, 2023, the Company submitted a hearing request to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ),
which request will stay any delisting action by the Staff at least until the hearing process concludes and any extension granted by the
Panel expires. 

At
the Panel hearing, the Company intends to present a plan to regain compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement.
In the interim, the Company s common stock will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol MEDS at least
pending the ultimate conclusion of the hearing process. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company s plan will be accepted by the Panel or that, if it is, the Company will be able to regain
compliance with the applicable Nasdaq listing requirements. If the Company s common stock is delisted, it could be more difficult
to buy or sell the Company s common stock or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company s common stock could
suffer a material decline. Delisting could also impair the Company s ability to raise capital. 

We
are currently prohibited from filing any new registration statements on Form S-3 and effective upon the date that our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is filed with the Commission, we will be prohibited from using our Shelf Form S-3 until
at least October 2023. 

Due
to our inadvertent failure to timely file a Current Report on Form 8-K, we are currently prohibited from using Form S-3 to register securities
with the Commission. Separately, effective on the date that we file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2022, our ability to use
our previously effective shelf Form S-3, will be suspended until at least October 2023. As a result, we will be required to use Form
S-1, a longer-form registration statement for future offerings, and will be prohibited, after the date this report is filed, until at
least October 2023, from undertaking at-the-market offerings. Furthermore, in the event that the Pre-Funded Warrants have not been exercised
in full by such date, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants will need to be registered on Form
S-1 in order to continue to be registered under the Securities Act. 

Regulatory
Risks 

Regulatory
changes that affect our distribution channels could harm our business. 

At
the federal level, track and trace legislation requiring the use of pharmaceutical pedigree may restrict and disrupt the movement of
pharmaceuticals along the supply chain should the cost of complying with this legislation be too burdensome for smaller suppliers. Changes
in the United States healthcare industry and regulatory environment could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Many
of our products and services are intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently
being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry in the United States has changed significantly in an effort
to enhance efficiencies, reduce costs and improve patient outcomes. These changes have included cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement
levels, changes in the basis for payments, shifting away from fee-for-service and towards value-based payments and risk-sharing models,
increases in the use of managed care, and consolidation in the healthcare industry generally. We expect that the healthcare industry
in the United States shall continue to change and evolve in the near future. Changes in the healthcare industry s (or our pharmaceutical
suppliers pricing, selling, inventory, distribution or supply policies or practices could significantly reduce our revenues and
net income. Additionally, if we experience disruptions in our supply of generic drugs, our margins could be adversely affected. 

35 

We
distribute generic pharmaceuticals, which can be subject to both price deflation and price inflation. Continued volatility in the
availability, pricing trends or reimbursement of these generic drugs, or significant fluctuations in the nature, frequency and
magnitude of generic pharmaceutical launches, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Additionally, any
future changes in branded and generic drug pricing could be significantly different than our projections. Generic drug manufacturers
are increasingly challenging the validity or enforceability of patents on branded pharmaceutical products. During the pendency of
these legal challenges, a generic drugs manufacturer may begin manufacturing and selling a generic version of the branded product
prior to the final resolution of its legal challenge over the branded product s patent. To the extent we source, contract
manufacture, and distribute such generic products, the brand-name company could assert infringement claims against us. While we
generally obtain indemnification against such claims from generic manufacturers as a condition of distributing their products, these
rights may not be adequate or sufficient to protect us. 

We
are also required to comply with various state pricing gouging laws. 

The
healthcare industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology products and services could
impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation
of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose us to litigation and regulatory investigations. 

Healthcare
fraud laws are often vague and uncertain, exposing us to potential liability. 

We
are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud, waste
and abuse. Local, state and federal governments continue to strengthen their position and scrutiny over practices involving fraud, waste
and abuse affecting Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Many of the regulations applicable to us, including
those relating to marketing incentives, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. The regulations may be interpreted
or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory, or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations.
If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could become liable for damages and suffer civil and criminal penalties,
including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. 

Laws
reducing reimbursements for pharmaceuticals could negatively affect our industry. 

Both
our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates
for pharmaceuticals, medical treatments and related services, or changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined.
The federal government may adopt measures that could reduce Medicare or Medicaid spending, or impose additional requirements on healthcare
entities. We cannot predict what alternative or additional deficit reduction initiatives or Medicare payment reductions, if any, will
ultimately be enacted into law, or the timing or effect any such initiatives or reductions would have on us. Any of the changes discussed
above may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows, prospects and/or the value of our securities. 

Operating,
security and licensure standards of federal agencies challenge our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

We
are subject to the operating and security standards of the Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Centers
for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS), and other comparable agencies. We are also subject to certain state laws relating to price
gouging. Although we have enhanced our procedures to ensure compliance, a regulatory agency or tribunal may conclude that our operations
are not compliant with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be unable to maintain or renew existing permits, licenses
or any other regulatory approvals or obtain without significant delay, future permits, licenses or other approvals needed for the operation
of our businesses. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary
permits and licenses could lead to litigation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

36 

Pedigree
tracking laws and regulations could increase our regulatory burdens. 

Congress
and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy and departments of health and the FDA, have made increased efforts
in the past year to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated
or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system (otherwise known as pedigree tracking ). In November
2013, Congress passed (and President Barack Obama signed into law) the Drug Quality and Security Act (the DQSA ).
The DQSA establishes federal standards requiring supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable, lot-level
prescription drug track-and-trace system. The law also preempts state drug pedigree requirements and establishes new requirements for
drug wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, including licensing requirements in states that had not previously licensed
such entities. 

In
addition, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 requires the FDA to establish standards and identify and validate effective
technologies for the purpose of securing the pharmaceutical supply chain against counterfeit drugs. These standards may include track-and-trace
or authentication technologies, such as radio frequency identification devices, 2D data matrix barcodes, and other similar technologies.
On March 26, 2010, the FDA released the Serialized Numerical Identifier (the SNI guidance for manufacturers who
serialize pharmaceutical packaging. To date we have been able to accommodate these SNI regulations in our distribution operations. The
DQSA and other pedigree tracking laws and regulations have increased the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our pharmaceutical
distribution business and have had a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

We
are uncertain how new privacy laws shall be interpreted. 

There
are numerous federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information. In particular, regulations
promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) establish privacy and security standards
that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information (known as protected health information and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information
and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. We are directly subject to certain
provisions of the regulations as a Business Associate through our relationships with customers. We are also directly
subject to the HIPAA privacy and security regulations as a Covered Entity with respect to our operations as a healthcare
clearinghouse, specialty pharmacy and medical surgical supply business. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security
of protected health information entrusted to us, we could be found to have breached our contracts with our customers. Further, if we
fail to comply with applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face civil and criminal penalties. Although we have implemented
and continue to maintain policies and processes to assist us in complying with these regulations and our contractual obligations, we
cannot provide assurances regarding how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied by the government and regulators to
our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts
to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level might also require us to make costly system purchases /or
modifications from time to time. 

We
might be adversely impacted by healthcare reform such as changes in pricing and reimbursement models. 

Many
of our products and services are designed and intended to function within the structure of current healthcare financing and reimbursement
systems. The healthcare industry and related government programs are changing. Some of these changes increase our risks and create uncertainties
for our business. 

For
example, some changes in reimbursement methodologies (including government rates) for pharmaceuticals, medical treatments and related
service reduces profit margins for us and our customers and impose new legal requirements on healthcare providers. Those changes have
included cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, changes in the basis for payments, shifting away from fee-for-service and
toward value-based payment and risk-sharing models, and increases in the use of managed care. 

In
the U.S., the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured
Americans and changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payers. There are continued efforts to challenge
the ACA. There are also efforts to broaden healthcare coverage. U.S. lawmakers also have explored proposals to reduce drug prices, including
requiring price transparency and drug importation measures. These proposals might result in significant changes in the pharmaceutical
value chain as manufacturers, PBM, managed care organizations and other industry stakeholders look to implement new transactional flows
and adapt their business models. 

37 

Provincial
governments in Canada that provide partial funding for the purchase of pharmaceuticals and independently regulate the sale and reimbursement
of drugs have sought to reduce the costs of publicly funded health programs. For example, provincial governments have taken steps to
reduce consumer prices for generic pharmaceuticals and, in some provinces, change professional allowances paid to pharmacists by generic
manufacturers. 

Many
European governments provide or subsidize healthcare to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility and reimbursement
levels in order to control government healthcare system costs. Some European governments have implemented or are considering austerity
measures to reduce healthcare spending. These measures exert pressure on the pricing and reimbursement timelines for pharmaceuticals
and may cause our customers to purchase fewer of our products and services or influence us to reduce prices. 

Medical
billing and coding laws may subject us to fines and investigations. 

Medical
billing, coding and collection activities are governed by numerous federal and state civil and criminal laws. In connection with these
laws, we may be subjected to federal, or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us, false claims
actions may have to be defended, private payers may file claims against us, and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded
healthcare programs. Any such proceeding or investigation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

It
may be difficult and costly for us to comply with the extensive government regulations to which our business is subject. 

Our
operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. federal and state governments. In addition, as we expand our operations, we
may also become subject to the regulations of foreign jurisdictions, as well as additional regulations relating to environmental matters,
transportation of pharmaceutical products, shipping restrictions, and import and export restrictions. We are also required to comply
with various state pricing gouging laws. 

Further,
the enactment of new rules and regulations could adversely affect our business. Depending on future enforcement or additional rules and
regulations created around it, pharmaceutical pricing controls could be established, resulting in substantially reduced margins and limited
reimbursement for pharmacies and all other healthcare provider bases. In turn, this may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability,
and growth. 

Risks
Relating to Our Industry in General 

The
public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication could have a material negative effect on our business. 

Our
Pharmaceutical segment distributes prescription opioid pain medications. In recent years, the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication
has become a public health crisis. 

A
significant number of counties, municipalities and other plaintiffs, including a number of state attorney generals, have filed lawsuits
against pharmaceutical manufacturers, pharmaceutical wholesale distributors, retail chains and others relating to the manufacturing,
marketing or distribution of prescription opioid pain medications. The defense and resolution of future lawsuits and events relating
to these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or liquidity or
have adverse reputational or operational effects on our business. 

Other
legislative, regulatory or industry measures related to the public health crisis involving the abuse of prescription opioid pain medication
and the distribution of these medications could affect our business in ways that we may not be able to predict. For example, several
states have now adopted taxes or other fees on the sale of opioids, and several other states have proposed similar legislative initiatives.
These laws and proposals vary in the tax amounts imposed and the means of calculation. Liabilities for taxes or assessments under any
such laws could have an adverse impact on our results of operations unless we are able to mitigate them through operational changes or
commercial arrangements where permitted. 

38 

Changes
to the U.S. healthcare environment may not be favorable to us. 

Over
a number of years, the U.S. healthcare industry has undergone significant changes designed to increase access to medical care, improve
safety and patient outcomes, contain costs and increase efficiencies. These changes include adoption of the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act (ACA), a general decline in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, efforts by healthcare insurance companies to limit or
reduce payments to pharmacies and providers, the basis for payments beginning to transition from a fee-for-service model to value-based
payments and risk-sharing models, and the industry shifting away from traditional healthcare venues like hospitals and into clinics,
physician offices and patients homes. 

We
expect the U.S. healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. Possible changes include repeal and replacement
of major parts of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, further reduction or limitations on governmental funding at the state
or federal level, efforts by healthcare insurance companies to further limit payments for products and services or changes in legislation
or regulations governing prescription pharmaceutical pricing, healthcare services or mandated benefits. These possible changes, and the
uncertainty surrounding these possible changes, may cause healthcare industry participants to reduce the number of products and services
they purchase from us or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services, which could adversely affect us. 

Consolidation
in the U.S. healthcare industry may negatively impact our results of operations. 

In
recent years, U.S. healthcare industry participants, including distributors, manufacturers, suppliers, healthcare providers, insurers
and pharmacy chains, have consolidated or formed strategic alliances. Consolidations create larger enterprises with greater negotiating
power, and also could result in the possible loss of a customer where the combined enterprise selects one distributor from two incumbents.
If this consolidation trend continues, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Accounting
Risks 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and controls and procedures which could, if not
remediated, adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations in a timely and accurate
manner and/or increase the risk of future misstatements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our shares of common stock and/or debt securities to decline. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. As reported under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , as of December 31, 2022, our
CEO and CFO have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Additionally, our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. As disclosed below under Item 9A. Controls and Procedures , based on reviews conducted by management, we have
concluded that a material weakness exists and has existed since approximately 2014 in the Company s internal controls over financial
reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

The
material weaknesses identified in our controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, included the fact that (1) The Company did not
maintain a fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis,
reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes. and (2) the Company
does not currently have a sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personnel commensurate to support standalone
external financial reporting under public company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company did not effectively segregate certain
accounting duties due to the small size of its accounting staff and maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel necessary
to anticipate and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process. In addition, there were inadequate reviews
and approvals by the Company s personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in day-to-day operations due to the lack
of a full complement of accounting staff. 

The
material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting include the fact that: the Company did not maintain a
fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation
and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes; and the Company does not currently
have a sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personnel commensurate to support standalone external financial
reporting under public company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties
due to the small size of its accounting staff and maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel necessary to anticipate
and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process. In addition, there were inadequate reviews and approvals
by the Company s personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in day-to-day operations due to the lack of a full complement
of accounting staff. 

39 

Maintaining
effective disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal control over financial reporting are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements and the Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses in such controls as promptly as possible. 

Since
Fiscal 2014 when the material weakness became effective, the Company has identified certain remediation actions and has implemented or
is in the process of implementing them, many efforts are not complete and remain in process. If we do not complete our remediation in
a timely manner or if our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if additional material weaknesses
in our internal controls and/or controls and procedures are discovered or occur in the future, it may materially adversely affect our
ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner and there will continue to be an
increased risk of future misstatements. Although we regularly review and evaluate internal controls systems to allow management to report
on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and controls and procedures, we may discover additional weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures. The next time we evaluate our internal controls
over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, if we identify one or more new material weaknesses or have been unable
to timely remediate our existing material weaknesses, we would be unable to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting
or disclosure controls and procedures are effective. If we are unable in the future to conclude that our internal controls over
financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are effective, we may not be able to report our financial condition and
results of operations in a timely and accurate manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our shares of common stock to decline. In addition, any potential
future restatements could subject us to additional adverse consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, stockholder litigation and other
adverse actions. Moreover, we may be the subject of further negative publicity focusing on such financial statement adjustments and resulting
restatement and negative reactions from our stockholders, creditors or others with whom we do business. The occurrence of any of the
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause
the market value of our shares of common stock to decline. 

We
may experience adverse impacts on our reported results of operations as a result of adopting new accounting standards or interpretations. 

Our
implementation of and compliance with changes in accounting rules, including new accounting rules and interpretations, have not affected
our reported financial position or operating results to date or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our reported operating results in
future periods. 

A
significant amount of our revenues has historically been due to only a small number of customers and we depend on a small number of major
wholesalers, and if we were to lose any of those customers or suppliers, our results of operations would be adversely affected . 

During
Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, no sales to customers represented greater than 10 of revenue. In the event our customers do not pay us
amounts owed, sales to such customers cease or we are unable to find new customers moving forward, it could have a materially adverse
effect on our results of operations. We have a working relationship with over 25 wholesalers and the nation s largest buying group.
Although we believe those entities are satisfied with their business relationship with Trxade, if our buying group and two or three of
the largest wholesalers decided no longer to do business with Trxade, and we were unable to find additional entities to step into their
shoes, the resulting supplier void would materially and adversely affect our competitiveness in the marketplace, and could cause a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
might be harmed by changes in our relationships or contracts with suppliers . 

We
attempt to structure our agreements with wholesalers to ensure that we are appropriately and predictably compensated for the services
we provide. We cannot control the frequency or magnitude of pharmaceutical price changes. We might be unable to renew agreements with
wholesalers in a timely and favorable manner. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and
our financial positions or results of operations. 

40 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Organizational Documents 

Our
common stock has in the past been a penny stock under SEC rules, and may be subject to the penny stock 
rules in the future. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

In
the past (including immediately prior to our common stock being listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market in February 2020), our common stock
was a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price
below 5.00). While our common stock is not now considered a penny stock because it is listed on The NASDAQ Capital
Market, if we are unable to maintain that listing, unless we maintain a per-share price above 5.00, our common stock will become penny
stock. These rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of
penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. 
For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers
must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document
that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the
transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide
a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written
agreement to the transaction. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company received written notice (the Notification Letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that
it is not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on
The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share,
and Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for
a period of thirty (30) consecutive business days. Based on the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the thirty
(30) consecutive business days from October 14, 2022 to November 28, 2022, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement. 

The
Notification Letter does not impact the Company s listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market at this time. The Notification
Letter states that the Company has 180 calendar days or until May 29, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
To regain compliance, the bid price of the Company s common stock must have a closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for
a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If the Company does not regain compliance by May 29, 2023, an additional 180 days may be granted
to regain compliance, so long as the Company meets The Nasdaq Capital Market initial listing criteria (except for the bid price requirement)
and notifies Nasdaq in writing of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock
split, if necessary. If the Company does not qualify for the second compliance period or fails to regain compliance during the second
180-day period, the Company s common stock will be subject to delisting, at which point the Company would have an opportunity to
appeal the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel. 

The
Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states
 securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and
 firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

41 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

Penny
stocks are generally considered to be high-risk investments. There are several factors that contribute to the high-risk nature of penny
stocks, including: 

Volatility: Penny stocks
 are known for their extreme price fluctuations. This volatility can be caused by a number of factors, including changes in the overall
 stock market, news about the company or industry, and changes in investor sentiment. 

Lack of liquidity: Penny
 stocks are often traded on over-the-counter markets, which can make them more difficult to buy and sell. This lack of liquidity can
 increase the risk of large price swings and can make it difficult to exit a position if needed. 

Lack of information: Many
 penny stock companies are not required to file regular reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which means there
 may be limited information available to investors. This can make it difficult to evaluate the financial health of the company and
 to make informed investment decisions. 

Manipulation: Because of
 their low trading volumes and lack of regulatory oversight, penny stocks can be vulnerable to market manipulation. This can include
 practices such as pump and dump schemes, where investors artificially inflate the price of a stock before selling their
 shares for a profit. 

Overall,
it s important to approach penny stocks with caution and to thoroughly research any investment before making a decision. It s
also a good idea to diversify your portfolio and to limit your exposure to any one stock or sector. 

A
significant number of our shares are eligible for sale and their sale or potential sale may depress the market price of our common stock. 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock. Most of our
common stock is available for resale in the public market, and if sold would increase the supply of our common stock, thereby causing
a decrease in its price. Some or all of our shares of common stock may be offered from time to time in the open market pursuant to effective
registration statements and/or compliance with Rule 144, which sales could have a depressive effect on the market for our shares of common
stock. Subject to certain restrictions, a person who has held restricted shares for a period of six months may generally sell common
stock into the market. The sale of a significant portion of such shares when such shares are eligible for public sale may cause the value
of our common stock to decline in value. 

There
may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to sell their shares. The market price of our
common stock may continue to be volatile . 

The
market price of our common stock will likely continue to be highly volatile. Some of the factors that may materially affect the market
price of our common stock are beyond our control, such as conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate or sales of our common
stock. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown
to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume,
and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company
such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. 

As
a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared
to a mature issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse
effect on share price. It is possible that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will not develop or be
sustained, or that trading levels will not continue. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our performance. In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This
volatility has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating
performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

The
exercise of outstanding warrants, options and shares issued in connection with a joint venture and acquisition will be dilutive to our
existing stockholders. 

As
of the date of this Report, we had 10,110,978 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and the following securities, which are
exercisable into shares of our common stock: 

26,924 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants with a weighted-average exercise price of 0.06; and 

257,506 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options with exercise prices ranging from 2.46 per share to 9.60 per
share, with a weighted average price of 3.89. 

For
the life of the options and warrants, the holders have the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our common stock
without assuming the risk of ownership. The issuance of shares upon the exercise of outstanding securities will also dilute the ownership
interests of our existing stockholders. 

The
availability of these shares for public resale, as well as any actual resales of these shares, could adversely affect the trading price
of our common stock. Certain of the shares of common stock underlying outstanding options will be available for resale immediately in
the public market without restriction. 

We
cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, or the effect,
if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock may have on the market price of our common stock. Sales or distributions
of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales
could occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

42 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock or preferred stock. Likewise, we do not anticipate paying, in the near
future, dividends or distributions on our common stock. Any future dividends on common stock will be declared at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, on our earnings, our financial requirements for future operations and growth,
and other facts as we may then deem appropriate. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your
investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 

Our
common stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s
adverse reaction to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the
 absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we
 may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall
 stock market fluctuations; 

announcements
 concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual
 or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions
 or trends in our industry; 

litigation; 

changes
 in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future
 sales of common stock; 

departure
 of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general
 market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and President are two of our largest stockholders and, as a result, they can exert influence over us and have
actual or potential interests that may differ from yours. 

Mr.
Suren Ajjarapu, our CEO, and Mr. Prashant Patel, our President, beneficially own, in the aggregate, over 47 of our common stock.
As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to influence many matters requiring stockholder approval, including the
election of directors and approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have
the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, and could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares of common stock as part of a sale of our company and may affect the market price of our stock. 

43 

Further,
Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel may have interests that differ from those of other holders of our common stock. As a result, Mr. Ajjarapu
and Mr. Patel may vote the shares they own or control or otherwise cause us to take actions that may conflict with your best interests
as a stockholder, which could adversely affect our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 

Through
this influence, Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel can influence our management, affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including
the approval of significant corporate transactions, a sale of our company, decisions about our capital structure and the composition
of our Board of Directors. 

Our
common stock may continue to be followed by only a limited number of analysts and there may continue to be a limited number of institutions
acting as market makers for our common stock. 

For
the foreseeable future, our common stock is unlikely to be followed by a significant number of market analysts, and there may be few
institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price
of our common stock. Until our common stock is fully distributed, and an orderly market develops in our common stock, if ever, the price
at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock are determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock, developments affecting our business,
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors, investor perception of us and general economic and market
conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. 

Our
bylaws require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers,
other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in
the State of Delaware, and if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will, subject to certain exceptions, be
deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits
against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 

Our
bylaws require that unless the Company consents in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of the Company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant
to any provision of Delaware General Corporation Law or the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company; (d) any action to
interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company; or (e) any action asserting
a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the
indispensable parties named as defendants therein (or such indispensable parties consenting to the personal jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery within 10 days following any determination by the Court of Chancery that an indispensable party is not subject to such personal
jurisdiction); provided that, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction,
such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our
bylaws. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum
that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage
lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

As
described above, our bylaws provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, subject to certain exceptions. However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum
provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the
federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We also note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act, creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

44 

Our
stockholders have no right to call special meetings of stockholders. 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive
officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer). Because our stockholders do not have the right to call a special
meeting, a stockholder could not force stockholder consideration of a proposal over the opposition of our board of directors by calling
a special meeting of stockholders prior to such time as the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or president
(in the absence of a chief executive officer) believed the matter should be considered or until the next annual meeting provided that
the requestor met the notice requirements. The restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting means that a proposal
to replace our board of directors also could be delayed until the next annual meeting. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the value of our securities and could
entrench management. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. These provisions include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new
series of preferred shares and the requirement to receive the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding capital
stock of the Company to amend any provision of the bylaws of the Company, without Board of Directors approval (which Board of Directors
approved amendments may be affected solely by the Board of Directors, without stockholder approval, subject to certain exceptions, without
stockholder approval), which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions may make the removal of management more difficult
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Risks
Relating to The JOBS Act 

The
JOBS Act allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations and to reduce the amount of information
provided in reports filed with the SEC. We cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are and we will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal
year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed 1.07 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (ii) the last day of
the end of our 2024 fiscal year (5 years from our first public offering), (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year
period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer 
(with at least 700 million in public float) under the Exchange Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company 
as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies as described in further detail in the risk factors below.
We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on some or all of these exemptions. If
some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
our stock price may be more volatile. If we avail ourselves of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, as is currently
our plan, our reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us and may result in less
investor confidence. 

Our
election not to opt out of the JOBS Act extended accounting transition period may create difficulty in comparing our financial statements
to the financial statements of other companies. 

Pursuant
to the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company , we can elect to opt out of the extended transition period for any
new or revised accounting standards that may be issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) or the SEC. We have elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company , can adopt the standard for the private
company. This may make a comparison of our financial statements with any other public company which is not either an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period,
more difficult or impossible as possible different or revised standards may be used. 

The
JOBS Act also allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors
and to reduce the amount of information provided in reports filed with the SEC. 

The
JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on emerging growth companies . The Company meets the definition
of an emerging growth company and so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company, it
will, among other things: 

be
 exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting
 firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; 

be
 exempt from the say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding stockholder vote to approve compensation of certain
 executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding stockholder vote to
 approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations)
 of The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) and certain disclosure requirements of the
 Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of Chief Executive Officers; 

45 

be
 permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Exchange Act
 and instead provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; and 

be
 exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s
 report on the financial statements. 

The
Company has and intends to continue to take advantage of all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available
to it so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company . The Company has elected not to opt out of the extension
of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. Among other things,
this means that the Company s independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting so long as it qualifies as an emerging
growth company , which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting
go undetected. Likewise, so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company , the Company may elect not to provide
certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of executive officers, which
it would otherwise have been required to provide in filings with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities
analysts to evaluate the Company. As a result, investor confidence in the Company and the market price of its common stock may be adversely
affected. 

Notwithstanding
the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an
asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and has a public float
of less than 700 million and less than 100 million annual revenues or a public float of less than 250 million, during the most recently
completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company , at such time are we
cease being an emerging growth company , the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase,
but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an emerging growth company or a smaller
reporting company . Specifically, similar to emerging growth companies , smaller reporting companies 
are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting; except from the requirement to include the detailed compensation discussion and analysis
disclosures and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required
to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as
an emerging growth company or smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to
analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the global COVID-19 pandemic, the duration and economic, governmental and
social impact of which is difficult to predict, which may significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating
results. 

During
2020 and continuing into 2023, there has been a widespread worldwide impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have been, and may in
the future be, adversely affected as a result. The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus, the global response to such coronavirus, including
travel restrictions and quarantines that governments instituted during 2020 and 2021, adversely affected our operations, and future restrictions
or governmental requirements may have an adverse effect on our operations in the future, and/or may have a significant negative impact
on our results of operations, the production of pharmaceuticals and our ability to timely obtain pharmaceuticals for resale. Currently,
we are experiencing reductions to, and interruptions in, the delivery of supply chain pharmaceuticals that are having a negative impact
on our wholesalers and certain technology outsourcing in India and the Philippines and we are also having a hard time finding qualified
staff, due to the pandemic. Notwithstanding the above disruptions, our results of operations have not, to date, been materially
adversely affected by the pandemic. However, if we continue to experience production difficulties, quality control problems or further
shortages in supply of pharmaceuticals or personnel in the future, this could harm our business and results of operations, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our operations and the value of our securities. In addition, employee sicknesses and remote working
environments, and the potential negative effect thereof on productivity and internal controls, related to the coronavirus and the federal,
state and local responses to such virus, could materially impact our consolidated results for the year 2022 and beyond. The COVID-19
outbreak could also restrict our access to capital such as credit facilities and lead to material nonrecurring charges, write-downs,
impairments and expenses. The Company is actively and continually monitoring the pandemic s effect on our businesses and endeavoring
to adapt quickly in real time to meet the rapidly changing demands of our Customers and Suppliers. 

46 

To
mitigate the spread of COVID-19, we implemented sanitation and personal protection measures. The Company s corporate office reopened
on January 3, 2022, in accordance to Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance, allowing only management and certain key
operational employees to return to the office, while hourly employees remain working remotely until further notice. These
measures might not fully mitigate COVID-19 risks to our workforce, and we could experience unusual levels of absenteeism that might impair
operations and delay delivery of products. The COVID-19 pandemic affects product manufacturing, supply and transport availability and
cost. The pandemic has in the past reduced demand for some products due to delays or cancellations of elective medical procedures, consumer
self-isolation and business closures, among other reasons, which may become issues again in the future if the number of persons infected
does not continue to decline. The COVID-19 pandemic also influences shortages of some products, with product allocation resulting in
delivery delays for customers. Additionally, as a result of the coronavirus outbreak, various states have adopted price gouging laws.
Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to claims, penalties, fines or lawsuits. 

We
have been impacted and may be further impacted by COVID-19 as follows: 

As
 a result of COVID-19, various states have adopted price gouging laws. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could
 subject us to claims, penalties, fines or lawsuits; 

Inventory
 price fluctuations as a result of supply and demand issues caused by COVID-19 have caused values of inventory to decrease, which
 has had a direct impact on gross profit and has resulted in a direct write-off of certain inventory value; 

Payment
 Terms with customers may be altered or extended, which would have an impact on current ratios and cash flow; and 

There
 have previously been material impairments with respect to goodwill and may be future material
 impairments and/or effects on right-of-use assets as the evaluation of the long-term impact
 to delivery of service or physical space assessments changes. 

There
 have been shortages in the supply of generic pharmaceuticals which impact our revenues as
 our transaction fees revenue rely on the sale of generic pharmaceuticals through our marketplace
 platform. 

There
have been labor market challenges in hiring staff. 

COVID-19
may cause further disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to: 

causing
 one or more of our customers to file for bankruptcy protection or shut down, including as a result of broader economic disruption; 

reducing
 health system or health plan subscription agreement fees generated, as well as visit fees, by customers or providers, as a result
 of funding constraints related to loss of revenue or employment; 

negatively
 impacting collections of accounts receivable; 

negatively
 impacting our ability to facilitate the provision of our telehealth services due to unpredictable demand; 

negatively
 impacting our ability to forecast our business s financial outlook; 

creating
 regulatory uncertainty on our telehealth services, if certain restrictions on reimbursement or the practice of medicine across state
 lines are reintroduced at some point in the future; and 

harming
 our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

47 

The
ongoing impacts of the pandemic may cause, or make more likely, a general economic slowdown or recession in one or more markets,
disruptions and volatility in global capital markets and other broad and adverse effects on the economy, business conditions,
commercial activity and the healthcare industry. The pandemic might impact our business operations, financial position and results
of operation in unpredictable ways that depend on highly uncertain future developments, such as determining the effectiveness of
current or future government actions to address the public health or economic impacts of the pandemic. Any of these risks might have
a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. 

U.S.
and global economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition
and growth. 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs, changes to fiscal and monetary policy,
tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations could have a material adverse impact on demand for
the Company s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending could be adversely affected in response to financial
market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes
to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors. 

In
addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Company s products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, U.S. or global economic
conditions could have a significant impact on the Company s suppliers, the pharmacy industry as a whole, the Company s network
of independent pharmacies and other partners. Potential effects include financial instability, inability to obtain credit to finance
operations and purchases of the Company s products, payment defaults and insolvency. 

A
downturn in the economic environment could also lead to increased credit and collectability risk on the Company s receivables;
limitations on the Company s ability to raise new funding through the sale of debt or equity; reduced liquidity; and declines in
the value of the Company s securities. These and other economic factors could materially adversely affect the Company s business,
results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

Failure
to adequately manage our planned aggressive growth strategy may harm our business or increase our risk of failure. 

For
the foreseeable future, we intend to pursue an aggressive growth strategy for the expansion of our operations through increased product
development and marketing. Our ability to rapidly expand our operations will depend upon many factors, including our ability to work
in a regulated environment, market value-added products effectively to independent pharmacies, establish and maintain strategic relationships
with suppliers, and obtain adequate capital resources on acceptable terms. Any restrictions on our ability to expand may have a materially
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Accordingly, we may be unable to achieve our targets
for sales growth, and our operations may not be successful or achieve anticipated operating results. 

Additionally,
our growth may place a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, and financial resources and our infrastructure.
Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage growth effectively. This will require us
to, among other things: 

implement
 additional management information systems; 

further
 develop our operating, administrative, legal, financial, and accounting systems and controls; 

hire
 additional personnel; 

develop
 additional levels of management within our company; 

locate
 additional office space; 

48 

maintain
 close coordination among our engineering, operations, legal, finance, sales and marketing, and client service and support organizations;
 and 

manage
 our expanding international operations. 

As
a result, we may lack the resources to deploy our services on a timely and cost-effective basis. Failure to accomplish any of these requirements
could impair our ability to deliver services in a timely fashion or attract and retain new customers. 

If
we do not successfully implement any acquisition strategies, our operating results and prospects could be harmed. 

We
face competition within our industry for acquisitions of businesses, technologies and assets, and, in the future, such competition may
become more intense. As such, even if we are able to identify an acquisition that we would like to consummate, we may not be able to
complete the acquisition on commercially reasonable terms or at all because of such competition. Furthermore, if we enter into negotiations
that are not ultimately consummated, those negotiations could result in diversion of management time and significant out-of-pocket costs.
Even if we are able to complete such acquisitions, we may additionally expend significant amounts of cash or incur substantial debt to
finance them, which indebtedness could result in restrictions on our business and use of available cash. In addition, we may finance
or otherwise complete acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which could result in dilution of our existing stockholders.
If we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions successfully, we may not be able to realize their benefits. If we are unable to successfully
address any of these risks, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed. 

If
we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

If
we make acquisitions in the future, funding permitting, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, we could have difficulty
integrating the acquired company s assets, personnel and operations with our own. We do not anticipate that any acquisitions or
mergers we may enter into in the future would result in a change of control of the Company. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired
business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether
we are successful in acquiring, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase
our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without
limitation, the following: 

the
 difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations; 

the
 potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; 

difficulties
 in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

the
 potential impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; 

the
 potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing of the products
 to new and existing customers; 

the
 effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired; 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition
 or modify the marketing and sales of acquired products or operations, or the defense of any litigation, whether or not successful,
 resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition; and 

potential
 expenses under the labor, environmental and other laws of various jurisdictions. 

Our
business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems
encountered in connection with an acquisition, many of which cannot be presently identified. These risks and problems could disrupt our
ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. 

49 

We
may apply working capital and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the value of our
securities. 

In
general, we have complete discretion over the use of our working capital and any new investment capital we may obtain in the future.
Because of the number and variety of factors that could determine our use of funds, our ultimate expenditure of funds (and their uses)
may vary substantially from our current intended operating plan for such funds. 

We
intend to use existing working capital and future funding to support the development of our products and services, product purchases
in our wholesale distribution division, the expansion of our marketing, or the support of operations to educate our customers. We will
also use capital for market and network expansion, acquisitions, and general working capital purposes. However, we do not have more specific
plans for the use and expenditure of our capital. Our management has broad discretion to use any or all of our available capital reserves.
Our capital could be applied in ways that do not improve our operating results or otherwise increase the value of a stockholder s
investment. 

Our
websites may encounter technical problems and service interruptions. 

Our
websites may, in the future, experience slower response times or interruptions as a result of increased traffic or other reasons. These
delays and interruptions resulting from failure to maintain Internet service connections to our site could frustrate visitors and reduce
our future web site traffic, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
sale of shares by our directors and officers may adversely affect the market price for our shares. 

Sales
of significant amounts of shares held by our officers and directors, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over
our stock price. 

Stockholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of additional shares
of our common stock. 

Wherever
possible, our Board of Directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that
the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock or where shares are to be issued to our officers, directors
and applicable consultants. Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, but subject to NASDAQ rules
and regulations (which generally require shareholder approval for any transactions which would result in the issuance of more than 20 
of our then outstanding shares of common stock or voting rights representing over 20 of our then outstanding shares of stock), to issue
all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of
our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing stockholders,
which may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing
management s ability to maintain control of the Company because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting
existing management. 

Future
sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decrease
significantly. The perception in the public market that our stockholders might sell shares of our common stock could also depress the
market price of our common stock. Up to 100,000,000 in total aggregate value of securities have been registered by us on a shelf 
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266432) that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022,
and which was declared effective on August 8, 2022. There is an aggregate of over 97 million in securities which are eligible for sale
in the public markets from time to time, subject to the requirements of Form S-3, which limits us, until such time, if ever, as our public
float exceeds 75 million, from selling securities in a public primary offering under Form S-3 with a value exceeding more than one-third
of the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Company every twelve months. Additionally, if our existing
stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the trading price
of our common stock could decline significantly. The market price for shares of our common stock may drop significantly when such securities
are sold in the public markets. A decline in the price of shares of our common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through
the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

50 

Levels
or types of insurance may not be adequate to cover claims. 

Although
we maintain current and active insurance policies, we cannot guarantee that all levels and types of insurance will be adequate to
cover claims brought against the Company. 

Our
growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 

In
order to grow our business, we anticipate that we will need to continue to depend on our relationships with third parties, including
our technology providers. Identifying partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and
resources. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services, or utilization
of, our products and services. In addition, acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could result in a decrease in the number
of our current and potential customers. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our
ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our results of operations may suffer. Even if we are
successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased customer use of our products or increased revenue. 

Claims,
litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As
a company offering a wide range of products and services, we are regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews,
investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings relating to goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other
matters. Any of these types of proceedings, including currently pending proceedings as discussed herein, may have an adverse effect on
us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. The
outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. Determining legal reserves and possible
losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the
final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should
any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings,
including as a result of a settlement, could require us to make substantial future payments, prevent us from offering certain products
or services, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, requiring development of non-infringing
or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a material effect on our operations. 

We
may be adversely affected by climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict; however, such effects may be widespread. Impacts from climate change may
include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions which may affect our
current operations due to among other things, the fact that we are based in Florida, which is only on average 6 feet higher than current
sea level), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition
risks (such as regulatory or technology changes) and other adverse effects. The effects of climate change could increase the cost of
certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required
for the operation of our business. Climate change could also lead to increased costs as a result of physical damage to or destruction
of our facilities, loss of inventory, and business interruption due to weather events that may be attributable to climate change. These
events and impacts could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position or results of operation. 

We
might be adversely impacted by changes in accounting standards. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which periodically is revised or reinterpreted. From time
to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC. It is possible that future accounting standards may require changes
to the accounting treatment in our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our financial
systems. Such changes might have a materially adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

For
all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. 

51 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real property. We moved out of our previous corporate facility located at 3480 Land O Lakes Blvd, Land O Lakes,
Florida 33556 on December 31, 2021 and entered into a lease for our current corporate office space at 2420 Brunello Trace, Lutz, Florida
33558 on November 8, 2021. The lease has a five-year term, beginning January 1, 2022, and ending December 31, 2026. Our office space
occupies approximately 9,850 square feet. Pursuant to the lease, the Company will also be responsible for water/sewer costs 140 per
month) and its proportionate share of the building s operating expenses, including property taxes. We paid a security deposit of
 38,500 in connection with our entry into the agreement. 

Our
rental cost under the agreement during the term of the lease, is as follows: 

Lease Period 
 Monthly Rent 
 
 January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 
 19,023 
 
 January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 
 19,594 
 
 January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 
 20,181 
 
 January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026 
 20,787 

Pursuant
to the lease, we have an option to renew the lease for two additional five-year terms with a mutually agreed increase in rental cost. 

The
Company s obligations under the lease are guaranteed by Suren Ajjarapu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
but such guarantee has not been formally documented to date. 

The
Company also has, pursuant to the terms of the lease, a right to match any offer for purchase on 4.12 acres of Sienna Village I, parcel
26-26-18-0000-04800-000 and 4 buildings totaling 23,048 square feet of office space in its entirety, for a 2-year period commencing with
the execution of the lease. We also have a right of first refusal to lease available vacant buildings at the then current market rate
only after the landlord has made such space available for leasing. 

In
connection with our entry into the lease, we purchased certain furniture and assets of the landlord located at the leased premises for
(a) 60,000, payable in 12 installments of 5,000 each, with title to such assets transferring on the date of the last payment, December
1, 2022; and (b) 37,500, which was payable upon our entry into the lease agreement, upon which payment, title to such purchased assets
transferred. This payable has been paid in full as of December 31, 2022. 

The
lease contains customary indemnification and termination provisions. In addition, the lease contains customary events of default, including
payment defaults, breaches of covenants and/or certain representations and warranties, bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and other
events of default customary for this type of transaction. The lease also contains remedies for such events of default, including the
landlord s right to cure a default (together with our requirement to pay a 15 administrative fee in connection therewith), interest
and other amounts, the right to accelerate all amounts due during the remaining term of the lease, termination of the lease and other
remedies customary for this type of transaction. 

We
entered into a lease for Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC at 6308 Benjamin Road, Tampa, Florida 33634 for approximately 43,000 per
year 3,583 per month) under a five-year lease agreement, effective October 17, 2018, occupying approximately 6,300 square
feet. 

We
believe our current and future facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs. Additional space may be required as we expand
our activities. We do not currently foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required additional facilities. 

52 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of business, we may become a party to lawsuits involving various matters. The impact and outcome of litigation, if
any, is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. We believe the ultimate resolution of any such current proceeding will not have a material adverse effect on our continued
financial position, results of operations or cash flows, except as otherwise set forth below. However, assessment of the current litigation
or other legal claims could change in light of the discovery of facts not presently known to the Company or by judges, juries or other
finders of fact, which are not in accord with management s evaluation of the possible liability or outcome of such litigation or
claims. 

For
a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10 Contingencies .
to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental
Data . 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock was approved for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MEDS , on February 13, 2020.
Prior to that, it traded on the OTCQB Market under the symbol TRXD . At present, there is a limited market for our
common stock. 

Common
Stock and Preferred Stock Outstanding and Holders of Record 

As
of March 27, 2023, we had 10,110,878 shares of common stock outstanding, held by 45 stockholders of record, not including holders
who hold their shares in street name, and no shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely
on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investments. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
disclosures below include information on recent sales of unregistered securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022, and
from the period from January 1, 2022, to the filing date of this report, and do not include information which has previously been included
in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K: 

In
January 2022, warrants to purchase 14,584 shares of common stock were exercised with an exercise price of 0.06 per share; the Company
issued 14,584 shares of common stock, and 875 in proceeds were received in connection with such exercise. 

We
claim an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act, since the foregoing
issuances did not involve a public offering, the recipients were (a) accredited investors and/or (b) had access
to similar documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act. The securities are
subject to transfer restrictions, and the certificates evidencing the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities
have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. 

53 

On
October 4, 2022 the Company entered into a Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional investor. The Purchase Agreement provided
for the sale and issuance by the Company of an aggregate of: (i) 920,000 Shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.00001 par value,
(ii) Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to 601,740 shares of Common Stock and (iii) Private Placement Warrants and, together with the
Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Securities ), to purchase up to 2,663,045 shares of Common Stock. The offering
price per Share was 1.15 and the offering price per Pre-Funded Warrant was 1.14999. The Company received approximately 1.750 million
in proceeds and paid approximately 0.205 million in commissions and legal fees related to the transaction. The Private Placement Warrants
were sold in a concurrent Private Placement, exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table sets forth share repurchase activity for the respective periods: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 

1,000,000 

November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 

1,000,000 

December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 

1,000,000 
 100,000 
 
 Total 

(1)
 On May 27, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase up to 1 million of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock. Under the stock repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market or through negotiated
transactions at prevailing market rates, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. Repurchases will be made at management s
discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject
to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and the Company s
financial performance. Open market purchases will be conducted in accordance with the limitations set forth in Rule 10b-18 of Exchange
Act and other applicable legal requirements. Repurchases may also be made under a Rule 10b5-1 plan. There was no time frame or expiration
date for the repurchase program, and such program was to remain in place until a maximum of 1.0 million of the Company s common
stock had been repurchased or until such program was suspended or discontinued by the Board of Directors. 

On
July 18, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an at-the-market offering and paused the Stock Repurchase Program until
the offering is complete. 

On
July 22, 2021, our Board of Directors delayed the at-the-market offering and reactivated the Stock Repurchase Program. 

On
August 5, 2021, our Board of Directors paused the Stock Repurchase Program until a planned at-the-market offering was complete,
which at-the-market offering was terminated effective on December 5, 2021. 

Currently
no dollar amount of shares may be purchased pursuant to the terms of the Stock Repurchase Program, which as discussed in footnote (2)
below, has been modified to allow for the repurchase of 100,000 shares of common stock instead of a dollar amount. 

(2)
 On December 10, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the resumption of the Company s prior share repurchase
program (as modified). The share repurchase program as approved by the Board of Directors on December 10, 2021, modified the prior repurchase
program to allow for the repurchase of up to 100,000 of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. There is
no time frame for the repurchase program, and such program will remain in place until a maximum of 100,000 shares of the Company s
common stock have been repurchased or until such program is discontinued by the Board of Directors. 

54 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion of the Company s historical performance and financial condition should be read together with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements based on the views and beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions and estimates made by our
management. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information above. These statements by their nature are
subject to risks and uncertainties and are influenced by various factors. As a consequence, actual results may differ materially from
those in the forward-looking statements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report for the discussion of risk factors. For
all periods presented, the consolidated statements of income and consolidated balance sheet data have been adjusted for the reclassification
of discontinued operations information, unless otherwise noted. All references to years relate to the calendar year ended December 31
of the particular year. 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the MD A is provided
in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations,
financial condition, and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: 

Plan of Operations .
 Summary of the Company s plan of operations for the next 12 months. 

Sources of Revenue .
 Summary of the main sources of Company revenue during the reported periods. 

Results of Operations .
 An analysis of our financial results comparing the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital
 Resources . An analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial condition. 

Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates . Accounting policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and
 judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. 

Recently Issued Accounting
 Standards . A summary of recently issued accounting standards affecting the Company, if any. 

Plan
of Operations 

We
had negative working capital of 53,668 as of December 31, 2022, compared to working capital of 3,448,218 as of December 31, 2021. The
decrease in working capital of 3,501,886 is related to decreases in cash and increases in liabilities. Below are reasons
for the decrease in working capital. 

Cash decreased
 approximately 2.0 million for the periods ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The reasons for the decrease are as follows: 

275,000 cash
 investment into SOSRx joint venture in February of 2022; 

225,000 settlement paid
 related to the legal matter of Jain et. al. in February of 2022; 

875,000 cash paid for
 COVID-19 Test Kits in May of 2022, 

315,464 paid
 for interest expense related to the sale of future accounts receivable in June of 2022 and again in September of 2022 

Increases in
 current liabilities of approximately 1.2 million from the periods ending December 31, 2021 to 2022 were driven by the
 following main factors: 

588,533 warrant
 liability related to Private Placement Warrants; 

108,036 balance due at
 December 31, 2022 on the sale of future accounts receivable which was paid in full in January 2023; 

166,667 note payable balance
 due to Exchange Health related to the SOSRx joint venture, and a 

252,125 increase in accounts
 payable balance at December 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period. 

55 

With
our current cash on hand, expected revenues, and based on our current average monthly expenses, we anticipate the need for additional
funding in order to continue our operations at their current levels, and to pay the costs associated with being a public company, for
the next 12 months. We may require additional funding in the future to expand or complete acquisitions. The sources of this capital are
expected to be equity investments and notes payable. Our plan for the next twelve months is to continue development of the information
technology used in the Company subsidiaries. As our business continues to grow, customer feedback will be integral in making small adjustments
to improve the product and overall customer experience. We will require additional funding, we plan to raise that through the sale of
debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders.
If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to grow and to generate future revenues. 

Coronavirus (COVID-19) 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, which causes the infectious disease known as COVID-19, was reported in Wuhan, China. The
World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and
a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. In March and April 2020, many U.S. states and local jurisdictions began issuing stay-at-home 
orders. For example, the state of Florida, where the Company s principal business operations are, issued a stay-at-home 
order effective on April 1, 2020, which remained in place, subject to certain exceptions, through June 2020, when the order was gradually
lifted until September 2020, when the order was completely lifted. The U.S. in general and Florida specifically, has recently seen decreases
in total new COVID-19 infections (after sharp increases in infections in mid-to-late January 2022), as vaccines and boosters are now
widely available and the number of individuals who have received vaccines has increased, and the pool of persons who do not have natural
or vaccine immunity has declined; however, it is unknown whether such decreases will continue, new strains of the virus will cause current
vaccines to be less effective or whether infection numbers will increase, and/or whether the state of Florida, or other jurisdictions
in which we operate, will issue new or expanded stay-at-home orders, or how those orders, or others, may affect our operations
or whether such locations will see increases in infection rates, hospitalizations and deaths. 

To
date, we have been deemed an essential healthcare technology provider under applicable governmental orders based on the critical nature
of the products we offer and the community we serve. As such, our business operations were not materially impacted by the prior restrictions
put in place by the State of Florida to slow the spread of COVID-19, which have since expired. Additionally, as shown in our results
of operations below, we have to date, not experienced any significant material negative impact to our operations, revenues or gross profit
due to COVID-19. We have however been adversely affected by reductions to, and interruptions in, the delivery of supply chain pharmaceuticals
that have had a negative impact on our wholesalers, certain technology outsourcing in India and the Philippines and finding qualified
staff due to the pandemic, which may become more frequent or material in the future. We are carefully managing our inventory supply network
while we work to overcome these hopefully temporary challenges. As a result of the above, the full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on
our business and operations currently cannot be estimated and will depend on a number of factors including the continued scope and duration
of the global pandemic. 

Since
the start of the pandemic, we have taken steps to prioritize the health and safety of our employees. The Company s employees started
working remotely around March 17, 2020, and our corporate office was closed through December 31, 2021. The office reopened for our management
team on January 3, 2022, while our remaining employees will continue to work remotely until further notice. 

Sources
of Revenue 

We
currently have three main revenue streams: 

(1)
Trxade, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, provides an online web-based buying and selling platform for licensed pharmaceutical wholesalers Suppliers to sell products and services to licensed pharmacies Customers ). The Company charges
Suppliers a transaction fee, a percentage of the purchase price of the prescription drugs and other products sold through its website
service. The Company holds no inventory and assumes no responsibility for the shipment or delivery of any products or services from our
website. The Company considers itself an agent for this revenue stream and as such, reports revenue as net. 

56 

(2)
Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is a licensed wholesaler of brand, generic and non-drug products to Customers.
The Company takes orders for products, creates invoices for each order and recognizes revenue at the time the Customer receives the product.
Customer returns, to date, have not been material. 

(3)
Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, is a licensed retail pharmacy. The Company fills prescriptions for drugs
written by a doctor and recognizes revenue at the time the patient confirms delivery of the prescription. Customer returns, to date,
have not been material. 

Results
of Operations 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022, compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes
to these statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this Report. For all years presented,
the consolidated statements of income and consolidated balance sheet data set forth in this Form 10-K have been adjusted for the reclassification
of discontinued operations information, unless otherwise noted. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Percentage 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 11,448,265 
 9,889,433 
 1,558,832 
 15.8 
 
 Cost of sales 
 5,997,049 
 5,143,468 
 853,581 
 16.6 
 
 Gross profit 
 5,451,216 
 4,745,965 
 705,251 
 14.9 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Loss on inventory investment 
 875,250 
 1,226,426 
 (351,176 
 (29 
 
 Impairment of intangible asset 
 792,500 
 - 
 792,500 
 100 
 
 Technology, research development 
 1,160,856 
 899,705 
 261,151 
 29.0 
 
 Wages and salary 
 3,941,475 
 3,846,522 
 94,953 
 2.5 
 
 Accounting and legal 
 830,355 
 697,825 
 132,530 
 19.0 
 
 Professional fees 
 519,642 
 1,094,917 
 (575,275 
 (52.5 
 
 Other general and administrative (less stock-based compensation expense) 
 1,422,149 
 1,904,427 
 (482,278 
 (25.3 
 
 Warrants and options expense 
 333,284 
 368,436 
 (35,152 
 (9.5 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 9,875,511 
 10,038,258 
 (162,747 
 (1.6 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 825,544 
 - 
 825,544 
 100 
 
 Interest, net 
 (315,217 
 (23,590 
 (291,627 
 1236.2 
 
 Gain on disposal of asset 
 4,100 
 - 
 4,100 
 100 
 
 Income from operations 
 (3,909,868 
 (5,315,883 
 1,406,015 
 26.45 

Net loss attributable to TRxADE Health, Inc. 
 (3,472,099 
 (5,315,883 
 1,843,784 
 (35 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (437,769 
 - 
 (437,769 
 100.00 

57 

Operations 

Our
revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were mainly from the Trxade Inc. platform, Community Specialty Pharmacy and
Integra Pharma Solutions. Revenues increased by 1,558,832 for the 2022 year, compared to the prior year s revenue of 9,889,433.
Trxade, Inc., revenue increased by 511,799 or 10 to 5,435,814, compared to 4,924,015, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and
2021, which is attributable to a 21 increase in sales volume on the platform in 2022. Integra Pharma Solutions revenue increased
by 1,503,506, or 46 , which is attributable to increased sales volume and pricing changes. The Trxade, Inc. platform is a secondary
marketplace for pharmaceuticals and medical supplies with consistent growth year over year. We see a trend that whenever there is a supply
shortage on the primary market, the platform being a secondary market, will see an increase in traffic or sales. 

Cost
of Sales was 5,997,049 and gross profit was 5,451,216, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5,143,468 and 4,745,965,
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of sales is attributed to the increased sales volume of Integra Pharma Solutions,
Trxade, Inc does not have cost of sales as it is a software platform. However, our Integra Pharma Solutions is a wholesale business with
variable cost of sales that will increase as sales volume increases. 

Gross
profit as a percentage of sales was 47.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 48 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The reason for the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales was a result of increased sales volume of Integra Pharma Solutions
and the cost of sales associated with this line of business compared to our Trxade, Inc platform revenue that does not have cost of sales. 

Technology,
research and development expenditures decreased to 1,160,856 for 2022, compared to 1,367,895 for 2021, as the Company continued to develop
apps for customers and make improvements to our platform technology. 

Professional
fees decreased for Fiscal 2022 by 575,275 to 519,642 compared to 1,094,917 for Fiscal 2021. The decrease
in professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to lower board fee expenses, research and development consulting, and
contractor expense. 

General
and administrative expenses (less stock-based compensation expense) decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, to 1,422,149 compared
to 1,904,427 for the comparable period in 2021. The decrease is largely driven by approximately 247,000 of bad debt expense related
to other receivables from GSG. In June 2022, the Company received a 100,000 payment from GSG and recorded a credit to Bad Debt Expense,
additional monthly payments made by GSG were also recorded as a credit to the Bad Debt Expense less applicable interest and recovered
legal fees. In the three-month period ended September 30,2021 there was 630,000 of bad debt expense recorded related to the same GSG
receivable. These events decreased general and administrative expenses in 2022 and significantly increased these expenses in 2021. 

Total
stock-based compensation expense decreased by 9.5 or 35,152 to 333,284 from 368,436 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to the prior year s period. The decrease was due to no stock options being issued in 2022. 

We
had 875,520 of loss on inventory investment for the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with COVID-19 test kits that were purchased
and could not be resold due to issues with the FDA. We had a loss on inventory investment of 1,225,141 in 2021 in connection with inventory
deposits made to vendors that were not refunded to us when the suppliers could not fulfill our purchase orders, as described in greater
detail under NOTE - 8 OTHER RECEIVABLES . At June 30, 2021 the Company recorded a loss on inventory investments in the amount of 1,081,250
for Integra Pharma Solutions and 143,891 for Bonum Health related to the Bonum Health Hubs after we determined that the Hubs could be
assembled and placed into service due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

We
had 792,000 of loss on impairment of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the SOSRx, LLC joint
venture agreement. In 2022, we performed a qualitative and quantitative assessment to determine the impairment of the intangible asset
contributed in the JV agreement for SOSRx and found that due to the lack of revenue generated from these assets that they were determined
to be impaired and that the company needed to write the asset down to zero. 

58 

We
had interest expense, net, of 315,217 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to interest expense of 23,590 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, increased interest expense is driven by two funding agreements where the Company agreed to sell future receivables.
As part of the agreement the Company paid weekly interest. 

Change
in warrant liability due to fair value remeasurement at December 31, 2022 is recorded as a positive adjustment in the amount of 825,544. 

Net
loss decreased by 1,406,015, to a net loss of 3,909,868 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net loss of 5,315,883 for
the year ended December 31, 2021, this variance is driven by several key factors, as listed below. 

Increase in
 revenue of approximately 1.6 million, 

Increased gross profit
 of approximately 0.7 million, 

Decreased year over year
 loses on inventory investments of approximately 0.4 million, 

Decreased general and administrative
 expenses of approximately 0.5 million, 

Decreased professional
 fees of approximately 0.6 million; and 

A positive adjustment related
 to the remeasurement of the fair value of warrant liability approximately 0.8 million, 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents were 1,133,633 at December 31, 2022. We expect that our future available capital resources will consist primarily
of cash generated from operations, remaining cash balances, borrowings, and any additional funds raised through sales of debt and/or
equity. 

Liquidity 

Cash,
current assets , current liabilities, short term debt and working capital at the end of each period were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash 
 1,133,633 
 3,122,578 
 
 Current assets (excluding cash) 
 959,490 
 1,251,666 
 
 Current liabilities (excluding short term debt) 
 1,980,124 
 926,026 
 
 Short term debt 
 166,667 
 - 
 
 Working deficit 
 (53,668 
 3,448,218 

Short term notes payable related parties. 

Our
principal sources of liquidity during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 have been cash provided by operations (internal source). During Fiscal
2022, equity capital and borrowings under various debt arrangements (external source) and a stock placement deal of 920,000
shares. Our principal uses of cash have been for operating expenses and research and development of our newer business units. We anticipate
these uses will continue to be our principal uses of cash in the future in addition to any necessary business acquisitions. We currently
do not have any material unused sources of liquid assets. 

Cash
and other current assets decreased by 1,988,945 and 292,176 respectively. The decrease in cash was primarily due to amounts
spent on research and development expenses related to our newer business units. The decrease in our current assets was primarily due
to the write-off of 875,000 related to inventory deposits to suppliers that we did not get refunded when the inventory could not be
sold. 

59 

Current
liabilities increased by 1,220,765 from 926,026 to 2,146,791 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily due
to an increase in notes payable that was related to the joint venture with SOSRx, two accounts receivable advances with Agile that
will be repaid by the end of January 2023, and 588,533 warrant liability related to Private Placement Warrants. 

Liquidity
Outlook cash explanation 

Cash
Requirements 

Our
primary objectives for 2023 are to continue the development of the Trxade Platform, Integra Pharma Solutions, and Bonum Health and work
to increase our client base and operational revenue. We have limited financial resources and we will need to raise additional capital
or secure debt funding to support ongoing operations. There can be no assurance that our operations will generate significant positive
cash flow, or that additional funds will be available to us, through borrowings or otherwise, on favorable terms if required in the future,
or at all. 

We
estimate our operating expenses and working capital requirements for the next 12 months to be approximately as follows: 

Projected Expenses for 2023 
 Amount 
 
 General and administrative (1) 
 6,000,000 
 
 Total 
 6,000,000 

(1) 
 Includes wages and payroll,
 legal and accounting, marketing, rent and technology development. 

We
have historically funded our operations primarily through debt and equity capital raises and operational revenue. In 2022, common stock
was sold for net proceeds of approximately 1.3 million in connection with the exercise of warrants and the stock placement of 920,000
shares with a purchase price of 1.15 per share. 

We
may require additional funding in the future to expand or complete acquisitions. The sources of this capital are expected to be equity
investments and notes payable. Our plan for the next twelve months is to continue using the same marketing and management strategies
and continue providing a quality product with excellent customer service while also seeking to expand our operations organically or through
acquisitions, as funding and opportunities arise. As our business continues to grow, customer feedback will be integral in making small
adjustments to improve our products and overall customer experience. In the event we require additional funding, we plan to raise that
through the sale of debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution
to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability to grow and to generate
future revenues. 

We
believe that we have adequate cash to implement our plan to operate a business-to-business web-based marketplace focused on the United
States pharmaceutical industry. Our core service is designed to bring the nation s independent pharmacies and accredited national
suppliers of pharmaceuticals together to provide efficient and transparent buying and selling opportunities. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change 
 Percent Change 
 
 Net Loss 
 (3,909,868 
 (5,315,883 
 1,406,015 
 26 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 
 (1,525,929 
 (2,566,226 
 1,040,297 
 41 
 
 Investing Activities 
 (427,845 
 (22,596 
 (405,249 
 (1793 
 
 Financing Activities 
 (35,171 
 (208,178 
 173,007 
 (83 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (1,988,945 
 (2,797,000 
 808,055 
 29 

60 

Cash
used by operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, was 1,525,929. This compared to 2,566,226 of cash used by operating
activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to various things that include the recovery of bad debt
related to the GSG settlement of approximately 0.25 million and a 1.4 million decrease in net losses for December 31, 2022 compared
to 2021. 

Cash
used by investing activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, was 427,845. This compared to 22,596 of cash used in investing
activities for the fiscal year ended 2021. In 2022, the cash was used for an investment in capitalized software for Delivmeds. In 2021,
the cash was used to purchase a single delivery vehicle for Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC. 

Cash
used by financing activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, was 35,171, which 716,964 was used to repay two accounts
receivable advances and 1,545,855 was received from the exercise of warrants and a stock placement. This compared to 208,178
of cash used by operating activities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. In 2021, the cash was used to repay a short-term related
party promissory note of 225,000 offset by exercise of stock warrants and options of 16,822. 

Known
Contractual and Other Obligations Commitments 

In
addition to our long-term debt obligations to our various lenders, we have certain other known contractual working capital obligations,
including contractual purchase obligations related to various supply contracts, lease obligations, and other liabilities. 

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments due by Period 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Operating lease obligations 
 1,347,045 
 296,539 
 619,774 
 323,772 
 106,959 
 
 Total Contractual obligations 
 1,347,045 
 296,539 
 619,774 
 323,772 
 106,959 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
had no outstanding off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses for each
period. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if the estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain
at the time the accounting estimate was made and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or
changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial
condition or results from operations. Below are the estimates that we believe are critical to the understanding of our operation results
and financial condition. Other accounting policies are described in Financial NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES. 
Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

We
provide short-term credit and other customer financing arrangements to customers who purchase our products. We estimate the receivables
for which we do not expect full collection based on historical collection rates and specific knowledge regarding the current creditworthiness
of our customers and record an allowance in our consolidated financial statements for these amounts. 

We
consider historical experience, the current economic environment, customer credit ratings or bankruptcies, and reasonable and supportable
forecasts to develop its allowance for doubtful accounts. Management reviews these factors quarterly to determine if any adjustments
are needed to the allowance. 

61 

Reserve
methodologies are assessed annually based on historical losses and economic, business and market trends. In addition, reserves are reviewed
quarterly and updated if unusual circumstances or trends are present. We believe the reserves maintained and expenses recorded in 2022
are appropriate and consistent in the context of historical methodologies employed, as well as assessment of trends currently available. 

Inventory
Costs 

In
determining whether an inventory valuation allowance is required, we consider various factors including estimated quantities of slow-moving
inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, outstanding purchase obligations and forecasted sales. Shifts in market trends and conditions,
changes in customer preferences due to the introduction of generic drugs or new pharmaceutical products or the loss of one or more significant
customers are factors that could affect the value of our inventories. We write down inventories which are considered excess and obsolete
as a result of these reviews. These factors could make our estimate of inventory valuation differ from actual results. 

Business
Combinations 

We
account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired
business, as well as any noncontrolling interest in the acquired business, are recorded at their estimated fair value as the date that
we obtain control of the acquired business. Any purchase consideration in excess of the fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded
as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are expensed as incurred. 

Several
valuation methods may be used to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For intangible assets, we typically
use a method that is a form of variation of the income approach, whereby a forecast of future cash flows attributable to the asset are
discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the
income approach include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate selected to measure the risks inherent
in the future cash flows and the assessment of the asset s expected useful life. 

Goodwill 

We
perform an impairment test on goodwill balances annually in the third quarter and more frequently if indicators for potential impairment
exist. Indicators that are considered include significant declines in performance relative to expected operating results, significant
changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in the Company s stock
price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. 

Goodwill
impairment testing is conducted at the reporting unit level, which is generally defined as an operating segment or a component, one level
below our operating segment, for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating
results of the reporting unit. 

To
estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a combination of the market approach and the income approach. Under
the market approach, we estimate fair value by comparing the business to similar business, or guideline companies whose securities are
actively traded in public markets. Under the income approach, we use a discounted cash flow DCF model in which
cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value
using an appropriate rate that is commensurate with the risk inherent within the reporting unit. In addition, we compare the aggregate
of the reporting units fair values to our market capitalization as further corroboration of the fair values. 

Estimates
of fair value result from a complex series of judgements about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions
at a point in time. Judgements made in determining an estimate of fair value may materially impact our results of operations. The valuations
are based on information available as of the impairment testing date and are based on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed
reasonable by management. Any material changes in key assumptions, including failure to meet business plans, negative changes in government
reimbursement rates, deterioration in the U.S. and global financial markets, an increase in interest rates or an increase in the cost
of equity financing by market participants within the industry or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may decrease the projected
cash flows or increase the discount rate and could potentially result in an impairment charge. Under the market approach, significant
estimates and assumptions also include the selection of appropriate guideline companies and the determination of appropriate valuation
multiples to apply to the reporting unit. Under the income approach, significant estimates and assumptions also include the determination
of discount rates. The discount rates represent the weight-average cost of capital measuring the reporting unit s cost of debt
and equity financing, which are weighted by the percentage of debt and percentage of equity in a company s target capital structure.
Included in the estimate of the weight-average cost of capital is the assumption of an unsystematic risk premium to address the incremental
uncertainty related to the reporting units future cash flow projections. An increase in the unsystematic risk premium increases
the discount rate. 

62 

Valuation
of Equity Method Investments 

We
evaluate our investments for other-than-temporary impairments when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. When the decline
in value is deemed to be other than temporary, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the fair value is less than the carrying
value of the investment. We consider various factors in determining whether a loss in value of investment is other than temporary including:
the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been below the cost, the financial condition of the investees, and our
intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of value. Management makes certain
judgments and estimates in its assessment including but not limited to: identifying if circumstances indicate a decline in value is other
than temporary, expectations about the business operations of investees, as well as industry, financial, and market factors. Any significant
changes in assumptions or judgments in assessing impairments could result in an impairment charge. 

Income
Taxes 

Our
income tax expenses, and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future
taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated
income tax provision and in evaluating income tax uncertainties. We review our tax positions at the end of each quarter and adjust the
balances as new information becomes available. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating
our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating
results, the existence of cumulative net operating losses in the most recent years, and our forecast of future taxable income. In estimating
the future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future federal operating income, the reversal of temporary
differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about
the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimate we use to manage the underlying businesses. 

Changes
in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Should tax laws change, our tax expense
and cash flows could be materially impacted. 

Loss
Contingencies 

We
may be subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations
relating to laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probably
and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of
a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a
range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third
party that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. Moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over
many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be reevaluated at least quarterly to determine both the
likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. When a material loss is reasonably
possible or probably, but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, disclosure of the proceeding is provided. Legal fees are recognized as
incurred when the legal services are provided. 

We
review all contingencies at least quarterly to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable
estimate of the potential loss or range of the loss can be made. As discussed above, development of a meaningful estimate of loss or
a range of potential loss is complex when the outcome is directly dependent on future negotiations with our decision by third parties,
such as regulatory agencies, the court system and other interest parties. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation . ASC
718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments, including stock
options, based on the grant date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is
required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. Stock option forfeitures are recognized at the date
of employee termination. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2018-07 for the accounting of share-based payments granted
to non-employees for goods and services. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

For
more information on recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ,
 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data . 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

63 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 Table
of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 00206 
 65 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 66 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 67 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 68 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

64 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 TRxADE HEALTH, INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

March
27, 2023 

65 

TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets and capitalized software, net 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Other current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent funding liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion lease liabilities 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities leases 

Notes payable- related party 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Series A preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained deficit 

Total TRxADE Health, Inc stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

66 

TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Impairment of intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on inventory investment 

Loss on write-down of inventory 
 - 

Wage and salary expense 

Professional fees 

Accounting and legal expense 

Technology expense 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Total nonoperating expense 

Net Loss 
 ) 

Net loss attributable to TRxADE Health, Inc. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 - 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 
 ) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

67 

TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Equity 

Preferred stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Interest in Subsidiary 
 
 Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants exercised for cash 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Option exercised for cash 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Options expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Capital Contributions 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital Distribution 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for placement, net issuance costs 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants exercised for cash 
 
 - 

- 
 - 

Options expense 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

68 

TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Options expense 

Common stock issued for services 

Bad debt expense 

Warrant Expense 
 - 

Loss on write-off of intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on write-down of inventory 

Loss on inventory investments 
 - 

Gain on sale of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of right of use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid assets and deposits 

Inventory 

Other receivables 

Lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Customer deposits 
 - 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 
 - 

Sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in capitalized software 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayments of Promissory Notes - Related Parties 
 - 

Repayment of contingent liability 
 
 - 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of future revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock, net of issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest, net 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash Transactions 

Insurance
 premium financed 
 
 - 
 
 Note issued as SOSRx contribution 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible asset contribution from non-controlling interest 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

69 

TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of Trxade, INC., Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC, Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC, Bonum Health,
LLC and MedCheks, LLC (from January 2021 to December 2021, when it was dissolved). The merger of Trxade, Inc. and TRxADE HEALTH, INC.
occurred in May 2013. Community Specialty Pharmacy was acquired in October 2018. 

Trxade,
Inc. operates a web-based market platform that enables commerce among healthcare buyers and sellers of pharmaceuticals, accessories and
services. 

Integra
Pharma Solutions, LLC is a licensed pharmaceutical wholesaler and sells brand, generic and non-drug products. 

Community
Specialty Pharmacy, LLC is an accredited independent retail pharmacy with a focus on specialty medications and a community-based model
offering home delivery services to patients. 

Alliance
Pharma Solutions, LLC (d.b.a. DelivMeds) has developed a same day Pharma delivery software Delivmeds.com and invested in SyncHealth
MSO, LLC a managed services organization in January 2019, which investment was divested in February 2020. 

Bonum
Health, LLC, was formed to hold certain telehealth assets acquired in October 2019. The Bonum Health Hub was launched
in November 2019 and was expected to be operational in April 2020; however, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company does not anticipate
installations moving forward, and has taken a write off of the hubs purchased at June 30, 2021, in Loss on Inventory Investments of 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Bonum Health mobile application is available on a subscription basis, primarily as a stand-alone
telehealth software application that can be licensed on a business-to-business (B2B) model to clients as an employment health benefit
for the clients employees. 

SOSRx,
LLC was formed on February 15, 2022, the Company entered into a relationship with Exchange Health, LLC, a technology company providing
an online platform for manufacturers and suppliers to sell and purchase pharmaceuticals Exchange Health ). SOSRx LLC, the
created entity relating to the relationship, a Delaware limited liability company, was formed in February 2022, and is owned by the
Company and by Exchange Health. 

MedCheks,
LLC, was formed in January 2021 and is a patient-centered, digital, precision healthcare platform that lets patients consolidate and
control their health data via a digital Health Passport. This product has been discontinued and MedCheks, LLC was subsequently dissolved
in December 2021. 

On
October 9, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors, and on October 15, 2019, stockholders holding a majority of the Company s
outstanding voting shares, approved resolutions authorizing a reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock in the and provided authority to the Company s Board of Directors
to select the ratio of the reverse stock split in their discretion (the Stockholder Authority ). On February 12,
2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a Reverse Stock Split in connection
with the Stockholder Authority and the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of Delaware to affect the Reverse
Stock Split. 

Proportional
adjustments were made to the conversion and exercise prices of the Company s outstanding warrants and stock options, and to the
number of shares issued and issuable under the Company s stock incentive plans in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. The
Reverse Stock Split did not affect any stockholder s ownership percentage of the Company s common stock, except to the limited
extent that the Reverse Stock Split resulted in any stockholder owning a fractional share. Fractional shares of common stock were rounded
up to the nearest whole share based on each holder s aggregate ownership of the Company. All issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, options and warrants to purchase common stock and per share amounts contained in the financial statements, have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 

million. We have limited financial resources. As of December 31, 2022 we had working capital deficit of approximately 
and a cash balance of 
million. We will need to raise additional capital or secure debt funding to support on-going operations. The sources of this capital
are expected to be the sale of equity and debt, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause
significant dilution to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt our ability
to grow and to generate future revenues, our financial position, and liquidity. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Unless Management is able to obtain additional financing, it is unlikely that
the Company will be able to meet its funding requirements during the next 12 months. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

million in capital (See Note 4 Stockholders 
Equity). 

and of bad debt expense, respectively and of recovery
of bad debt, was recognized. 

reserve for inventory obsolescence and inventory is not pledged during the periods presented. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in cost of sales were write-downs to reduce inventory to net realizable value
of 0 and , respectively. 

goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recorded an intangible asset associated with the joint venture formed with
Exchange Health in February 2022 in the amount of .
It was determined that the intangible assets had a definite live of 
years and is being amortized quarterly with the straight line method. The Company recognized an amortization expense of 
in fiscal year 2022. At December 31, 2022 the Company
determined this asset was impaired and recorded a loss on asset impairment of . 

SOSRX
LLC.: SOSRx provides pharmaceutical manufacturers with an efficient platform in which to divest short-dated, overstock, and slow-moving
products to direct purchasers. SOSRx s proprietary method researches the current market, allowing the manufacturer to list the
optimal selling price for their products. Manufacturers list their short-dated overstock and slow-moving products by lot with pictures
and descriptions. The manufacturer then determines which vetted and registered customers can bid on or outright purchase their products. 

Once
products from a manufacturer have been entered into SOSRx s platform, a bid cycle begins. Each bid cycle is 3 days. Each buyer
(wholesaler, distributor or chain) will have 3 options. The options are buy now, bid, or pass. In the buy now option the manufacturer
has an established price in which they would sell the product. The bid option allows the buyers to put in a price if they value the product
and at the end of the bid cycle the manufacturer has several options. The manufacturer can accept the highest bidder if the buyer has
met the minimum bid requirement, counter if the bid is below the minimum bid requirement or begin a negotiation to an agreed upon price
or accepted bid, regardless of minimum bid requirement. The fourth option is to decline. 

If
one of the four options described above, except decline, have been selected a committed offer is generated in the system. The buyer then
submits a purchase order to the manufacturer. The manufacturer then processes the purchase order and sends the product directly to the
buyer. This is when revenue is recognized as a transaction fee. At no point does SOSRx take possession of the inventory. SOSRx bills
the manufacturer per committed offer at a fee percentage of total offer value. 

valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets
due to uncertainty of their ultimate realization. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount expected to be realized. Tax years from 2018 forward are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

warrants issued in connection with the Private Placement in accordance
with the guidance contained in FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision the warrants do not meet
the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company will classify the warrant instruments
as a liability at fair value and adjust the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability will be re-measured at
each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s
statement of operations. The fair value of warrants will be estimated using a Black-Scholes model. The valuation model will utilize inputs
such as closing share prices, volatility, risk free interest factors and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at
which they can be settled. 

outstanding warrants to
purchase shares of common stock and options to purchase shares of common stock. 

Numerator for basic and diluted EPS - income available to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic and diluted EPS weighted average shares 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, no sales to customers represented greater than of revenue. 

promissory note was issued to Nikul
Panchal, a non-executive officer of the Company, accruing simple interest at the rate of per annum, payable annually, and having
a maturity date on . In October 2019, of the note was converted into common shares at per share,
leaving of principal owed under the promissory note. There was a loss recognized on this conversion of . In September
2021, the promissory note was paid in full. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, total related party debt was . 

shares of common stock were exercised and in proceeds were received in connection with
the exercise. 

In
August 2021, warrants to purchase shares of common stock were granted with an exercise price of per share, and were exercised
at per share; the Company issued shares of common stock, and in proceeds were received in connection with such exercise. 

2022
Equity Compensation Awards 

On
September 1, 2022, the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, awarded shares to six employees
and officers in lieu of reduced cash salary. In lieu of the reduced cash salary payable to each employee and Officer, the Board and Compensation
Committee agreed to issue such officers and employees shares of the Company s common stock equal to the amount of reduced cash
salary set forth in the table above, divided by the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market
on August 31, 2022, the date approved by the Board of Directors. There was a total of common stock shares issued at a price of
 , the closing price of MEDS on August 31, 2022. A total of the shares of common stock issuable to the employees and officers vest
at the rate of 1/4 th of such shares on each of September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022,
subject to each applicable Officer s and employees continued service to the Company on such dates and subject to the restricted
stock award agreements entered into to evidence such awards. 

2022
Independent Director Compensation 

Effective
on August 31, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of shares of common stock of the Company to each independent
member of the Board of Directors, for services rendered to the Company during fiscal 2022, which shares were valued at , and based
on the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the date approved by the Board of Directors. The shares vest at the
rate of 1/4 th of such shares immediately on the grant date, and 1/4 th of such shares on each of October 1, 2022,
January 1, 2023 and April 1, 2023, subject to each applicable independent director s continued service to the Company on such dates. 

All
of the awards discussed above were issued under the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2019 Plan and all restricted stock awards
discussed above were evidenced by Restricted Stock Grant Agreements. 

There
will be shares available to grant from the Company s Second Amended and restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

2021
Equity Compensation Awards 

On
April 15, 2021, the Board of Directors, with the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved the grant of options to purchase
an aggregate of shares of our common stock to certain employees of the Company, in consideration for services to be rendered by
such individuals through 2025. The options vest at the rate of th of such options per year, on the first, second,
third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date, subject to such option holders continuing to provide services to the Company on such
dates, subject to the terms of the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and
the option agreements entered into evidence such grants. The options were granted pursuant to, and are subject to, the Plan, and have
a term of from the grant date. The options have an exercise price of per share, the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of the grant of such options. 

In
September of 2022 and effective on September 1, 2022 the Board of Directors with recommendation of the Compensation Committee, agreed
to issue certain employees of the Company shares of the Company s common stock in lieu of reductions to annual cash compensation.
The employees agreed to reduce their salaries by an aggregate of in consideration for an aggregate of shares of the Company s
restricted common stock. The shares vested at a rate of 1/4 th each on September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022
and December 31, 2022. 

In
connection with and pursuant to the independent director compensation policy previously adopted by the Board of Directors, on April 15,
2021, the then three independent members of the Board of Directors (Mr. Donald G. Fell, Dr. Pamela Tenaerts, and Mr. Michael L. Peterson),
were each awarded shares of restricted stock, valued at per share) based on the closing sales price of the Company s
common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the effective date of the grant, April 1, 2021, which vest at the rate of th
 of such shares on July 1 and October 1, 2021 and January 1 and April 1, 2022, subject to such persons continuing to provide services
to the Company on such dates, subject to the terms of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Grant Agreements entered into as evidence of
such awards. The shares have a fair value of and the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Common Shares totaling were cancelled on May 27, 2021, when the director services of Mr.
Peterson and Ms. Tenaerts were terminated. 

The
Board of Directors of the Company, on May 27, 2021, confirmed the vesting of shares of common stock previously issued to each of
Michael L. Peterson and Dr. Pamela Tenaerts on July 1, 2021, which were subject to forfeiture subject to such persons continued service
on the Board of Directors prior to the vesting date. 

In
connection with and pursuant to the independent director compensation policy previously adopted by the Board of Directors, on May 27,
2021, the Board of Directors awarded Charles L. Pope, and Christine L. Jennings, each independent members of the Board of Directors appointed
to the Board of Directors on May 27, 2021, shares of restricted stock each, valued at each per share) based on
the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the effective date of the grant, May 27,
2021, which vested at the rate of 1/3rd of such shares on October 1, 2021 and January 1, with the last tranche thereof vesting on April
1, 2022, subject to such persons continuing to provide services to the Company on such date. The Company recognized stock-based compensation
expense of for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

Employment
Agreement with Suren Ajjarapu, Chief Executive Officer 

In
connection with our employment agreement with Mr. Suren Ajjarapu, our Chief Executive Officer, no stock or other equity compensation
was granted for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Effective
September 1, 2022 the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee with the approval of the officers agreed to reduce the annual cash
compensation of Mr. Suren Ajjarapu. The reduction was documented in a Second Amendment to Employment Agreement with Mr. Ajjarapu. Mr.
Ajjarapu s annual compensation was reduced from to . In lieu of the reduced cash salary payable the Board and
Compensation Committee agreed to issue shares of the Company s common stock equal to the amount of reduced cash salary divided
by the closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on August 31, 2022. The number of common
shares issued was . The shares vested at a rate of 1/4 th each on September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30,
2022 and December 31, 2022. 

Employment
Agreement with Prashant Patel, Chief Operating Officer 

Effective
September 1, 2022 the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee with the approval of the officers agreed to reduce the annual cash
compensation of Mr. Prashant Patel. The reduction was documented in the First Amendment to Employment Agreement with Mr. Patel. Mr. Patel
s annual compensation was reduced from to . In lieu of the reduced cash salary payable the Board and Compensation Committee
agreed to issue shares of the Company s common stock equal to the amount of reduced cash salary divided by the closing sales price
of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on August 31, 2022. The number of common shares issued was . The
shares vested at a rate of 1/4 th each on September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

Offer
Letter with Ms. Huffman, Chief Financial Officer 

Effective
September 1, 2022 the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee with the approval of the officers agreed to reduce the annual cash
compensation of Ms. Huffman. The reduction was documented in an Amendment to Offer Letter with Ms. Huffman. Ms. Huffman s annual
compensation was reduced from to . In lieu of the reduced cash salary payable the Board and Compensation Committee agreed
to issue shares of the Company s common stock equal to the amount of reduced cash salary divided by the closing sales price of
the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on August 31, 2022. The number of common shares issued was . The
shares vested at a rate of 1/4 th each on September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

On
December 13, 2022 the Board of Directors with recommendation of the Compensation Committee approved the issuance of shares of
Restricted Common Stock of the Company to Ms. Huffman in consideration for services to be rendered. The shares were awarded pursuant
to and are subject in all cases to the terms and conditions of, the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive
Plan. The shares vest at the rate of 1/4th of such Restricted Common Stock shares on each of December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, June
30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, subject to Ms. Huffman remaining employed by the Company through such vesting dates. The shares were
awarded pursuant to, and are subject in all cases to the terms and conditions of, the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2019
Equity Incentive Plan. 

Stock
Repurchase Program 

On
May 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and approved a stock repurchase program for up to million of the currently
outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

At
the Market Offering 

On
August 5, 2021, our Board of Directors paused the Stock Repurchase Program until the at-the-market offering (discussed
below) was complete. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement, relating to an at-the-market offering for the
sale of up to million in shares of the common stock under which EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, the distribution
agent, could sell the offering shares in public market transactions reported on the consolidated tape or privately negotiated transactions
which could include block trades pursuant to and in connection with the Company s previously filed Form S-3 Shelf Registration
Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2020 and declared effective by the Commission on September
3, 2020 (File Number: 333-248473) and the Prospectus Supplement was filed with the Commission under Rule 424(b)(5) dated August 6, 2021
(the ATM Program ). 

Effective
on November 30, 2021, the Company provided the distribution agent notice of the termination of the Equity Distribution Agreement and
the ATM Program (each of which were terminated effective December 5, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement),
and as a result, of deferring offering costs were recognized. 

shares of common stock were sold pursuant to the at-the-market offering prior to the termination date. 

Continuation
of the Stock Repurchase Program 

On
December 10, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the resumption of the Company s prior share repurchase program.
The share repurchase program as approved by the Board of Directors on December 10, 2021, modified the prior repurchase program to allow
for the repurchase of up to of the currently outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares have been repurchased. 

Private Warrants at a purchase price of per warrant.
The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable, have an exercise price of per share, and may be exercised at any time until
all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. Each Private Warrant has an exercise price of per share, will be exercisable
following Stockholder Approval, which was obtained in December 2022, and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the date on which the
Private Warrants become exercisable. The Private Warrants contain standard adjustments to the exercise price including for stock splits,
stock dividend, rights offerings and pro rata distributions, and include full ratchet anti-dilutive rights in the event the Company issues
shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents within fifteen months of the initial exercise date, with a value less than the then
exercise price of such Private Warrants, subject to certain customary exceptions, and further subject to a minimum exercise price of
 per share. The Private Warrants also include certain rights upon fundamental transactions as described in the Private
Warrants, including allowing the holders thereof to require that the Company re-purchase such Private Warrants at the Black Scholes Value
of such securities. 

private-placement warrants were granted as part of the stock offering, were exercised and warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock expired and were forfeited. 

In
2021, warrants to purchase shares of common stock were granted, were exercised, and warrants to purchase shares of
common stock expired and were forfeited. See Note 4 Stockholders Equity . 

For
the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, warrants to purchase and shares of common stock were exercised,
resulting in proceeds of and respectively. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of the grant. There were 
warrants granted in 2022. The warrant valuation income/(expense) for the fiscal year 2022 was . There was warrant expense
for the fiscal year ended 2021. 

Weighted-average expected volatility 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 

Warrants, measurement input 

Expected life of warrants 
 years 
 years 

Warrants granted 

- 
 
 Warrants forfeited, expired, cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

- 
 
 Warrants forfeited, expired, cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

shares, and the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2019
Equity Incentive Plan provides for automatic increases in the number of shares available under such plan (currently shares)
on April 1 st of each calendar year, 

For
2022, options were exercised, shares were forfeited, and shares expired. For 2021, options to purchase shares
of common stock were granted, were exercised, were forfeited, and expired. The options granted during the period vest
over a four -year period, the average exercise price was per share and the options have a term of years. 

For
the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, options to purchase shares of common stock were exercised, resulting in proceeds
of . 

Under
the Black-Scholes option price model, fair value of the options granted in 2021 and 2020 were and , respectively. 

Weighted-average expected volatility 
 - 

Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 

Expected life of options 
 years 

Total
compensation cost related to stock options was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As
of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation costs related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of . The following table represents stock option activity for the two years ended December 31,
2022: 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2020 

Options granted 

- 
 
 Options forfeited 

- 
 
 Options expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2021 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options forfeited 

- 
 
 Options expired 

- 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

to effective January 1, 2018. 

The
statutory tax rate is the percentage imposed by law; the effective tax rate is the percentage of income actually paid by a company after
considering tax deductions, exemptions, credits and operating loss carry forwards. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has established a valuation allowance equal to the full amount of the deferred tax asset primarily due to uncertainty in the
utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards. 

The
estimated net operating loss carry forwards of approximately will be available based on the new carryover rules in section
172(a) passed with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts. 

which matured on September 30, 2021. The
note provides for attorney fees and interest in addition to the . Waxman s personal guaranty confirmed that GSG owed Integra
 . On September 30, 2021, the was recorded as Bad Debt Expense. A settlement was entered into between the parties in
June 2022, whereby GSG and Waxman agreed to pay which included attorney fees and interest, which is required to be paid to the
Company in monthly installments over 17 months. In Fiscal 2022, the Company received approximately recorded as credits to legal
expenses and bad debt expense. 

and Studebaker
would deliver boxes of nitrile gloves by August 14, 2020. Integra wired the to Studebaker, but to date, Studebaker has
not delivered the gloves or provided a refund of the deposit. In December 2020, we filed a complaint against Studebaker in Florida state
court, Case No. 20-CA-010118 in the Circuit Court for the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit in Hillsborough County, for among other things,
breach of contract. Studebaker did not answer the complaint, nor did counsel for Studebaker file an appearance. Accordingly, in February
2021, the Company filed for a default judgment; however, on March 22, 2021, counsel for Studebaker filed an appearance and shortly thereafter
filed a motion to vacate the default judgment and dismiss the complaint on jurisdictional grounds. The court granted Studebaker s
motion to set aside the default judgment but denied the motion to dismiss. The Company has filed several pretrial motions; the next step
in the litigation after the pre-trial motions are resolved will be a motion for summary judgment. The Company believes it will prevail
on the merits but cannot determine the timing of the judgment or the amount ultimately collected. At June 30, 2021, the was
recorded as Loss on Inventory Investment. 

Sandwave
Group Dsn Bhd and Crecom Burj Group SDN BHD 

In
August 2020, Integra, entered into an agreement with Sandwave Group Dsn Bhd Sandwave ), wherein Integra would pay Sandwave
a down payment of and Sandwave s supplier, Crecom Burj Group SDN BHD Crecom ), would deliver boxes
of nitrile gloves within 45 days. Integra wired the to Sandwave, which in turn wired the purchase price to Crecom, which Crecom
accepted; however, to date, Crecom has not delivered the nitrile gloves. Integra demanded return of its and Crecom has acknowledged
that Integra is entitled to a refund, but to date Crecom has failed to return Integra s money. In February 2021, Integra filed
a complaint against Crecom in Malaysia: Case No. WA-22NCC-55-02/2021 in the High Court of Malaysia at Kuala Lumpur in the Federal Territory,
Malaysia for the Malaysian equivalent of breach of contract. Crecom filed an appearance on March 1, 2021. In April 2021, an Application
for Summary Judgment was filed with the court, and on May 25, 2021, the Court extracted the sealed application, and a copy thereof was
served on Crecom s attorneys and Crecom, 14 days later, filed an Affidavit in Reply with the court alleging that there are issues
to be tried and that this case must go to a full trial. On June 28, 2021, the court directed both parties to file their written submissions/arguments
in relation to the application for summary judgment on or before July 12, 2021, and scheduled a hearing thereon for August 26, 2021.
At the final hearing on October 18, 2021, the ruling for the summary judgment was denied. On September 1, 2022, Crecom informed the court
that Crecom had been liquidated pursuant to Malaysian insolvency laws and the court proceedings were stayed. ON September 7, 2022, Integra
received written confirmation from Crecom counsel and a copy of the relevant Winding Up Order. Accordingly, the complaint was dismissed.
At June 30, 2021, the was recorded as Loss on Inventory Investment. 

Jain,
et al., v. Memantine, et al. 

In
January 2020, we became aware of a complaint filed by Jitendra Jain, Manish Arora, Scariy Kumaramangalam, Harsh Datta and Balvant Arora
(collectively, plaintiffs), against our wholly-owned subsidiary, Trxade, Inc. and our Chief Executive Officer, Suren Ajjarapu as well
as certain unrelated persons, Annapurna Gundlapalli, Gajan Mahendiran and Nexgen Memantine (collectively, defendants), in the Circuit
Court of Madison County, Alabama (Case:47-CV-2019-902216.00). The complaint alleged causes of actions against the defendants including
fraud in the inducement, relating to certain investments alleged to have been made by plaintiffs in Nexgen Memantine, breach of fiduciary
duty, conversion and voidable transactions. The complaint related to certain investments alleged made by the plaintiffs in Nexgen Memantine
and certain alleged fraudulent transfers of assets and funds alleged to have been taken by the defendants which are unrelated to the
Company. 

On
May 14, 2021, Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint against the defendants. The second amended complaint alleges causes of action
against the defendants including securities fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, violation of the Florida RICO Act, and breach of contract.
The operative complaint relates to certain investments alleged to have been made by the plaintiffs in Nexgen Memantine and certain alleged
transfers of assets and funds alleged to have been taken by the defendants which are unrelated to the Company. The amended complaint
seeks injunctive relief, in compensatory damages, treble damages, punitive damages, and fees and costs. 

In
February 2022, a settlement as to Suren Ajjarapu, Annapurna Gundlapalli and the Company was reached and signed. This settlement involved
no admission of liability and a full and complete release of all actions after a lump-sum payment of was made. Because the complaint
purports to be a derivative action, court approval was required, which approval was received on March 14, 2022. As a result of the settlement,
the Plaintiff s dismissed their lawsuit with prejudice. 

Renewal Lease Term 
 - 

New Initial Lease Term 
 
 - 
 
 New Renewal Lease Term 
 
 - 
 
 Initial Recognition of Right to use assets at January 1, 2019 

New Initial Recognition of Right to use Assets at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 Incremental Borrowing Rate 

The
Company entered into a new corporate office lease (Lease 1) on January 2022. The Company determined that entering into the new lease
required remeasurement of the lease liability resulting in the increase of the right-of-use asset and the associated lease liability
by . The new lease is still classified as an operating lease. 

The
table below reconciles the fixed component of the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and the total remaining years
to the operating lease liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: effect of discounting 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under leases 

Long-term lease obligations 

The
difference to the balance sheet above is due to the current and long-term remaining obligations of the copier lease not included in the
amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, amortization of right-of-use assets was 
and ,
respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, operating lease liabilities paid was and , respectively. 

Gross Profit 

Segment Assets 

Segment Profit/Loss 

Cost of Sales 

- 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Trxade, Inc. 
 CSP 
 Integra 
 Unallocated 
 Total 
 
 Revenue 

Gross Profit 

Segment Assets 

Segment Profit/Loss 

Cost of Sales 

per year for services on the board of directors, per year for services
as the Chairman of the Audit Committee (each paid 1/4 th quarterly). The Company also issued Mr. Peterson shares of
restricted common stock, vesting quarterly over two years (beginning April 1, 2023), as well as options vesting over two years valued
at , for his services on the Board. All equity awards were issued under a stockholder approved equity incentive plan, and are
subject to the terms of such plan. 

On
January 6, 2023, a restricted stock grant to Jeff Newell of ,
as compensation as part of Board compensation. 

On
January 6, 2023, the investor exercised their prefunded warrants in the amount of 
shares per the stock issuance agreement from the October 2023 funding. The total amount paid to exercise the shares was 
at a price of 
per share. 

On
January 20, 2023, the Company entered into Membership Interest Purchase Agreements to sell of the outstanding membership interests
of the Company s subsidiaries, Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC and Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC. The Company will receive consideration
in the amount of for Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC and for Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC. The Company also agreed
to enter into a Master Service Agreement to operate the businesses prior to closing, additional amounts owed to the Company as a result
of this Master Service Agreement are estimated to total approximately an aggregate of as of the closing date, currently expected
to occur on April 30, 2023. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company received a delist determination letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. (the Staff ), advising
the Company that the Staff had determined that the Company was not in compliance with the minimum continued listing requirements of stockholders 
equity, and that the Company had not met the terms of the extension granted to them in in October 2022 to regain compliance by the deadline
of January 25, 2023. Specifically, the Company did not complete its proposed transactions and was unable to file a Current Report Form
8-K by the January 25, 2023 deadline previously required by the Staff, evidencing compliance with the Rule. 

On
February 6, 2023, the Company submitted a hearing request to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), which request will
stay any delisting action by the Staff at least until the hearing process concludes and any extension granted by the Panel expires. At
the Panel hearing, the Company intends to present a plan to regain compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement.
In the interim, the Company s common stock will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol MEDS at least pending
the ultimate conclusion of the hearing process. 

Effective
February 27, 2023, Ms. Janet Huffman, the Company s Chief Financial Officer notified the Company of the termination of her Offer
Letter dated February 3, 2022. Effective March 1, 2023, Ms. Huffman also transitioned from Chief Financial Officer to a consulting relationship
with the Company instead of a full-time employee relationship. It is expected that Ms. Huffman will provide a set number of hours of
her time to the Company and that the Company will engage a new Chief Financial Officer (or similar position) to replace Ms. Huffman.
Effective March 6, 2023, Prashant Patel, a member of the Board of Directors, the President and the Chief Operating Officer of the Company,
was appointed as Interim Principal Financial/Accounting Officer of the Company. 

On
March 1, 2023, the Company issued 
 shares to White Lion Capital LLC as part of an
agreement. 

On March 2, 2023, the Company entered into an
agreement with Agile Capital Funding LLC., for an accounts receivable funding agreement in the amount of . 

85 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms and
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, as appropriate, in order to allow timely decisions in connection with
required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
Mr. Ajjarapu and Ms. Huffman, respectively, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report (December 31, 2022). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

As
a result of the formative stage of our development, the Company has not fully implemented the necessary internal controls. The matters
involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards
of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) were: (1) The Company did not maintain a fully integrated
financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments
were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes. and (2) The Company does not currently have a
sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personnel commensurate to support standalone external financial
reporting under public company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties
due to the small size of its accounting staff and maintain a sufficient number of adequately trained personnel necessary to anticipate
and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process. In addition, there were inadequate reviews and approvals
by the Company s personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes in day-to-day operations due to the lack of a full complement
of accounting staff. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results reported herein.
We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we have increased our personnel resources and technical
accounting expertise as we develop the internal and financial resources of the Company. In addition, the Company has prepared and implemented
sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the
requirements and application of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management
has prepared and is in the process of implementing sufficient written policies and checklists to remedy the following material weaknesses
(i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. 

We
have improved our financial organization as we have increased our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise. We will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting
on an ongoing basis. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with GAAP, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that are designed
to: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of the Company; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
 of the Company; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

86 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal
controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Specifically, management s determination
was based on the following material weaknesses which existed as of December 31, 2022: 

Financial
 Reporting Systems : The Company did not maintain a fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the
 period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements
 for external reporting purposes. 

Segregation
 of Duties : The Company does not currently have a sufficient complement of technical accounting and external reporting personnel
 commensurate to support standalone external financial reporting under public company or SEC requirements. Specifically, the Company
 did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of its accounting staff and maintain a sufficient number
 of adequately trained personnel necessary to anticipate and identify risks critical to financial reporting and the closing process.
 In addition, there were inadequate reviews and approvals by the Company s personnel of certain reconciliations and other processes
 in day-to-day operations due to the lack of a full complement of accounting staff. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
of the Company, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives
will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must
be considered relative to their costs. Furthermore, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or
by the collusion of two or more persons. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

There
have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

As
a result of COVID-19, our workforce operated primarily in a work from home environment for the year ended December 31, 2022.
While pre-existing controls were not specifically designed to operate in our current work-from-home operating environment, we do not
believe that such work-from-home actions have had a material adverse effect on our internal controls over financial reporting. We have
continued to re-evaluate and refine our financial reporting process to provide reasonable assurance that we could report our financial
results accurately and timely. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING
 FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

87 

PART
III 

Information
required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III is omitted from this Annual Report and will be filed in a definitive proxy statement
or by an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report (subject
to any extension provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-3). 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 (subject to any extension provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-3) in connection with the solicitation of proxies for
the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders including under the headings Election of Directors , Information
about our Executive Officers , Corporate Governance , Code of Ethics , Committees
of the Board , and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (to the extent applicable and warranted), and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 (subject to any extension provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-3) ,
including under the headings Executive Compensation , Directors Compensation , Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation
Committee Report (to the extent required), and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth under the heading Voting Rights and Principal Stockholders and
 Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within
120 days after December 31, 2022 (subject to any extension provided by Exchange Act
Rule 0-3) and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
after December 31, 2022 (subject to any extension provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-3) ,
including under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Committees of the Board 
- Director Independence , and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item will be set forth under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Auditors -
 Audit Fees in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31,
2022 (subject to any extension provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-3) , and is incorporated herein by reference. 

88 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report: 

The
following is an index of the financial statements, schedules and exhibits included in this Form 10-K or incorporated herein by reference. 

(1) 
 All Financial Statements 

Index to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 65 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 66 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 67 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 68 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

(2) 
 Consolidated Financial
 Statement Schedules 

Except
as provided above, all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present
in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Filed/Furnished
 Herewith 
 
 1.1 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 6, 2021 between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 1.1 
 
 8/6/2021 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trxade Group, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-234221 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/15/2019 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1-for-6 Reverse Stock Split of Common Stock) filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on February 12, 2020, and effective February 13, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/13/2020 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (changing name TRxADE HEALTH, INC.) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/28/2021 

3.5 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of SOSRx LLC effective February 15, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/16/2022 

3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Trxade Group, Inc. 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55218 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/24/2014 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 

X 

10.1 
 
 300,000 Promissory Note dated October 15, 2018 with Nikul Panchal 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 2.02 
 
 10/16/2018 

10.2 
 
 Revocable Warrant dated October 15, 2018 with Nikul Panchal 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 2.03 
 
 10/16/2018 

10.3 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated February 6, 2019 with Prashant Patel and Suren Ajjarapu 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/22/2019 

10.4 
 
 Form of Investment Warrant Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/13/2018 

10.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/26/2014 

10.6 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/26/2014 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement between Trxade, Inc. and Prashant Patel dated May 24, 2013 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.6 
 
 7/24/2014 

10.8 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-12G 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/11/2014 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Trxade Group, Inc. and its directors and certain officers 
 
 10-12G 
 
 000-55218 
 
 10.4 
 
 6/11/2014 

10.10 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Trxade Group, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/28/2021 

10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (April 2020 Grants to Employees) April 14, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/16/2020 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (Independent Directors 2020 Award, 2020 CFO Award and 2020 Legal Counsel) April 14, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.3 
 
 4/16/2020 

89 

10.13 
 
 April 14, 2020 Executive Employment Agreement with Suren Ajjarapu 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.4 
 
 4/16/2020 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement with Suren Ajjarapu dated May 5, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/7/2020 

10.15 
 
 Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (Mr. Ajjarapu 2020 Performance Bonus)(Updated) May 5, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/7/2020 

10.16 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated effective June 19, 2020, entered into by and between Trxade Group, Inc. and Howard A. Doss 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/26/2020 

10.17 
 
 Trxade Group, Inc. Independent Director Compensation Policy adopted April 14, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/27/2020 

10.18 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Trxade Group, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (April 2020 Grants to Employees; Independent Directors 2020 Award, 2020 CFO Award and 2020 Legal Counsel Award) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.4 
 
 8/4/2020 

10.19 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Trxade Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-246318 
 
 10.6 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement Trxade Group, Inc. Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-246318 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.21 
 
 Form of Trxade Group, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-246318 
 
 10.8 
 
 8/14/2020 

10.22 
 
 Non-Recourse Promissory Note in the amount of 500,000, dated February 15, 2022, by TRxADE HEALTH, INC. in favor of Exchange Health, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/16/2022 

10.23 
 
 Distribution Services Agreement dated February 15, 2022, by and between SOSRx LLC and Integra Pharma Solutions LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/16/2022 

10.24 
 
 Member Asset Contribution Agreement dated February 15, 2022, between Exchange Health, LLC and SOSRx LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39199 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/16/2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55218 
 
 14.1 
 
 3/23/2015 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document
 does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan
 or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

None. 

90 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRxADE HEALTH, INC. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Suren
 Ajjarapu 

By: 
 Suren Ajjarapu, Chief Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Prashant
 Patel 

By: 
 Prashant
 Patel 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Suren
 Ajjarapu 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and
 Secretary 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Suren Ajjarapu 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Prashant
 Patel 
 
 Director, President, Principal Accounting Officer and
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Prashant Patel 

/s/ Donald
 G. Fell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Donald G. Fell 

/s/ Jeff
 Newell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Jeff Newell 

/s/ Michael
 L. Peterson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 Michael L. Peterson 

91 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

EXHIBIT
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary describes the common stock of TRxADE HEALTH, Inc., a Delaware corporation TRxADE or the Company ),
which common stock is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Only the Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

DESCRIPTION
OF COMMON STOCK 

The
following description of our common stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended and our Bylaws, as amended, which are incorporated by reference herein, and by applicable law. For purposes of this description,
references to TRxADE, we, our and us refer only to
TRxADE and not to its subsidiaries. 

Authorized
Capitalization 

The
total number of authorized shares of our common stock is 100,000,000 shares, 0.00001 par value per share. The total number of blank
check authorized shares of our preferred stock is 100,000,000 shares, 0.00001 par value per share. There are no shares of
preferred stock currently outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares of our common stock do not
possess any cumulative voting rights. 

Except
for the election of directors, if a quorum is present, an action on a matter is approved if it receives the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote on the matter, unless otherwise required by applicable law, Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended or Bylaws,
as amended. The election of directors will be determined by a plurality of the votes cast in respect of the shares present in person
or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote, meaning that the nominees with the greatest number of votes cast, even if
less than a majority, will be elected. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be impacted
by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we have designated, or may designate and issue in the future. 

Dividend
Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common
stock when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, subject to any preferential or other rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation
and Dissolution Rights . Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata on
a share-for-share basis, the assets available for distribution to the stockholders after payment of liabilities and payment of preferential
and other amounts, if any, payable on any outstanding preferred stock. 

Fully
Paid Status. All outstanding shares of the Company s common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Listing.
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MEDS . 

Other
Matters . No holder of any shares of our common stock has a preemptive right to subscribe for any of our securities, nor are any
shares of our common stock subject to redemption or convertible into other securities. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects Under Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Section
203 of Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 

- 
 before such
 date, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the
 stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

- 
 upon completion of the
 transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 percent
 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting
 stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who
 are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially
 whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or an exchange offer; or 

- 
 on or after such date,
 the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or a special meeting of the stockholders,
 and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 percent of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned
 by the interested stockholder. 

In
general, Section 203 defines business combination to include the following: 

- 
 any merger
 or consolidation involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority owned subsidiary of the corporation and the interested
 stockholder or any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other entity if the merger or consolidation is
 caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation the transaction is not excepted as described
 above; 

- 
 any sale, transfer, pledge,
 or other disposition (in one transaction or a series) of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

- 
 subject to certain exceptions,
 any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

- 
 any transaction involving
 the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation
 beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

- 
 the receipt by the interested
 stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or a person who, together with the person s
affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status
did own, 15 percent or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A
Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its Certificate of Incorporation.
Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall not be governed by Section 203 of DGCL and as a result, Section 203 of DGCL does
not apply to us. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not provide that our board of directors will be classified. As a result, a person
can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at one annual meeting. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation requires, that unless the Company consents in writing to an alternative forum, the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by,
or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders; (c)
any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company;
(d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company; or
(e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal
jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein (or such indispensable parties consenting to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within 10 days following any determination by the Court of Chancery that an indispensable party is not subject
to such personal jurisdiction); provided that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any action for
lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. 

Notwithstanding
any other provisions of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company, and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser
percentage may be specified by law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend or repeal, or to adopt any provision inconsistent
with the exclusive forum requirements in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. If any provision or provision of the
exclusive forum requirements in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity,
legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions and the application of such
provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

As
a result of the above, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive
federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We also note that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities
Act ), creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive
officer or president (in the absence of a chief executive officer). Because our stockholders do not have the right to call a special
meeting, a stockholder could not force stockholder consideration of a proposal over the opposition of our board of directors by calling
a special meeting of stockholders prior to such time as the chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or president
(in the absence of a chief executive officer) believed the matter should be considered or until the next annual meeting provided that
the requestor met the notice requirements. The restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting means that a proposal
to replace our board of directors also could be delayed until the next annual meeting. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. Separately, pursuant to Rule
14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein.
Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders and may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the
acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Action
by written consent 

Any
action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders may be effected by written consent of the stockholders having not
less than the minimum percentage of the vote required by DGCL for the proposed corporate action. 

Vacancies
on the Board of Directors 

Our
Bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock and unless otherwise required
by law or resolution of our board of directors, vacancies on the board of directors arising through death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal, an increase in the number of directors or otherwise may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less
than a quorum. 

Amendment
to Bylaws by Stockholders 

Subject
to certain limitations preventing amendments which decrease or diminish indemnification rights provided for in our Bylaws, our Bylaws
provide that any amendment to such Bylaws undertaken solely by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
in voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES ALL 100 OWNED (UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED) 

Trxade,
Inc., a Florida corporation 

Integra
Pharma Solutions, Inc. (formerly Pinnacle Tek, Inc., a Florida corporation) 

Community
Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, a Florida corporation 

Alliance
Pharma Solutions, LLC, a Florida corporation 

Bonum
Health, Inc a Delaware corporation 

Bonum
Health, LLC, a Delaware corporation 

MedCheks,
LLC, a Delaware corporation 

SOSRx
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (51 owned) 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. are omitted because, considered
in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. Inclusion in this
list is not, however, a representation that the listed subsidiary is a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-248473 and Form S-8 (File No. 333-246318)
of our report dated March 27, 2023, with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements of TRxADE HEALTH, INC., which appear
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

www.malonebailey.com 

Houston, Texas 

March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

I,
Suren Ajjarapu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Suren
 Ajjarapu 

Suren Ajjarapu 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

I,
Prashant Patel, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 

/s/ Prashant
 Patel 

Prashant Patel 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial/Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Suren Ajjarapu, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

Dated: March
 27, 2023 

/s/
 Suren Ajjarapu 

Suren Ajjarapu 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TRxADE HEALTH, INC. and will be retained by TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Prashant Patel, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of TRxADE HEALTH, INC. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

Dated: March
 27, 2023 

/s/
 Prashant Patel 

Prashant Patel 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to TRxADE HEALTH, INC. and will be retained by TRxADE
HEALTH, INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 meds-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 meds-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 meds-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 meds-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

