<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_922621_0000922621-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14979765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>287379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2287086</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5153426</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3739991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3213128</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000922621-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301162532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000922621-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ERIE INDEMNITY CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000922621
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				250466020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24000
		FILM NUMBER:		23693973

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ERIE INSURANCE PL
		CITY:			ERIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16530
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8148702000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 ERIE INSURANCE PLACE
		CITY:			ERIE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16530

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000922621-23-000007.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 erie-20221231.htm
 10-K

erie-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 stated value 0.0292 per share (Title of each class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter: billion of Class A non-voting common stock as of June 30, 2022. There is no active market for the Class B voting common stock. The Class B common stock is closely held by few shareholders. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding on February 17, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX 
 
 PART ITEM NUMBER AND CAPTION PAGE I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 16 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 74 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 74 
 III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 77 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 
 IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 78 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 78 
 Signatures 
 84 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 Erie Indemnity Company ("Indemnity", "we", "us", "our") is a publicly held Pennsylvania business corporation that has since its incorporation in 1925 served as the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the Erie Insurance Exchange ("Exchange"). The Exchange, which also commenced business in 1925, is a Pennsylvania-domiciled reciprocal insurer that writes property and casualty insurance. The Exchange has wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries including: Erie Insurance Company, Erie Insurance Company of New York, Erie Insurance Property Casualty Company and Flagship City Insurance Company, and a wholly owned life insurance company, Erie Family Life Insurance Company ("EFL"). 
 
 Our primary function as attorney-in-fact is to perform policy issuance and renewal services on behalf of the subscribers at the Exchange. We also act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to all claims handling and investment management services, as well as the service provider for all claims handling, life insurance, and investment management services for its insurance subsidiaries, collectively referred to as "administrative services". Acting as attorney-in-fact in these two capacities is done in accordance with a subscriber's agreement (a limited power of attorney) executed individually by each subscriber (policyholder), which appoints us as their common attorney-in-fact to transact certain business on their behalf. Pursuant to the subscriber s agreement for acting as attorney-in-fact in these two capacities, we earn a management fee calculated as a percentage, not to exceed 25 , of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The management fee rate is set at least annually by our Board of Directors. The process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both Indemnity and the Exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. 
 
 Services 
 The policy issuance and renewal services we provide to the Exchange are related to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies. The sales related services we provide include agent compensation and certain sales and advertising support services. Agent compensation includes scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving targeted measures. Agent compensation comprised approximately 66 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The underwriting services we provide include underwriting and policy processing and comprised approximately 10 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The remaining services we provide include customer service and administrative support. We also provide information technology services that support all the functions listed above that comprised approximately 11 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. Included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these policy issuance and renewal functions. 
 
 By virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the Exchange does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. Indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. Claims handling services include costs incurred in the claims process, including the adjustment, investigation, defense, recording and payment functions. Life insurance management services include costs incurred in the management and processing of life insurance business. Investment management services are related to investment trading activity, accounting and all other functions attributable to the investment of funds. Included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements are settled at cost. State insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department. 
 
 Erie Insurance Exchange 
 As our primary purpose is to manage the affairs at the Exchange for the benefit of the subscribers (policyholders) through the policy issuance and renewal services and administrative services, the Exchange is our sole customer. Our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. We have no direct competition in providing these services to the Exchange. 
 
 The Exchange generates revenue by insuring preferred and standard risks, with personal lines comprising 69 of the 2022 direct and affiliated assumed written premiums and commercial lines comprising the remaining 31 . The principal personal lines products are private passenger automobile and homeowners. The principal commercial lines products are commercial 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 multi-peril, commercial automobile and workers compensation. Historically, due to policy renewal and sales patterns, the Exchange's direct and affiliated assumed written premiums are greater in the second and third quarters than in the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. 
 
 The Exchange is represented by independent agencies that serve as its sole distribution channel. In addition to their principal role as salespersons, the independent agents play a significant role as underwriting and service providers and are an integral part of the Exchange's success. 
 
 Our results of operations are tied to the growth and financial condition of the Exchange. If any events occurred that impaired the Exchange's ability to grow or sustain its financial condition, including but not limited to reduced financial strength ratings, disruption in the independent agency relationships, significant catastrophe losses, or products not meeting customer demands, the Exchange could find it more difficult to retain its existing business and attract new business. A decline in the business of the Exchange almost certainly would have as a consequence a decline in the total premiums paid and a correspondingly adverse effect on the amount of the management fees we receive. We also have an exposure to a concentration of credit risk related to the unsecured receivables due from the Exchange for its management fee and cost reimbursements. See Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 15, Concentrations of Credit Risk, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report. See the risk factors related to our dependency on the growth and financial condition of the Exchange in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report. 
 
 Competition 
 Our primary function as attorney-in-fact is to perform policy issuance and renewal services on behalf of the subscribers at the Exchange. We also act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. There are a limited number of companies that provide services under a reciprocal insurance exchange structure. We do not directly compete against other such companies, given we are appointed by the subscribers at the Exchange to provide these services. 
 
 The direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange drive our management fee, which is our primary source of revenue. The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive. Property and casualty insurers generally compete on the basis of customer service, price, consumer recognition, coverages offered, claims handling, financial stability and geographic coverage. Vigorous competition, particularly in the personal lines automobile and homeowners lines of business, exists from large, well-capitalized national companies, some of which have broad distribution networks of employed or captive agents, by smaller regional insurers, and by large companies who market and sell personal lines products directly to consumers. Innovations by competitors or other market participants may also increase the level of competition in the industry. In addition, because the insurance products of the Exchange are marketed exclusively through independent insurance agents, the Exchange faces competition within its appointed agencies based upon ease of doing business, product, price, and service relationships. 
 
 Market competition bears directly on the price charged for insurance products and services subject to regulatory limitations. Industry capital levels can also significantly affect prices charged for coverage. Growth is driven by a company's ability to provide insurance services and competitive prices while maintaining target profit margins. Growth is a product of a company's ability to retain existing customers and to attract new customers, as well as movement in the average premium per policy. 
 
 The Exchange's business model is designed to provide the advantages of localized marketing and claims servicing with the economies of scale and low cost of operations from centralized support services. The Exchange also carefully selects the independent agencies that represent it and seeks to be the lead insurer with its agents in order to enhance the agency relationship and the likelihood of receiving the most desirable underwriting opportunities from its agents. 
 
 The Exchange s strategic focus as a reciprocal insurer is to employ a disciplined underwriting philosophy and to leverage its strong surplus position to generate higher risk adjusted investment returns. The goal is to produce acceptable returns, on a long-term basis, through careful risk selection, rational pricing and superior investment returns. This focus allows the Exchange to accomplish its mission of providing as near perfect protection, as near perfect service as is humanly possible at the lowest possible cost. 
 
 See the risk factors related to our dependency on the growth and financial condition of the Exchange in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report for further discussion on competition in the insurance industry. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Management 
 Employee Value Proposition 
 Our human capital management strategy, including initiatives to shape our workforce and workplace, is designed to attract, retain, and develop talent to ensure we are well positioned for the future. Our partnership with our employees is one of the cornerstones of our success. 
 
 Our employee value proposition includes a culture that focuses on physical, financial, and emotional well-being. A 2022 employee survey, administered by Willis Towers Watson, indicated that our employees place a value of 84 out of 100 on their total rewards package, approximately 12 points above the industry benchmark. We offer competitive pay with a signature and affordable benefits package including options designed to meet the unique needs of our employees and their families. Employees have access to an employee assistance plan, emergency child and elder care providers, adoption assistance, and infertility assistance, among others. We hold a shared responsibility view of retirement planning whereby we provide tools and resources that employees are expected to use to achieve their retirement goals. We set ourselves apart by offering both a 401(k) savings plan and a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan. 
 
 We encourage a work/life balance for all employees. During 2022, we began returning employees to the office and addressed the need to meet business requirements while recognizing the need for employee flexibility by offering a variety of hybrid working arrangements. 
 
 An engaged workforce is necessary for accomplishing organizational objectives and our portfolio of employee experience initiatives demonstrates our commitment to provide employees an engaging environment throughout all stages of their careers. We offer professional development opportunities that are designed to prepare employees for future career growth. Employees have access to skills enhancement training and programs as well as a generous tuition reimbursement program for higher education. We also grow and develop our employees by offering talent mobility opportunities such as expanded leadership experience, job shadowing, cross-training, stretch assignments, and formal career development programs. 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI is integral to our business success. Our strength is in our people and the more diverse our backgrounds and experiences, the stronger we are. 
 
 Our department of Diversity Community Development is led by the Chief Diversity Officer who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer, affirming our commitment to DEI from executive leadership. Our DEI efforts are further supported by a dedicated team of professionals including a Vice President of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. 
 
 We foster an inclusive workplace through the endorsement of nine affinity networks and five business resource groups. Affinity networks are employee-driven groups that focus on particular dimensions of diversity and are designed to foster greater awareness and a culture of inclusion across our company. Business resource groups address business issues using a DEI lens. Through these groups, we are taking a broader approach to problem-solving and innovation by aligning cross-functional teams of employees to our business strategy. 
 
 Workforce Metrics 
 We used the following human capital metrics as part of managing our business for the years ended December 31: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Workforce size Full-time (1) 
 5,970 5,805 5,849 Part-time 23 30 31 Temporary (2) 
 45 41 34 Turnover (3) 
 11.2 8.0 5.3 Average tenure (4) 
 11.7 12.6 12.5 
 
 (1) Includes 50 of employees who provide claims and life insurance management services exclusively for the Exchange and its subsidiaries. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us monthly for the cost of these services. 
 (2) Temporary employees are hired for short-term work and paid directly by us. 
 (3) The percentage of employees who left voluntarily or involuntarily, including retirements; calculated using the number of employees who exited, divided by the average headcount of the period. 
 (4) The average number of years employees have been employed with the organization; calculated using the total number of years of employment, divided by average headcount of full-time and part-time employees for the period. 
 
 The volatile talent market experienced during the pandemic continued to be a challenge in 2022. Our turnover rate increased to 11.2 in 2022 from 8.0 in 2021 and 5.3 in 2020. The largest portion of our turnover continues to be voluntary turnover, excluding retirements, which increased to 6.9 in 2022 from 4.8 in 2021 and 2.4 in 2020, but continues to remain lower 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 than industry benchmark data. Employee retirements also contributed to the increased turnover rate as they increased to 3.6 in 2022 from 2.2 in 2021 and 2.0 in 2020. We continue to monitor turnover trends to determine the appropriate actions to ensure we are well positioned for the future. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Most states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems, defined as two or more affiliated persons, one or more of which is an insurer. Indemnity and the Exchange, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, meet the definition of an insurance holding company system. 
 
 Each insurance company in the holding company system is required to register with the insurance supervisory authority of its state of domicile and furnish information regarding the operations of companies within the holding company system that may materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of the insurers within the system. Pursuant to these laws, the respective insurance departments may examine us and the Exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries at any time, and may require disclosure and/or prior approval of certain transactions with the insurers and us, as an insurance holding company. 
 
 All transactions within a holding company system affecting the member insurers of the holding company system must be fair and reasonable and any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable. Approval by the applicable insurance commissioner is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the members within a holding company system. 
 
 Website Access 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website at www.erieinsurance.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K are available free of charge, upon written request, by contacting Investor Relations, Erie Indemnity Company, 100 Erie Insurance Place, Erie, PA 16530, or calling (800) 458-0811. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those discussed in this section. The risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors below, or any additional risk outside of those discussed below, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, or liquidity if they were to develop into actual events. This information should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and in other reports and materials we file periodically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Our risks have been divided into the following categories: 
 
 Risks related to Erie Insurance Exchange risks related to our dependence on our relationship with the Exchange associated with management fees, premium growth, and financial condition, as the Exchange is our sole customer and principal source of revenue 
 
 Operating risks risks stemming from events or circumstances that directly or indirectly affect our operations, including our operations as attorney-in-fact for the Exchange 
 
 Market, Capital, and Liquidity risks risks that may impact the values or results of our investment portfolio, ability to meet financial obligations or covenants, or obtain capital as necessary 
 
 Although we have organized risks generally according to these categories in the discussion below, risks may have impacts in more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant. 
 
 Risks related to Erie Insurance Exchange 
 
 If the management fee rate paid by the Exchange is reduced or if there is a significant decrease in the amount of direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange, revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are dependent upon management fees paid by the Exchange, which represent our principal source of revenue. Pursuant to the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the Exchange, we may retain up to 25 of all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Therefore, management fee revenue from the Exchange is calculated by multiplying the management fee rate by the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. Accordingly, any reduction in 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange and/or the management fee rate would have a negative effect on our revenues and net income. 
 
 The management fee rate is determined by our Board of Directors and may not exceed 25 of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The Board of Directors sets the management fee rate each December for the following year. At their discretion, the rate can be changed at any time. The process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both Indemnity and the Exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. The evaluation of these factors could result in a reduction to the management fee rate and our revenues and profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Serving as the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure results in the Exchange being our sole customer. The growth of the Exchange directly affects our management fee revenue, which is largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. If the Exchange's ability to grow or renew policies were adversely impacted, the premium revenue of the Exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. The circumstances or events that might impair the Exchange's ability to grow include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below. 
 
 Unfavorable changes in macroeconomic conditions for any reason, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, lower demand for certain services, reduced personal income, and recession, among others, may lead the Exchange's customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the Exchange, and consequently our management fee. 
 
 The Exchange faces significant competition from other regional and national insurance companies. The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of product, price and service. If the Exchange's competitors offer property and casualty products with more coverage or offer lower rates, and the Exchange is unable to implement product improvements quickly enough to keep pace, its ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. In addition, due to the Exchange's premium concentration in the automobile and homeowners insurance markets, it may be more sensitive to trends that could affect auto and home insurance coverages and rates over time, for example changing vehicle usage, usage-based methods of determining premiums, ownership and driving patterns such as ride sharing or remote work, advancements in vehicle or home technology or safety features such as accident and loss prevention technologies, the development of autonomous vehicles, or residential occupancy patterns, among other factors. Innovations by competitors or other market participants may increase the level of competition in the industry. If the Exchange fails to respond to those innovations on a timely basis, its competitive position and results may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The Exchange markets and sells its insurance products through independent, non-exclusive insurance agencies. These agencies are not obligated to sell only the Exchange's insurance products, and generally also sell products of the Exchange's competitors. If agencies do not maintain their current levels of marketing efforts, bind the Exchange to unacceptable risks, or place business with competing insurers, or if the Exchange is unsuccessful in attracting or retaining agencies in its distribution system or maintaining its relationships with those agencies, the Exchange's ability to grow and renew its business may be adversely impacted. More broadly, if independent agents face challenges sustaining their own business operations due to unfavorable economic conditions or staffing constraints, it could result in the sale or closure of their businesses, thereby reducing the agency force of the Exchange. Additionally, shifting consumer behaviors toward increased digital interactions may cause the insurance industry as a whole to migrate to a delivery system other than independent agencies. 
 
 The Exchange maintains a brand recognized for customer service. The perceived performance, actions, conduct and behaviors of employees, independent insurance agency representatives, and third-party service providers may result in reputational harm to the Exchange's brand. Specific incidents which may cause harm include but are not limited to disputes, long customer wait times, errors in processing a claim, failure to protect sensitive customer data, and negative or inaccurate social media or traditional media communications. Likewise, an inability to match or exceed the service provided by competitors, which is increasingly relying on digital delivery and enhanced distribution technology, may impede the Exchange's ability to maintain and/or grow its customer base. If third-party service providers fail to perform as anticipated, the Exchange may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and reputational damage. If an extreme catastrophic event were to occur in a heavily concentrated geographic area of subscribers/policyholders, an extraordinarily high number of claims could have the potential to strain claims processing and affect the Exchange's ability to satisfy its customers. Also, we, or the Exchange, may fail to meet environmental, social, and governance (ESG) expectations of our customers or other interested parties. Failure to satisfy expectations in these areas may result in negative publicity or other adverse outcomes. Any reputational harm to the Exchange could have the potential to impair its ability to grow and renew its business. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 As the attorney-in-fact in the reciprocal insurance exchange structure with the Exchange as our sole customer, we are dependent on the financial condition of the Exchange. If the Exchange were to fail to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings, its competitive position in the insurance industry would be adversely affected. If a rating downgrade led to customers not renewing or canceling policies, or impacted the Exchange's ability to attract new customers, the premium revenue of the Exchange would be adversely affected which would reduce our management fee revenue. The circumstances or events that might impair the Exchange's financial condition include, but are not limited to, the items discussed below. 
 
 Financial strength ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies such as the Exchange. Higher ratings generally indicate greater financial stability and a stronger ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. The Exchange's A.M. Best rating is currently A+ ("Superior"). A.M. Best periodically reviews the Exchange s ratings and changes their rating criteria; therefore, the Exchange's current rating may not be maintained in the future. A significant downgrade in the A.M. Best rating could reduce the competitive position of the Exchange, making it more difficult to attract profitable business in the highly competitive property and casualty insurance market and potentially result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue. 
 
 The performance of the Exchange's investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks. The Exchange's investment portfolio is comprised principally of fixed income securities, equity securities and limited partnerships. The fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, interest rate risk, investment credit risk, sector/concentration risk and liquidity risk. The Exchange's common stock and preferred equity securities have exposure to price risk, the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an adverse change in prices. Limited partnerships are significantly less liquid and generally involve higher degrees of price risk than publicly traded securities. Limited partnerships, like publicly traded securities, have exposure to market volatility; but unlike fixed income securities, cash flows and return expectations are less predictable. Additionally, a portion of the Exchange s common stock and limited partnership portfolios are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk, or the potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If any investments in the Exchange's investment portfolio were to suffer a substantial decrease in value, the Exchange's financial position could be materially adversely affected through increased unrealized losses or impairments. A significant decrease in the Exchange's portfolio could also put it, or its subsidiaries, at risk of failing to satisfy regulatory or rating agency minimum capital requirements. 
 
 Property and casualty insurers are subject to extensive regulatory supervision in the states in which they do business. This regulatory oversight includes, by way of example, matters relating to licensing, examination, rate setting, market conduct, policy forms, limitations on the nature and amount of certain investments, claims practices, mandated participation in involuntary markets and guaranty funds, reserve adequacy, insurer solvency, restrictions on underwriting standards, accounting standards, transactions between affiliates, risk management, and ESG practices. Such regulation and supervision are primarily for the benefit and protection of policyholders. Changes in applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, regulations, or changes in the way regulators administer those laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact the Exchange's business, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, or operating environment and increase its exposure to loss or put it at a competitive disadvantage, which could result in reduced sales of its products and lower premium revenue. 
 
 Property and casualty insurers face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating their businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. The Exchange and its subsidiaries have also been named as defendants in a number of pandemic-related lawsuits and, therefore, are subject to the risks and uncertainties of such litigation. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against the Exchange may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The Exchange is also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities. 
 
 The uncertainty of risks that emerge upon the occurrence of significant unexpected events, such as pandemics, or unexpected inflation caused by supply chain issues or otherwise, may cause additional challenges in the process of estimating loss and loss adjustment expense reserves or premiums to accommodate future claims and expenses. For example, the behavior of claimants and policyholders and the timing and amounts of claims settlements may change in unexpected ways. Furthermore, actions taken by governmental bodies, both legislative and regulatory, in reaction to significant unexpected events, and their related impacts, are hard to predict. The models that are used to determine appropriate premium levels, forecast future losses and expenses, estimate loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, and assess financial strength may be created or deployed in a manner that results in inaccurate predictions. This may result in changes to the Exchange's estimated level of loss and loss adjustment expense reserves or impact the adequacy of premiums to accommodate future claims and expenses. 
 
 As insurance industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. In some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after the Exchange has issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under the Exchange's insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. These issues may 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 adversely affect the Exchange's business by either extending coverage beyond its underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. If there were legislative action in response to a pandemic or other significant unexpected event that retroactively mandated coverage irrespective of terms, exclusions or other conditions included in policies, such as business interruption, that would otherwise preclude coverage, it could have a material impact on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Exchange. 
 
 The Exchange's insurance operations are exposed to claims arising out of catastrophes. Common natural catastrophic events include hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, hail storms, and severe winter weather. The frequency and severity of these catastrophes is inherently unpredictable. Changing climate conditions have added to the unpredictability of the frequency and severity of natural disasters and have created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. A single catastrophic occurrence or aggregation of multiple smaller occurrences within the geographical region of the Exchange or its assumed property reinsurance portfolio could adversely affect the financial condition of the Exchange. Man-made disasters such as terrorist attacks and riots could also cause losses from insurance claims related to the property and casualty insurance operations, which could adversely affect its financial condition. 
 
 Operating risks 
 
 If the costs of providing services to the Exchange are not controlled, our profitability could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we perform policy issuance and renewal services for the subscribers at the Exchange and we serve as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services. The most significant costs we incur in providing policy issuance and renewal services are commissions, employee costs, and technology costs. 
 
 Commissions to independent agents are our largest expense. Commissions include scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving certain targeted measures. Changes to commission rates or bonus programs may result in increased future costs and lower profitability. Our agent incentive bonuses include a profitability component. If claims frequency and loss expenses were to decrease significantly as a result of an unexpected event, such as a pandemic, the profitability component of our agent incentive bonuses would improve, and our agent compensation costs would increase. Our second largest expense is employee costs, including salaries, healthcare, pension, and other benefit costs. Regulatory developments, provider relationships, pandemics and demographic and economic factors that are beyond our control, such as inflation, are indicators that employee costs could increase which could reduce our profitability. The defined benefit pension plan we offer to our employees is affected by variable factors such as the interest rate used to discount pension liabilities, asset performance and changes in retirement patterns, which are beyond our control and any related future cost increases would reduce our profitability. 
 
 Technological development is necessary to facilitate ease of doing business for employees, agents and customers. Our technological developments are focused on simplifying and improving the employee, agent and customer experiences, increasing efficiencies, redesigning products and addressing other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. As we continue to develop technology initiatives in order to remain competitive, our profitability could be negatively impacted as we invest in system development. We may also experience increased technology costs as we re-design hybrid work models for our employees. 
 
 If we are unable to attract, develop, and retain talented executives, key managers, and employees our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain talented executives and other key management. Talent is defined as people with the right skills, knowledge, abilities, character, and motivation. The loss of the services and leadership of certain key officers and the failure to plan for turnover or retirement or to attract and develop talented new executives and managers could prevent us from successfully communicating, implementing, and executing business strategies. 
 
 Our success also depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain a talented employee base. The inability to staff all functions of our business with employees possessing the appropriate talent could have an adverse effect on our business performance. Additionally, failure to recognize, evaluate, and respond to changing workforce trends including current labor market conditions and new ways of managing in hybrid work environments, or failure to execute proactive retention and replacement strategies could also have an adverse effect on our business performance. Furthermore, failure to instill appropriate cultural expectations and behavioral norms within our employees, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation. Staffing appropriately talented employees for the handling of claims and servicing of customers, rendering of disciplined underwriting, and effective sales and marketing are critical to the core functions of our business. In addition, talented employees in the actuarial, finance, human resources, information technology, law, and risk management areas are also essential to support our core functions. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to effectively maintain system availability or manage technology initiatives, we may experience adverse financial consequences and/or may be unable to compete effectively. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent upon the effectiveness of our technology and information systems which support key functions of our core business operations including processing applications and premium payments, providing customer support, performing actuarial and financial analysis, and maintaining key data. Additionally, the Exchange relies heavily on technology systems for processing claims. In order to support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, we must maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continue to identify and develop new, and enhance existing, technology systems. As we invest in the development of our systems, costs and completion times could exceed original estimates, and/or the project may not deliver the anticipated benefit or perform as expected. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology systems, our ability to serve our customers and implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Additionally, we depend on a large amount of data to price policies appropriately, track exposures, perform financial analysis, report to regulatory bodies, and ultimately make business decisions. Should this data be inaccurate or insufficient, risk exposure may be underestimated and/or poor business decisions may be made. This may in turn lead to adverse operational or financial performance and adverse customer or investor confidence. 
 
 If we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security, including those that could result from cyber attacks, third-party relationships or cloud-based relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, use, store and where appropriate, disclose data concerning individuals and businesses. We also conduct business using third parties who may provide software, data storage, cloud-based computing and other technology services. We have on occasion experienced, and will continue to experience, cyber threats to our data and systems. Cyber threats can create significant risks such as destruction of systems or data, denial or interruption of service, disruption of transaction execution, loss or exposure of customer data, theft or exposure of our intellectual property, theft of funds or disruption of other important business functions. Our interactions with third parties may expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or effectiveness of our control system. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to numerous federal and state data privacy and security laws relating to the privacy and security of the nonpublic personal information of our customers, employees and others. The improper access, disclosure, misuse or mishandling of such information could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational damage. Third parties on whom we rely for certain business processing functions are also subject to these risks, and their failure to adhere to these laws and regulations could negatively impact us. 
 
 The number, complexity and sophistication of cyber threats continue to increase over time. While we maintain cyber liability insurance to mitigate the financial risk around cyber incidents, such insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information or systems being compromised, and such insurance may become prohibitively expensive to maintain. Additionally, while we have dedicated resources with security incident response capabilities, our response process may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not respond quickly enough or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial losses, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 To date, we are not aware of any material cybersecurity breach with respect to our systems or data. Additionally, we are not aware of any cybersecurity breach experienced by anyone with whom we have a third-party relationship that has had a material impact on our systems or data. 
 
 If events occurred causing interruption of our operations, facilities, systems or business functions, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 
 We have established business continuity and disaster recovery plans to provide for the continuation of core business operations in the event that normal business operations could not be performed due to catastrophic or other events, including pandemics. While we continue to test and assess our business continuity and disaster recovery plans to validate they meet the needs of our core business operations and address multiple business interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon the occurrence of such an event. Employee absence, physical premises damage, systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform our business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our business and customer relationships. Our operational resiliency is also dependent on third-party personnel, infrastructure and systems on which we rely. Our operations and those of our third parties may become vulnerable to damage or disruption due to circumstances beyond our or their control, such as from catastrophic events, power anomalies or 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 outages, natural disasters, pandemics, supply chain interruptions, network failures, and cyber attacks. Additionally, we are dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities. Our workforce is largely concentrated in Erie, Pennsylvania. If a significant event affects the labor force in this area, it could impact the policy acquisition, underwriting, claims and/or support services provided to the policyholders and/or independent agents of the Exchange. Disruptions to our workforce or our operations for any reason could result in a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to applicable insurance laws, tax statutes, and regulations, as well as claims and legal proceedings, which, if determined unfavorably, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 We face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses including the risk of class action lawsuits. We are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging breach of fiduciary or other duties, including our obligations to indemnify directors and officers in connection with certain legal matters. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as contractual and employment relationships and claims regarding the infringement of the intellectual property of others. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and books and record examinations from state and federal regulators and authorities. In addition, changes in the way regulators administer applicable laws, tax statutes, or regulations could adversely impact our business, cash flows, results of operations, or financial condition. It is also possible that changes in economic conditions and steps taken by federal, state and local governments in response to a pandemic or other significant events could cause an increase in taxes at the federal, state and local levels, which would adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Market, Capital, and Liquidity risks 
 
 The performance of our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of investment risks, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio consisted of approximately 84 fixed maturity securities, with the remaining 16 invested in equity securities and other investments. 
 
 General economic conditions and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our investments and the realization of net investment income, or result in realized investment losses. In addition, downward economic trends also may have an adverse effect on our investment results by negatively impacting the business conditions and impairing credit for the issuers of securities held in our respective investment portfolios. This could reduce fair values of investments and generate significant unrealized losses or impairment charges which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 The performance of the fixed income portfolio is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to: 
 
 Interest rate risk - the risk of adverse changes in the value of fixed income securities as a result of increases in market interest rates. 
 
 Investment credit risk - the risk that the value of certain investments may decrease due to the deterioration in financial condition of, or the liquidity available to, one or more issuers of those securities or, in the case of structured securities, due to the deterioration of the loans or other assets that underlie the securities, which, in each case, also includes the risk of permanent loss. 
 
 Sector/Concentration risk - the risk that the portfolio may be too heavily concentrated in the securities of one or more issuers, sectors, or industries. Events or developments that have a negative impact on any particular industry, group of related industries, or geographic region may have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated within those issuers, sectors, or industries. 
 
 Liquidity risk - the risk that we will not be able to convert investment securities into cash on favorable terms and on a timely basis, or that we will not be able to sell them at all, when desired. Disruptions in the financial markets or a lack of buyers for the specific securities that we are trying to sell, could prevent us from liquidating securities or cause a reduction in prices to levels that are not acceptable to us. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Reinvestment risk - the possibility that the cash flows produced by an investment will have to be reinvested at a reduced rate of return. Approximately 36 of our fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years. 
 
 Our equity securities have exposure to price risk. Equity markets, sectors, industries, and individual securities may also be subject to some of the same risks that affect our fixed income portfolio, as discussed above. 
 
 All of our fixed income and equity securities are subject to market volatility. To the extent that future market volatility negatively impacts our investments, our financial condition will be negatively impacted. We review the fixed income portfolio on a periodic basis to evaluate positions that are in an unrealized loss position to determine whether impairments are a result of credit loss or other factors. Inherent in management's evaluation of a security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. As the process for determining impairments is highly subjective, changes in our assessments may have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. See also Part II, Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk". 
 
 In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. After this date, the FCA would no longer require banks to make LIBOR submissions. Following discussions with the FCA and other official sector bodies, the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration announced in March 2021 the publication of certain USD LIBOR settings will continue through June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve Board (ARRC), a group of market participants convened to help ensure a successful transition away from LIBOR, has recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as its preferred alternative reference rate and has proposed a transition plan and timeline designed to encourage the adoption of SOFR from LIBOR. Volume in SOFR-linked products progressed strongly in 2022, and SOFR is now the predominant floating rate used in newly issued fixed income transactions. However, most floating rate instruments outstanding still reference LIBOR and therefore will need to transition to an alternative rate. 
 
 We have identified our population of contracts that contain a LIBOR reference and have determined that our primary exposure is in fixed income securities within our investment portfolio. At December 31, 2022, approximately 17 of our investment portfolio includes securities with LIBOR exposure where the stated final maturity date extends beyond June 30, 2023. Many of our LIBOR indexed securities have fallback provisions that provide for an alternative reference rate when LIBOR ceases to exist. For securities governed by U.S. law without adequate fallback provisions already in place, federal legislation was passed in 2022 to provide a safe harbor for transition to the recommended alternative reference rate. 
 
 We continually monitor the risks associated with the LIBOR transition which include identifying and monitoring our exposure to LIBOR, monitoring the market adoption of alternative reference rates and ensuring operational processes are updated to accommodate alternative rates. Due to the inherent uncertainty in financial markets, we are currently unable to predict the overall impact of LIBOR transition on our net investment income, fair market value and return on investments that contain a LIBOR reference. 
 
 Deteriorating capital and credit market conditions or a failure to accurately estimate capital needs may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital. 
 
 Sufficient liquidity and capital levels are required to pay operating expenses, income taxes, and to provide the necessary resources to fund future growth opportunities, satisfy certain financial covenants, pay dividends on common stock, and repurchase common stock. Management estimates the appropriate level of capital necessary based upon current and projected results, which includes evaluating potential risks. Failure to accurately estimate our capital needs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition until additional sources of capital can be obtained. Further, a deteriorating financial condition may create a negative perception of us by third parties, including investors, and financial institutions, which could impact our ability to access additional capital in the debt or equity markets. Volatility in the financial markets could also limit our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such investments to sell at deep discounts. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are management fee revenue and cash flows generated from our investment portfolio. In the event these traditional sources of liquidity are not available, we may have to seek additional financing. Our access to funds will depend upon a number of factors including current market conditions, the availability of credit, market liquidity, and the timing of obtaining credit ratings. In deteriorating market conditions, there can be no assurance that we will obtain additional financing, or, if available, that the cost of financing will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Indemnity and the Exchange share a corporate home office campus in Erie, Pennsylvania, which comprises approximately 996,000 square feet. Additionally, we lease two office buildings and one warehouse facility from third parties. We are charged rent for the related square footage we occupy. 
 
 Indemnity and the Exchange also operate 25 field offices in 12 states used to primarily support claims-related activities. The Exchange owns seven field offices and leases another 16 from third parties. Indemnity owns one field office and leases another from a third party. Commitments for properties leased from third parties expire periodically through 2027. We expect that most leases will be renewed or replaced upon expiration. Rental costs of shared facilities are allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. 
 
 Over 90 of our workforce had been working remotely from March 2020 through April 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We implemented a phased return of our workforce beginning in April 2022 and transitioned to a predominately hybrid format. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Erie Indemnity Company ("Indemnity") was named as a defendant in a complaint filed on August 24, 2021, by alleged subscribers of the Erie Insurance Exchange (the "Exchange") in the Court of Common Pleas Civil Division of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania captioned TROY STEPHENSON, CHRISTINA STEPHENSON, SUSAN RUBEL, and STEVEN BARNETT, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated (Plaintiffs) v. Erie Indemnity Company (Defendant). 
 
 The complaint seeks relief for alleged breaches of fiduciary duty by Indemnity in connection with the setting of the management fee it receives, pursuant to the terms of the Subscribers Agreement executed between Indemnity and all policyholders of the Exchange, as compensation for acting as the attorney-in-fact in the management of the Exchange. The relief sought is for the period beginning two years prior to the date of the filing of the complaint and continuing through 2021. 
 
 The complaint seeks (i) a finding that Indemnity has breached its fiduciary duties; (ii) an award of damages in an amount to be determined at trial; and (iii) such other relief, including disgorgement of profits or other injunctive relief, that the Court deems just and proper. 
 
 Service of the complaint was effectuated on September 20, 2021. A Notice of Removal to the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania was filed on October 20, 2021. On November 2, 2021, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Voluntary Dismissal. As a result, the action was dismissed without prejudice. 
 
 On December 6, 2021, another Complaint was filed in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania captioned ERIE INSURANCE EXCHANGE, an unincorporated association, by TROY STEPHENSON, CHRISTINA STEPHENSON, and STEVEN BARNETT, trustees ad litem, and alternatively, ERIE INSURANCE EXCHANGE, by TROY STEPHENSON, CHRISTINA STEPHENSON, and STEVEN BARNETT, (Plaintiff), v. ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY, (Defendant). 
 
 This most recent complaint has the same allegation of breach of fiduciary duty by Indemnity in connection with the setting of the management fee it receives, pursuant to the terms of the Subscribers Agreement executed between Indemnity and all policyholders of the Exchange, as compensation for acting as the attorney-in-fact in the management of the Exchange. 
 
 This most recent complaint seeks the same relief, specifically, (i) a finding that Indemnity has breached its fiduciary duties; (ii) an award of damages in an amount to be determined at trial; and (iii) such other relief, including disgorgement of profits or other injunctive relief, that the Court deems just and proper. 
 
 A Notice of Removal to the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania was filed on January 27, 2022. Indemnity intends to vigorously defend against all of the allegations and requests for relief in the complaint. 
 
 By Memorandum Opinion and Order dated September 28, 2022, the Court granted the Motion for Remand and directed the case be remanded to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. On September 30, 2022, Indemnity filed a Motion to Stay the Remand Order pending an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. On October 3, 2022, the Court granted the Stay. On October 11, 2022, Indemnity filed a Petition for Permission to Appeal the Remand Order with the Third Circuit. By Order dated November 7, 2022, a three judge panel of the Court denied the Petition to Appeal. 
 
 On November 21, 2022, Indemnity filed a Petition for Rehearing requesting that the Third Circuit permit the appeal. By Order dated January 9, 2023, the Court granted the petition for rehearing and vacated the prior Order of October 7, 2022, denying permission to appeal. The appeal will now be heard before the Third Circuit. 
 
 Indemnity intends to vigorously defend against all of the allegations and requests for relief in the complaint. 
 
 Separately, Indemnity filed a Complaint in Federal Court to invoke certain provisions of the All Writs Act and the Anti-Injunction Act. By filing this complaint, Indemnity seeks to protect the federal court s prior binding, final judgments in favor of Indemnity and thereby foreclose further litigation of the claims and issues pertaining to the compensation practices that were the subject of the prior judgments. 
 
 For additional information on contingencies, see Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 16, Commitment and Contingencies, of Notes to Financial Statements". 

14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock Market Prices and Dividends 
 Our Class A, non-voting common stock trades on The NASDAQ Stock Market SM LLC under the symbol "ERIE". No established trading market exists for the Class B voting common stock. Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. serves as our transfer agent and registrar. As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 527 shareholders of record for the Class A non-voting common stock and 9 shareholders of record for the Class B voting common stock. 
 
 Historically, we have declared and paid cash dividends on a quarterly basis at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The payment and amount of future dividends on the common stock will be determined by the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our operating results, financial condition, cash requirements, and general business conditions at the time such payment is considered. 
 
 Stock Performance 
 The following graph depicts the cumulative total shareholder return, assuming reinvestment of dividends, for the periods indicated for our Class A common stock compared to the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and the Standard Poor's Supercomposite Insurance Industry Group Index. The Standard Poor's Supercomposite Insurance Industry Group Index is made up of 55 constituent members represented by property and casualty insurers, insurance brokers, and life insurers, and is a capitalization weighted index. 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Erie Indemnity Company Class A common stock 100 (1) 
 113 143 218 174 230 Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index 100 (1) 
 96 126 149 191 157 Standard Poor's Supercomposite Insurance Industry Group Index 100 (1) 
 90 116 114 148 161 
 
 (1) Assumes 100 invested at the close of trading, including reinvestment of dividends, on the last trading day preceding the first day of the fifth preceding fiscal year, in our Class A common stock, the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index, and the Standard Poor's Supercomposite Insurance Industry Group Index. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We may purchase shares, from time-to-time, in the open market, through trading plans entered into with one or more brokerage firms pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or through privately negotiated transactions. The purchase of shares is dependent upon prevailing market conditions and alternate uses of capital, and at times and in a manner that is deemed appropriate. 
 
 Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program effective January 1, 1999, allowing the repurchase of our outstanding Class A nonvoting common stock. Various approvals for continuation of this program have since been authorized, with the most recent occurring in 2011 for 150 million, which was authorized with no time limitation. 
 
 The following table presents the number and average price of our outstanding Class A nonvoting common stock shares purchased during the quarter ending December 31, 2022: 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced program Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program October 1 31, 2022 17,754 November 1 30, 2022 (1) 
 1,835 254.47 17,754 December 1 31, 2022 17,754 Total 1,835 254.47 
 
 (1) Represents shares purchased on the open market to fund the rabbi trust for both the outside director deferred stock compensation plan (1,563 shares at an average price of 254.47 per share) and the incentive compensation deferral plan (272 shares at an average price of 254.47 per share). 

See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10, Incentive and Deferred Compensation Plans, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report for additional information on shares purchased outside of this program. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Not applicable. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion of financial condition and results of operations highlights significant factors influencing Erie Indemnity Company ("Indemnity", "we", "us", "our"). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes and all other items contained within this Annual Report on Form 10-K as these contain important information helpful in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 

INDEX 
 Page Number Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 17 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 18 
 Operating Overview 
 19 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 22 
 Results of Operations 
 25 
 Financial Condition 
 31 
 Investments 
 31 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 32 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 33 
 Transactions/Agreements with Related Parties 
 36 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 "Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: 
 Statements contained herein that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements and, as such, are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ, perhaps materially, from those discussed herein. Forward-looking statements relate to future trends, events or results and include, without limitation, statements and assumptions on which such statements are based that are related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions, and adequacy of resources. Examples of forward-looking statements are discussions relating to premium and investment income, expenses, operating results, and compliance with contractual and regulatory requirements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Among the risks and uncertainties, in addition to those set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that could cause actual results and future events to differ from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements include the following: 
 
 dependence upon our relationship with the Erie Insurance Exchange ("Exchange") and the management fee under the agreement with the subscribers at the Exchange; 
 dependence upon our relationship with the Exchange and the growth of the Exchange, including: 
 general business and economic conditions; 
 factors affecting insurance industry competition; 
 dependence upon the independent agency system; and 
 ability to maintain our reputation for customer service; 
 dependence upon our relationship with the Exchange and the financial condition of the Exchange, including: 
 the Exchange's ability to maintain acceptable financial strength ratings; 
 factors affecting the quality and liquidity of the Exchange's investment portfolio; 
 changes in government regulation of the insurance industry; 
 litigation and regulatory actions; 
 emergence of significant unexpected events, including pandemics and inflation; 
 emerging claims and coverage issues in the industry; and 
 severe weather conditions or other catastrophic losses, including terrorism; 
 costs of providing policy issuance and renewal services to the Exchange under the subscriber's agreement; 
 ability to attract and retain talented management and employees; 
 ability to ensure system availability and effectively manage technology initiatives; 
 difficulties with technology or data security breaches, including cyber attacks; 
 ability to maintain uninterrupted business operations; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 outcome of pending and potential litigation; 
 factors affecting the quality and liquidity of our investment portfolio; and 
 our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital. 
 
 A forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and reflects our analysis only as of that date. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 
 See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards and the impact on our financial statements. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATING OVERVIEW 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Pennsylvania business corporation that since 1925 has been the managing attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the Exchange, a reciprocal insurer that writes property and casualty insurance. Our primary function as attorney-in-fact is to perform policy issuance and renewal services on behalf of the subscribers at the Exchange. We also act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. 
 
 The Exchange is a reciprocal insurance exchange, which is an unincorporated association of individuals, partnerships and corporations that agree to insure one another. Each applicant for insurance to the Exchange signs a subscriber's agreement, which contains an appointment of Indemnity as their attorney-in-fact to transact the business of the Exchange on their behalf. 
 
 Pursuant to the subscriber s agreement for acting as attorney-in-fact in these two capacities, we earn a management fee. Management fee revenue is based upon all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange and the management fee rate, which is not to exceed 25 . Our Board of Directors establishes the management fee rate at least annually, generally in December for the following year. The process of setting the management fee rate includes the evaluation of current year operating results compared to both prior year and industry estimated results for both Indemnity and the Exchange, and consideration of several factors for both entities including: their relative financial strength and capital position; projected revenue, expense and earnings for the subsequent year; future capital needs; as well as competitive position. The management fee rate was set at 25 for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our Board of Directors set the 2023 management fee rate again at 25 , its maximum level. 
 
 Our earnings are primarily driven by the management fee revenue generated for the services we provide to the Exchange. The policy issuance and renewal services we provide to the Exchange are related to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies. The sales related services we provide include agent compensation and certain sales and advertising support services. Agent compensation includes scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving targeted measures. Agent compensation comprised approximately 66 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The underwriting services we provide include underwriting and policy processing and comprised approximately 10 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The remaining services we provide include customer service and administrative support. We also provide information technology services that support all the functions listed above that comprised approximately 11 of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. Included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these policy issuance and renewal functions. 
 
 By virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the Exchange does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. Indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. Claims handling services include costs incurred in the claims process, including the adjustment, investigation, defense, recording and payment functions. Life insurance management services include costs incurred in the management and processing of life insurance business. Investment management services are related to investment trading activity, accounting and all other functions attributable to the investment of funds. In 2022, approximately 71 of the administrative services expenses are entirely attributable to the respective administrative functions (claims handling, life insurance management and investment management), while the remaining 29 of these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. The expenses we incur and related reimbursements we receive for administrative services are presented gross in our Statements of Operations. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements are settled at cost on a monthly basis. State insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department. 
 
 Our results of operations are tied to the growth and financial condition of the Exchange as the Exchange is our sole customer, and our earnings are largely generated from management fees based on the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The Exchange generates revenue by insuring preferred and standard risks, with personal lines comprising 69 of the 2022 direct and affiliated assumed written premiums and commercial lines comprising the remaining 31 . The principal personal lines products are private passenger automobile and homeowners. The principal commercial lines products are commercial multi-peril, commercial automobile and workers compensation. 
 
 We generate investment income from our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios. Our portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. We actively evaluate the portfolios for securities in an 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 unrealized loss position and record impairment write-downs on investments in instances where we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security. Impairments resulting from a credit loss are recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 Uncertainty resulting from current events, including but not limited to, post-pandemic conditions, supply chain disruptions and certain geopolitical concerns, have influenced various economic factors, including an elevated inflationary environment and rising interest rates over the past year. As these events continue to evolve, the ultimate impact and duration remain uncertain. The following sections provide a summary of the more relevant financial impacts, risk monitoring activities, and operational considerations for Indemnity and the Exchange. 
 
 The impact that the COVID-19 pandemic and post-pandemic inflation has on the premiums written by the Exchange, our sole customer, affects our management fee revenue. While reduced driving conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic prompted the Exchange to implement personal and commercial auto rate reductions in 2020, higher severity from continued supply chain disruptions and inflation impacted rate decisions in 2021, resulting in increased average premiums per policy in 2022. There may also be other market and/or regulatory pressures that could impact the Exchange s operations. Response to the COVID-19 pandemic and various recent geopolitical events have also had a significant impact on the global financial markets, including rising interest rates, which could impact future losses and impairments to the investment portfolio. We have provided additional disclosure of these impacted areas throughout our Management s Discussion and Analysis that follows. A broader discussion of the potential future impacts has also been disclosed in Financial Condition and Liquidity and Capital Resources contained within this report, as well as Part I. Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report. 
 
 While we were not required to close our physical locations under the state mandated closure of nonessential services during the pandemic, out of concern for the health and safety of our employees, over 90 of our workforce had been working remotely from March 2020 through April 2022. We did not experience significant interruptions to our core business processes or systems and did not have significant changes to our financial close reporting processes or related internal controls as a result of remote work. We implemented a phased return of our workforce beginning in April 2022 and transitioned to a predominately hybrid format. Consistent with our process from the beginning of the pandemic, we prioritize the health and safety of our employees and will adjust as appropriate. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Overview 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Operating income 376,214 18.3 318,097 (5.9) 338,157 Total investment income 632 (99.1) 67,332 NM 32,867 Interest expense, net 2,009 (51.4) 4,132 NM 731 Other income (expense) 1,615 NM (4,893) NM (1,778) Income before income taxes 376,452 0.0 376,404 2.1 368,515 Income tax expense 77,883 (0.8) 78,544 4.4 75,211 Net income 298,569 0.2 297,860 1.6 293,304 Net income per share - diluted 5.71 0.3 5.69 1.6 5.61 
 
 NM = not meaningful 

Operating income increased in 2022 compared to 2021 as growth in operating revenue outpaced the growth in operating expenses. Management fee revenue is based upon the management fee rate we charge and the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The management fee rate was 25 for 2022, 2021, and 2020. The direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange increased 9.2 to 8.6 billion in 2022 and 3.3 to 7.9 billion in 2021. 
 
 Cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 7.0 to 1.8 billion in 2022 primarily due to higher scheduled commissions driven by direct and affiliated assumed written premium growth, as well as increased professional fees and technology costs, partially offset by decreased agent incentive compensation driven by higher claims severity and related loss costs experienced by the Exchange. Cost of operations for policy issuance and renewal services increased 5.6 to 1.7 billion in 2021 primarily due to higher commissions driven by direct and affiliated assumed written premium growth, increased technology costs, increased administrative and other costs, and higher agent incentive compensation from profitable growth. 
 
 Management fee revenue for administrative services remained consistent at 58.3 million in 2022 compared to a decrease of 2.0 in 2021. The administrative services reimbursement revenue and corresponding cost of operations increased both total operating revenue and total operating expenses by 668.3 million in 2022 and 638.5 million in 2021, but had no net impact on operating income. 
 
 Total investment income decreased 66.7 million in 2022 primarily due to a decrease in net investment income as well as net realized and unrealized investment losses in 2022 compared to net gains in 2021. Total investment income increased 34.5 million in 2021 primarily due to an increase in net investment income. The changes in net investment income in both periods were driven by results in our limited partnership portfolio. 
 
 General Conditions and Trends Affecting Our Business 
 Economic conditions 
 Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, including declining consumer confidence, inflation, high unemployment, and the threat of recession, among others, may lead the Exchange s customers to modify coverage, not renew policies, or even cancel policies, which could adversely affect the premium revenue of the Exchange, and consequently our management fee. The extent to which economic conditions could impact the Exchange s operations and our management fee was exacerbated with the COVID-19 pandemic and the post-pandemic economic environment. In particular, unanticipated increased inflation costs including medical cost inflation, building material cost inflation, auto repair and replacement cost inflation, and tort issues may impact adequacy of estimated loss reserves and future premium rates of the Exchange. The extent and duration of the impacts to economic conditions remain uncertain as post-pandemic conditions continue to evolve. If any of these items impacted the financial condition or operations of the Exchange, it could have an impact on our financial results. See Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources, and Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report for a discussion of potential impacts to our operations or those of the Exchange. 
 
 Financial market volatility 
 Our portfolio of fixed maturity and equity security investments is subject to market volatility especially in periods of instability in the worldwide financial markets. Over time, net investment income could also be impacted by volatility and by the general level of interest rates, which impact reinvested cash flow from the portfolio and business operations. Depending upon market conditions, which are unpredictable and remain uncertain, considerable fluctuation could exist in the fair value of our investment portfolio and reported total investment income, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 results of operations, and cash flows. Post-pandemic conditions and various recent geopolitical events have had a significant impact on the global financial markets. The value of our invested assets could be adversely impacted and there is potential for future losses and/or impairments on our investment portfolio resulting from continued supply chain disruptions, further inflationary pressures and rising interest rates. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The financial statements include amounts based upon estimates and assumptions that have a significant effect on reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if 1) it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and 2) different estimates that could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are likely to occur from period-to-period, could have a material impact on our Statements of Operations or Financial Position. 
 
 The following presents a discussion of those accounting policies surrounding estimates that we believe are the most critical to our reported amounts and require the most subjective and complex judgment. If actual events differ significantly from the underlying assumptions, there could be material adjustments to prior estimates that could potentially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The estimates and the estimating methods used are reviewed continually, and any adjustments considered necessary are reflected in current earnings. 
 
 Investment Valuation 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 We make estimates concerning the fair value of our investments using valuation techniques to derive the fair value of the fixed maturity and equity investments we hold. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between willing market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 Fair value measurements are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our view of market assumptions in the absence of observable market information. We utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Our investments are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy which assigns a Level 1 for highly observable inputs and a Level 3 to unobservable inputs. We continually assess whether or not an active market exists for all of our investments and as of each reporting date we re-evaluate their classification in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 As of each reporting period, financial instruments recorded at fair value are classified based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The presence of at least one unobservable input that has significant impact to the fair value measurement would result in classification as a Level 3 instrument. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset, such as the relative impact on the fair value as a result of including a particular input and market conditions. While estimates of the fair values of our investment portfolio are obtained from outside pricing services, we ultimately determine whether the inputs used are observable or unobservable. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of the securities measured at fair value in our investment portfolio are classified as Level 2. Level 2 securities are valued using industry-standard models that consider various inputs, such as the interest rate and credit spread for the underlying financial instruments. All significant inputs are observable, or derived from observable information in the marketplace, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. At December 31, 2022, our investments classified as Level 3 were not significant. 
 
 See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 5, Fair Value, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report for additional details on the fair value measurement of our investments. 
 
 Impairments 
 During 2022, as a result of rising interest rates, unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio increased significantly. We regularly monitor our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios for price changes and perform detailed reviews of securities in an unrealized loss position that may indicate that credit-related or other impairments exist. As of December 31, 2022, our intent to sell and credit-related impairments were not material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report for additional details on impairments of available-for-sale securities. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Retirement Benefit Plans for Employees 
 Our pension plans consist of a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees and an unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan ("SERP") for certain members of executive and senior management. Although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 58 of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which represents pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and an allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions. 
 
 Our pension obligation is developed from actuarial estimates. Several statistical and other factors, which attempt to anticipate future events, are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans. Key factors include assumptions about the discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets. We review these assumptions annually and modify them considering historical experience, current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, and expected future trends. 
 
 Accumulated and projected benefit obligations are expressed as the present value of future cash payments. We discount those cash payments based upon a yield curve developed from corporate bond yield information with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits. Lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year pension expense, while higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense. The construction of the yield curve is based upon yields of corporate bonds rated AA or equivalent quality. Target yields are developed from bonds at various maturity points and a curve is fitted to those targets. Spot rates (zero coupon bond yields) are developed from the yield curve and used to discount benefit payment amounts associated with each future year. The present value of plan benefits is calculated by applying the spot/discount rates to projected benefit cash flows. A single discount rate is then developed to produce the same present value. The cash flows from the yield curve were matched against our projected benefit payments in the pension plan, which have a duration of about 15 years. This yield curve supported the selection of a 5.67 discount rate for the projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2022 and for the 2023 pension expense. The same methodology was used to develop the 3.16 and 2.96 discount rates used to determine the projected benefit obligation for 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the pension expense for 2022 and 2021, respectively. A 25 basis point decrease in the discount rate assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would increase pension cost in the following year by 3.6 million, of which our share would be approximately 1.5 million, and would increase the pension benefit obligation by 32.3 million. 
 
 Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses arise from several factors, including experience and assumption changes in the obligations and from the difference between expected returns and actual returns on plan assets. These unrecognized gains and losses are recorded in the pension plan obligation and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). These amounts are systematically recognized to net periodic pension expense in future periods, with gains decreasing and losses increasing future pension expense. If actuarial net gains or losses exceed 5 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets, the excess is recognized through the net periodic pension expense equally over the estimated service period of the employee group, which is currently 14 years. 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return for the pension plan represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid. To determine the expected long-term rate of return assumption, we utilized models based upon rigorous historical analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets based upon key factors such as historical returns for the asset class' applicable indices, the correlations of the asset classes under various market conditions and consensus views on future real economic growth and inflation. The expected future return for each asset class is then combined by considering correlations between asset classes and the volatilities of each asset class to produce a reasonable range of asset return results within which our expected long-term rate of return assumption falls. While the expected long-term rate of return is generally less susceptible to annual revisions as there are typically no significant changes in the asset mix, we increased the expected return on asset assumption from 5.50 to 6.50 in 2023 based on the current asset allocation and considering a review of the key factors and expectations of future performance as well as the current market environment. A change of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of return assumption, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated 2.6 million impact on net pension benefit cost in the following year, of which our share would be approximately 1.1 million. 
 
 We use a four-year averaging method to determine the market-related value of plan assets, which is used to determine the expected return component of pension expense. Under this methodology, asset gains or losses that result from returns that differ from our long-term rate of return assumption are recognized in the market-related value of assets on a level basis over a four-year period. The market-related asset experience during 2022 that related to the actual investment return being different from that assumed during the prior year was a loss of 358.6 million. Recognition of this loss will be deferred and recognized over a four-year period, consistent with the market-related asset value methodology. Once factored into the market-related 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 asset value, these experience gains and losses will be amortized over a period of 14 years, which is the remaining service period of the employee group. 
 
 We expect our net pension benefit cost to decrease from 44.2 million in 2022 to income of 7.8 million in 2023 primarily due to higher discount rates and expected return on assets, partially offset by lower than expected asset returns during 2022. Our share of the net pension benefit costs after reimbursements was 18.6 million in 2022. We expect our share of the net pension benefit income to be approximately 3.3 million in 2023, of which expense of 11.5 million will be recorded in operating expense and income of 14.8 million will be recorded in other income. 
 
 The actuarial assumptions we used in determining our pension obligation may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates, or longer or shorter life spans of participants. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. See Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 9, Postretirement Benefits, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report for additional details on the pension plans. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management fee revenue 
 We have two performance obligations in the subscriber s agreement, providing policy issuance and renewal services and acting as attorney-in-fact for the Exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. We earn management fees for acting as the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the Exchange in these two capacities and allocate our revenues between our performance obligations. 
 
 Management fee rate 
 The management fee is calculated by multiplying all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange by the management fee rate, which is determined by our Board of Directors at least annually. The management fee rate was set at 25 , the maximum rate, for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Changes in the management fee rate can affect our revenue and net income significantly. The transaction price, including management fee revenue and administrative services reimbursement revenue, includes variable consideration and is allocated based on the estimated standalone selling prices developed using industry information and other available information for similar services. We update the transaction price and the related allocation at least annually based upon the most recent information available or more frequently if there have been significant changes in any components considered in the transaction price. Our current and prior year transaction price allocation reviews resulted in minor changes in the allocation percentages between the two performance obligations in all periods, which did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 The following table presents the allocation and disaggregation of revenue for our two performance obligations: 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Policy issuance and renewal services Direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange 
 8,595,960 9.2 7,868,311 3.3 7,613,519 Management fee rate 24.3 24.3 24.2 Management fee revenue 2,088,818 9.2 1,912,000 3.8 1,842,472 Change in estimate for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1) 
 (972) NM 1,166 NM (678) Management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services 2,087,846 9.1 1,913,166 3.9 1,841,794 Administrative services Direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange 
 8,595,960 9.2 7,868,311 3.3 7,613,519 Management fee rate 0.7 0.7 0.8 Management fee revenue 60,172 9.2 55,078 (9.6) 60,908 Change in contract liability (2) 
 (1,865) NM 3,195 NM (1,376) Change in estimate for management fee returned on cancelled policies (1) 
 16 24.7 13 NM (69) Management fee revenue - administrative services 58,323 0.1 58,286 (2.0) 59,463 Administrative services reimbursement revenue 
 668,268 4.7 638,483 4.8 609,435 Total revenue from administrative services 
 726,591 4.3 696,769 4.2 668,898 
 NM = not meaningful 
 
 (1) A constraining estimate of variable consideration exists related to the potential for management fees to be returned if a policy were to be cancelled mid-term. Management fees are returned to the Exchange when policies are cancelled mid-term and unearned premiums are refunded. 
 (2) Management fee revenue - administrative services is recognized over time as the services are provided. See Item 8. "Financial Statements - Note 3, Revenue, of Notes to Financial Statements" contained within this report. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange 
 Direct and affiliated assumed premiums include premiums written directly by the Exchange and premiums assumed from its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries. Direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange increased 9.2 to 8.6 billion in 2022, from 7.9 billion in 2021, primarily driven by increased personal lines and commercial multi-peril premiums written . Year-over-year policies in force for all lines of business increased 3.6 in 2022 as the result of continuing strong policyholder retention and an increase in new policies written, compared to 3.2 in 2021. The year-over-year average premium per policy for all lines of business increased 5.4 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.1 at December 31, 2021. The year-over-year average premium per policy at December 31, 2021 was impacted by the rate reductions for personal and commercial auto policies written between January 1, 2021 and June 30, 2021, in response to lower driving activity resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Premiums generated from new business increased 14.5 to 1.1 billion in 2022. Contributing to this change was a 10.4 increase in year-over-year average premium per policy on new business at December 31, 2022 and a 3.7 increase in new business policies written. Premiums generated from new business increased 13.2 to 965 million in 2021. New business policies written increased 9.0 in 2021 and year-over-year average premium per policy on new business increased 3.9 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Premiums generated from renewal business increased 8.5 to 7.5 billion in 2022, and increased 2.1 to 6.9 billion, in 2021. Underlying the trend in renewal business premiums was an increase in year-over-year policies in force of 3.6 and 2.4 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, driven by a slight increase in policy retention ratios, as well as a 4.7 increase in year-over-year average premium per policy at December 31, 2022, compared to a 0.3 decrease at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Exchange implements rate changes in order to meet loss cost expectations. In response to reduced driving conditions in 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Exchange implemented 200 million in personal and commercial auto rate reductions on policies written between July 1, 2020 and June 30, 2021. These rate reductions resulted in a decrease to Exchange s written premium of approximately 110 million and 90 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Claims frequency increased as driving activity returned to near pre-pandemic levels in 2021 and 2022. Inflation-driven severity increases in 2021 and 2022, combined with increasing claim frequency, impacted 2022 underwriting results, and may impact future rate decisions. 
 
 As the Exchange writes policies with annual terms only, rate actions take 12 months to be fully recognized in written premium and 24 months to be recognized in earned premiums. Since rate changes are realized at renewal, it takes 12 months to implement a rate change to all policyholders and another 12 months to earn the increased or decreased premiums in full. As a result, certain rate changes approved in 2021 were reflected in 2022, and a portion of the rate actions approved in 2022 will be reflected in 2023. Furthermore, the Exchange writes certain personal auto policies with a rate locking feature, which generally extends the amount of time it takes for rate actions to be recognized. The Exchange continuously evaluates pricing and product offerings to meet consumer demands. 
 
 Personal lines Total personal lines premiums written increased 8.4 to 6.0 billion in 2022, from 5.5 billion in 2021, driven by a 4.4 increase in total personal lines year-over-year average premium per policy and a 3.9 increase in total personal lines policies in force. Total personal lines policies in force increased 3.1 in 2021 and year-over-year average premium per policy decreased 0.6 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Commercial lines Total commercial lines premiums written increased 11.2 to 2.6 billion in 2022, compared to 2021, driven by a 9.0 increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy and a 2.0 increase in total commercial lines policies in force. Total commercial lines premiums written increased 5.4 in 2021, compared to 2020, driven by a 3.6 increase in total commercial lines policies in force and a 1.7 increase in the total commercial lines year-over-year average premium per policy. 
 
 Future trends-premium revenue Through a careful agency selection process, the Exchange plans to continue its effort to expand the size of its agency force to increase market penetration in existing operating territories to contribute to future growth. 
 
 Changes in premium levels attributable to the growth in policies in force directly affect the profitability of the Exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. Our continued focus on underwriting discipline and the maturing of pricing sophistication models have contributed to the Exchange's steady policy retention ratios. The continued growth of its policy base is dependent upon the Exchange's ability to retain existing and attract new subscribers/policyholders. A lack of new policy growth or the inability to retain existing customers could have an adverse effect on the Exchange's premium level growth, and consequently our management fee. 
 
 Changes in premium levels attributable to rate changes also directly affect the profitability of the Exchange and have a direct bearing on our management fee. Pricing actions contemplated or taken by the Exchange are subject to various regulatory requirements of the states in which it operates. The pricing actions already implemented, or to be implemented, have an effect 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 on the market competitiveness of the Exchange's insurance products. Such pricing actions, and those of the Exchange's competitors, could affect the ability of the Exchange's agents to retain and attract new business; additionally, exposure reductions and/or changes in mix of business as a result of post-pandemic economic conditions or other significant unexpected events could impact the average direct and affiliated assumed premium written by the Exchange, as customers may reduce coverages. Future premiums could also be impacted by changes resulting from the continued inflationary trends and potential regulatory changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, among others. The extent of the impact to the Exchange's premiums and our management fee cannot be estimated with a high degree of certainty at this time given the ongoing developments related to supply chain disruptions and current inflationary trends. See also Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report. 
 
 Policy issuance and renewal services 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services 2,087,846 9.1 1,913,166 3.9 1,841,794 Service agreement revenue 25,687 6.8 24,042 (6.8) 25,797 2,113,533 9.1 1,937,208 3.7 1,867,591 Cost of policy issuance and renewal services 
 1,795,642 7.0 1,677,397 5.6 1,588,897 Operating income - policy issuance and renewal services 
 317,891 22.4 259,811 (6.8) 278,694 

Policy issuance and renewal services 
 We allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 24.3 of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange, for providing policy issuance and renewal services. The allocation of management fee for these services was 24.3 and 24.2 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. This portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue when the policy is issued or renewed because it is at that time that the services we provide are substantially complete and the executed insurance policy is transferred to the customer. The increase in management fee revenue for policy issuance and renewal services was driven by the increase in the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange discussed previously. 
 
 Service agreement revenue 
 Service agreement revenue primarily consists of service charges we collect from subscribers/policyholders for providing multiple payment plans on policies written by the Exchange and its property and casualty subsidiaries and also includes late payment and policy reinstatement fees. The service charges are fixed dollar amounts per billed installment. In July 2021, we also began receiving service agreement revenue from the Exchange for the use of shared office space, which increased service agreement revenue by 2.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Cost of policy issuance and renewal services 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Commissions: Total commissions 1,179,569 6.4 1,108,426 5.4 1,051,272 Non-commission expense: Underwriting and policy processing 171,625 3.9 165,183 2.8 160,646 Information technology 198,157 7.1 185,096 6.5 173,827 Sales and advertising 60,000 14.3 52,511 (1.3) 53,212 Customer service 34,333 (6.5) 36,720 6.0 34,638 Administrative and other 151,958 17.4 129,461 12.3 115,302 Total non-commission expense 616,073 8.3 568,971 5.8 537,625 Total cost of policy issuance and renewal services 
 1,795,642 7.0 1,677,397 5.6 1,588,897 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Commissions Commissions increased 71.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the growth in direct and affiliated assumed written premium, partially offset by a decrease in agent incentive compensation. The profitability component of agent incentive compensation decreased due to higher claims severity and related loss costs in 2022. Commissions increased 57.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 resulting from higher direct and affiliated assumed written premium, primarily in lines of business that pay a higher commission rate. To a lesser extent, there was also an increase in agent incentive compensation in 2021 compared to 2020 related to profitable growth. 
 
 Non-commission expense Non-commission expense increased 47.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased 6.4 million primarily due to increased underwriting report, printing, and personnel costs. Information technology costs increased 13.1 million primarily due to increased hardware and software costs and professional fees, partially offset by decreased personnel costs. Sales and advertising costs increased 7.5 million primarily due to increased advertising and agent-related expenses. Administrative and other expenses increased 22.5 million primarily due to an increase in personnel costs related to compensation and increased professional fees. 
 
 In 2021, non-commission expense increased 31.3 million compared to 2020. Underwriting and policy processing costs increased 4.5 million primarily due to increased personnel costs and underwriting report costs. Information technology costs increased 11.3 million primarily due to increased hardware and software costs and personnel costs. Administrative and other expenses increased 14.2 million primarily due to increased professional fees and building and equipment depreciation. Personnel costs in all categories were impacted by higher medical costs compared to the prior year as the COVID-19 pandemic reduced elective procedures in 2020. 
 
 Administrative services 
 Years ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Management fee revenue - administrative services 58,323 0.1 58,286 (2.0) 59,463 Administrative services reimbursement revenue 
 668,268 4.7 638,483 4.8 609,435 Total revenue allocated to administrative services 
 726,591 4.3 696,769 4.2 668,898 Administrative services expenses 
 Claims handling services 
 576,799 5.5 546,962 4.2 525,072 Investment management services 
 36,795 (5.3) 38,862 5.5 36,835 Life management services 
 54,674 3.8 52,659 10.8 47,528 Operating income - administrative services 
 58,323 0.1 58,286 (2.0) 59,463 

Administrative services 
 We allocate a portion of the management fee, which currently equates to 0.7 of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange, to the administrative services. The allocation of management fee for these services was 0.7 and 0.8 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. This portion of the management fee is recognized as revenue over a four-year period representing the time over which the services are provided. We also report reimbursed costs as revenues, which are recognized monthly as services are provided. The administrative services expenses we incur and the related reimbursements we receive are recorded gross in the Statements of Operations. 
 
 Cost of administrative services 
 By virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the Exchange does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. Indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements due from the Exchange and its insurance subsidiaries are recorded as a receivable and settled at cost. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Total investment income 
 A summary of the results of our investment operations is as follows for the years ended December 31: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 Change 2021 Change 2020 Net investment income 28,585 (54.0) 62,177 NM 29,753 Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains (27,286) NM 4,946 (22.6) 6,392 Net impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in earnings (667) NM 209 NM (3,278) Total investment income 632 (99.1) 67,332 NM 32,867 
 
 NM = not meaningful 

Net investment income 
 Net investment income includes interest and dividends on our fixed maturity and equity security portfolios and the results of our limited partnership investments, net of investment expenses. Net investment income decreased 33.6 million in 2022, compared to 2021, and increased 32.4 million in 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to equity in (losses) earnings of limited partnerships. Net investment income includes equity in losses of limited partnerships of 10.4 million in 2022, equity in earnings of limited partnerships of 31.7 million in 2021, and equity in losses of limited partnerships of 0.6 million in 2020. 
 
 In January 2023, the general partner of one of our private equity limited partnerships informed us of a significant decrease in the fair value of one of their underlying investments. The unrealized loss is estimated to be 11 million and will be recorded in net investment income (loss) in our first quarter 2023 financial statements consistent with our policy of recording limited partnership results on a quarter lag. 
 
 Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains 
 A breakdown of our net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains is as follows for the years ended December 31: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Securities sold: Available-for-sale securities (14,050) 5,131 1,335 Equity securities (1,866) (76) (469) Equity securities change in fair value (11,372) (110) 5,525 Miscellaneous 2 1 1 Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains (27,286) 4,946 6,392 

Net realized and unrealized losses of 27.3 million in 2022 were primarily due to disposals of available-for-sale securities and market value adjustments on equity securities. Net realized and unrealized gains of 4.9 million in 2021 were primarily due to disposals of available-for-sale securities, while gains of 6.4 million in 2020 were primarily due to market value adjustments on equity securities and sales of available-for-sale securities. 
 
 Net impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in earnings 
 Net impairment losses of 0.7 million in 2022 were related to available-for-sale securities and include 0.5 million of credit impairment losses and 0.2 million of securities in an unrealized loss position where we had intent to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis. Net impairment recoveries of 0.2 million in 2021 were primarily the result of a change in the current expected credit loss allowance related to our agent loans. Net impairment losses recognized on available-for-sale securities in 2020 include 2.3 million of securities in an unrealized loss position where we had intent to sell prior to recovery of our amortized cost basis and 0.7 million of credit impairment losses. The remaining 2020 impairments include the change in the current expected credit loss allowance related to our agent loans. The COVID-19 pandemic's impact on financial markets contributed to higher impairment losses on our available-for-sale securities during 2020 compared to other years presented. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition of Erie Insurance Exchange 
 Serving in the capacity of attorney-in-fact for the Exchange, we are dependent on the growth and financial condition of the Exchange, who is our sole customer. The strength of the Exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries is rated annually by A.M. Best Company through assessing its financial stability and ability to pay claims. The ratings are generally based upon factors relevant to policyholders and are not directed toward return to investors. The Exchange and each of its property and casualty subsidiaries are rated A+ "Superior", the second highest financial strength rating, which is assigned to companies that have achieved superior overall performance when compared to the standards established by A.M. Best and have a superior ability to meet obligations to policyholders over the long term. On August 9, 2022, the outlook for the financial strength rating was affirmed as stable. As of December 31, 2022, only approximately 12 of insurance groups, in which the Exchange is included, are rated A+ or higher. 
 
 The financial statements of the Exchange are prepared in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Financial statements prepared under statutory accounting principles focus on the solvency of the insurer and generally provide a more conservative approach than under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Statutory direct written premiums of the Exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries grew 9.2 to 8.6 billion in 2022 from 7.9 billion in 2021. These premiums, along with investment income, are the major sources of cash that support the operations of the Exchange. Policyholders' surplus, determined under statutory accounting principles, was 10.1 billion and 11.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Exchange and its wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries' year-over-year policy retention ratio continues to be high at 90.5 at December 31, 2022 and 90.1 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We have prepared our financial statements considering the financial strength of the Exchange based on its A.M. Best rating and strong level of surplus. While policyholders' surplus declined by 1.6 billion from 2021 driven by higher loss costs and realized and unrealized investment losses resulting from post-pandemic economic conditions, we continue to monitor these conditions and believe that the Exchange falls within established risk tolerances. However, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" for possible outcomes that could impact that determination. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Investments 
 Our investment portfolio is managed with the objective of maximizing after-tax returns on a risk-adjusted basis. The following table presents the carrying value of our investments as of December 31: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 to total 2021 to total Fixed maturities 894,661 84 946,085 83 Equity securities 72,560 7 87,743 8 Agent loans (1) 
 69,476 7 66,368 6 Other investments 30,511 2 36,846 3 Total investments 
 1,067,208 100 1,137,042 100 
 (1) The current portion of agent loans is included in the line item "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" in the Statements of Financial Position. 

We continually review our investment portfolio for impairment and determine whether the impairment is a result of credit loss or other factors. We individually analyze all positions with an emphasis on those in a significant unrealized loss position. If we have the intent to sell or it's more likely than not that we would be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis, the entire impairment is recognized in earnings. Factors considered in the evaluation of credit loss include the extent to which fair value is less than cost and fundamental factors specific to the issuer such as financial condition, changes in credit ratings, near and long-term business prospects and other factors, as well as the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost of the security. Impairment resulting from credit loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding allowance on the balance sheet. We believe our investment valuation philosophy and accounting practices result in appropriate and timely measurement of fair value and recognition of impairment. 
 
 Fixed maturities 
 Under our investment strategy, we maintain a fixed maturity portfolio that is of high quality and well diversified within each market sector. This investment strategy also achieves a balanced maturity schedule. Our fixed maturity portfolio is managed with the goal of achieving reasonable returns while limiting exposure to risk. 
 
 Fixed maturities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, included in shareholders' equity. Net unrealized losses on fixed maturities, net of deferred taxes, totaled 52.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to net unrealized gains of 6.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in investment portfolio positions with unrealized losses contributed to an increase in our deferred tax assets. Our evaluation of deferred tax assets and the need for a valuation allowance included available tax planning strategies that could be implemented, if necessary, to support the realizability of deferred tax assets. We believe those tax strategies are feasible and prudent. 
 
 The following table presents a breakdown of the fair value of our fixed maturity portfolio by industry sector and rating as of December 31, 2022: (1) 
 (in thousands) Non-investment Fair AAA AA A BBB grade value Basic materials 0 0 0 4,445 6,048 10,493 Communications 0 2,850 12,605 12,285 15,300 43,040 Consumer 0 4,876 12,164 70,397 36,073 123,510 Diversified 0 0 0 0 439 439 Energy 0 0 3,780 22,622 5,903 32,305 Financial 0 0 95,076 115,064 13,629 223,769 Industrial 0 0 10,102 16,297 20,393 46,792 Structured securities (2) 
 132,698 173,793 20,938 12,863 0 340,292 Technology 1,866 0 5,287 19,973 13,241 40,367 Utilities 0 0 3,378 26,954 3,322 33,654 Total 
 134,564 181,519 163,330 300,900 114,348 894,661 
 
 (1) Ratings are supplied by S P, Moody s, and Fitch. The table is based upon the lowest rating for each security. 
 (2) Structured securities include residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, and asset-backed securities. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities 
 Equity securities primarily include nonredeemable preferred stocks and are carried at fair value in the Statements of Financial Position with all changes in unrealized gains and losses reflected in the Statements of Operations. 
 
 The following table presents an analysis of the fair value of our equity securities by sector as of December 31: 
 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Financial services 61,084 71,722 Utilities 5,708 6,259 Energy 3,576 6,448 Consumer 1,854 3,314 Communications 338 0 Total 
 72,560 87,743 

Shareholders' Equity 
 Postretirement benefit plans 
 The funded status of our postretirement benefit plans is recognized in the Statements of Financial Position, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. At December 31, 2022, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by 76.5 million, net of tax, of which 6.9 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss and 69.6 million represents the current period actuarial gain. The 2022 actuarial gain was driven by the higher discount rate, offset by lower than expected return on plan assets. At December 31, 2021, shareholders' equity amounts related to these postretirement plans increased by 70.0 million, net of tax, of which 13.9 million represents amortization of the prior service cost and net actuarial loss and 56.1 million represents the current period actuarial gain. The 2021 actuarial gain was primarily due to higher than expected return on plan assets. Although we are the sponsor of these postretirement plans and record the funded status of these plans, the Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately 58 of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which represents pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and an allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 We continue to monitor the sufficiency of our liquidity and capital resources given the potential impact of recent geopolitical events and ongoing post-pandemic conditions, including rising interest rates and inflationary costs. While we did not see a significant impact on our sources or uses of cash in 2022, future disruptions in the markets could occur which may affect our liquidity position. If our normal operating and investing cash activities were to become insufficient to meet future funding requirements, we believe we have sufficient access to liquidity through our cash position, liquid marketable securities and our 100 million line of credit that does not expire until October 2026. See broader discussions of potential risks to our operations in the Operating Overview and Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained within this report. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the short- and long-term cash requirements of its business operations and growth needs. Our liquidity requirements have been met primarily by funds generated from management fee revenue and income from investments. Cash provided from these sources is used primarily to fund the costs of our management operations including commissions, salaries and wages, pension plans, share repurchases, dividends to shareholders, the purchase and development of information technology, and other capital expenditures. We expect that our operating cash needs will be met by funds generated from operations. Cash in excess of our operating needs is primarily invested in investment grade fixed maturities. As part of our liquidity review, we regularly evaluate our capital needs based on current and projected results and consider the potential impacts to our liquidity, borrowing capacity, financial covenants and capital availability. 
 
 We have certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under various agreements. Cash requirements within the next twelve months include accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current obligations. 
 
 Our long-term cash requirements under various contractual obligations and commitments include: 
 
 Pension We have a funded noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees and an unfunded supplemental employee retirement plan ("SERP") for certain members of executive and senior management. See Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 9. Postretirement Benefits, of Notes to Financial Statements" for the funding policy for our defined benefit pension plan and accumulated benefit obligation for our unfunded SERP. 
 
 Deferred compensation We have two deferred compensation plans for our executives, senior vice presidents, and other selected officers and two deferred compensation plans for our outside directors. See Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10. Incentive and Deferred Compensation Plans, of Notes to Financial Statements" for additional details of these obligations and estimated future payments. 
 
 Other commitments We have commitments for approximately 438 million which include agreements for various services, including information technology, support and maintenance obligations, operating leases for equipment, vehicles, and real estate, and other obligations in the ordinary course of business. We expect to make future cash payments according to the contract terms. These agreements are enforceable and legally binding and specify fixed amounts or minimum quantities to be purchased. Some agreements may contain cancellation provisions, some of which may require us to pay a termination fee. Over half of these commitments are due in the next 12 months. We are reimbursed from the Exchange and its subsidiaries for the portion of these costs related to administrative services. 
 
 We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our current and future cash requirements. 
 
 Volatility in the financial markets presents challenges to us as we occasionally access our investment portfolio as a source of cash. Some of our fixed income investments, despite being publicly traded, may be illiquid. Volatility in these markets could impair our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our needs from sources other than the liquidation of securities. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flow activities 
 The following table provides condensed cash flow information for the years ended December 31: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 366,152 402,794 342,595 Net cash used in investing activities (106,922) (185,490) (243,225) Net cash used in financing activities (300,842) (194,842) (274,869) Net (decrease) increase in cash (41,612) 22,462 (175,499) 

Net cash provided by operating activities was 366.2 million in 2022, compared to 402.8 million in 2021 and 342.6 million in 2020. Decreased cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was primarily due to increases in cash paid for agent commissions of 75.9 million due to higher scheduled commissions driven by premium growth, administrative services expenses paid of 35.0 million and pension contributions of 25.0 million. Partially offsetting this decrease in cash provided by operating activities was an increase in management fees received of 118.9 million driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange, compared to 2021. Increased cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in management fees received driven by growth in direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange of 94.6 million and an increase in administrative service reimbursements received of 46.9 million. Partially offsetting the increase in cash provided by operating activities was an increase in cash paid for agent commissions of 37.4 million due to higher scheduled commission driven by premium growth, an increase in administrative services expenses paid of 33.8 million and an increase in agent bonuses of 15.4 million, compared to 2020. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 106.9 million in 2022, compared to 185.5 million in 2021 and 243.2 million in 2020. In 2022, net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by fixed asset purchases of 67.2 million, which were mostly related to software and home office renovations. Additionally, purchases of investments exceeded proceeds generated from sales and maturities/calls of investments. In 2021, net cash used in investing activities was mainly driven by fixed asset purchases of 148.8 million, which included the purchase of the home office from the Exchange. To a lesser extent, purchases of investments exceeded proceeds generated from sales and maturities/calls of investments. In 2020, net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by purchases of investments exceeding proceeds generated from sales and maturities/calls of investments. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 300.8 million in 2022, compared to 194.8 million in 2021 and 274.9 million in 2020. The increase in cash used in 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily due to the repayment of the remaining 93.2 million balance on the term loan in 2022. The decrease in cash used in 2021, compared to 2020, was due to a decrease in dividends paid to shareholders of 80.1 million. In addition to the normal quarterly dividends paid in 2020, the Board also declared a special one-time cash dividend of 2.00 on each Class A share and 300 on each Class B share totaling 93.1 million, which was paid in December 2020. 
 
 Capital Outlook 
 We regularly prepare forecasts evaluating the current and future cash requirements for both normal and extreme risk events, including the current post-pandemic economic environment. Should an extreme risk event result in a cash requirement exceeding normal cash flows, we have the ability to meet our future funding requirements through various alternatives available to us. 
 
 Outside of our normal operating and investing cash activities, future funding requirements could be met through: 1) unpledged cash and cash equivalents, which total approximately 128.8 million at December 31, 2022, 2) 100 million available bank revolving line of credit, and 3) liquidation of unpledged assets held in our investment portfolio, including equity securities and investment grade bonds which totaled approximately 738.3 million at December 31, 2022. Volatility in the financial markets could impair our ability to sell certain fixed income securities or cause such securities to sell at deep discounts. Additionally, we have the ability to curtail or modify discretionary cash outlays such as those related to shareholder dividends and share repurchase activities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have access to a 100 million bank revolving line of credit with a 25 million letter of credit sublimit that expires on October 29, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 99.1 million remains available under the facility due to 0.9 million outstanding letters of credit, which reduce the availability for letters of credit to 24.1 million. We had no borrowings outstanding on our line of credit as of December 31, 2022. Investments with a fair value of 114.6 million were pledged as collateral on the line of credit at December 31, 2022. These investments have no trading restrictions and are reported as available-for-sale securities and cash and cash equivalents in the Statement of Financial Position. The bank requires compliance with certain covenants, which include leverage ratios and debt restrictions. We were in compliance with our bank covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Enterprise Risk Management 
 The role of our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") function is to ensure that all significant risks are clearly identified, understood, proactively managed and consistently monitored to achieve strategic objectives for all stakeholders. Our ERM program views risk holistically across our entire group of companies. It ensures implementation of risk responses to mitigate potential impacts. See Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" contained in this report for a list of risk factors. 
 
 Our ERM process is founded on a governance framework that includes oversight at multiple levels of our organization, including our Board of Directors and executive management. Accountability to identify, manage, and mitigate risk is embedded within all functions and areas of our business. We have defined risk tolerances to monitor and manage significant risks within acceptable levels. In addition to identifying, evaluating, prioritizing, monitoring, and mitigating significant risks, our ERM process includes extreme event analyses and scenario testing. Given our defined tolerance for risk, risk model output is used to quantify the potential variability of future performance and the sufficiency of capital and liquidity levels. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management 
 Our Board of Directors has a process in place to monitor management s oversight of cybersecurity. This is done primarily through regular reports to its Risk Committee as well as reports to the full Board of Directors. Management reports on our cybersecurity risk management program, including our risk evaluation and the results of independent third-party security assessments, and our efforts to manage cyber related risks. 
 
 We employ a company-wide cybersecurity program of technical, administrative and physical controls intended to reduce the risk of cyber threats and protect our information, as well as documented processes to determine and make appropriate disclosures regarding potential material threats and incidents. Our cybersecurity philosophy and approach align to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and its core elements to identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from the various forms of cyber threats. Our practices include, but are not limited to, cybersecurity protocols and controls, system monitoring and detection, communication of incidents to appropriate management, third-party risk management, including assessments of emerging threats and vulnerabilities, and ongoing privacy and cybersecurity training for employees and contractors concerning cyber risk. We periodically assess the effectiveness of our cybersecurity efforts including independent validation and verification and security assessments conducted by independent third parties. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 TRANSACTIONS/AGREEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES 
 
 Board Oversight 
 Our Board of Directors has a broad oversight responsibility over our intercompany relationships with the Exchange. As a consequence, our Board of Directors may be required to make decisions or take actions that may not be solely in the interest of our shareholders, such as setting the management fee rate paid by the Exchange to us and ratifying any other significant activity. 
 
 Insurance Holding Company System 
 Most states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems, defined as two or more affiliated persons, one or more of which is an insurer. The Exchange has the following wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries: Erie Insurance Company, Erie Insurance Company of New York, Erie Insurance Property Casualty Company and Flagship City Insurance Company, and a wholly owned life insurance company, Erie Family Life Insurance Company. Indemnity and the Exchange, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, meet the definition of an insurance holding company system. 
 
 All transactions within a holding company system affecting the member insurers of the holding company system must be fair and reasonable and any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable. Approval by the applicable insurance commissioner is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the members within a holding company system. 
 
 Intercompany Agreements 
 Subscriber's and services agreements 
 We serve as attorney-in-fact for the subscribers at the Exchange, a reciprocal insurance exchange. Each applicant for insurance to a reciprocal insurance exchange signs a subscriber's agreement that contains an appointment of an attorney-in-fact. Through the designation of attorney-in-fact, we are required to provide policy issuance and renewal services and act as the attorney-in-fact for the Exchange with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously. Pursuant to the subscriber's agreement, we earn a management fee for these services calculated as a percentage of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. By virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, the Exchange does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through the attorney-in-fact. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for all administrative services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements are settled at cost on a monthly basis. State insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department. 
 
 Shared facilities 
 The Exchange and its subsidiaries have a service agreement with Indemnity to use space in Indemnity-owned properties. See Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 14. Related Party, of Notes to Financial Statements" for additional details. 
 
 Cost Allocation 
 The allocation of costs affects our financial condition and that of the Exchange and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Management's role is to determine that allocations are consistently made in accordance with the subscriber's agreement with the subscribers at the Exchange, intercompany service agreements, and applicable insurance laws and regulations. Allocation of costs under these various agreements requires judgment and interpretation, and such allocations are performed using a consistent methodology, which is intended to adhere to the terms and intentions of the underlying agreements. 
 
 Intercompany Receivables 
 We have significant receivables from the Exchange and its affiliates that result in a concentration of credit risk. Net receivables from the Exchange and other affiliates were 524.9 million, or 23.4 of total assets, at December 31, 2022 and 479.1 million, or 21.4 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. These receivables include management fees due for policy issuance and renewal services performed by us under the subscriber's agreement, and certain costs we incur acting as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries with respect to all administrative services, as discussed previously. These receivables from the Exchange and other affiliates are settled monthly. We continually monitor the financial strength of the Exchange. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The significant volatility in the financial markets and uncertainty resulting from current events and post-pandemic conditions, resulting in continued supply chain disruptions and certain geopolitical events, have influenced various economic factors, including an elevated inflationary environment and rising interest rates. As these events continue to evolve, the ultimate impact and duration remain uncertain. We could experience future losses and/or impairments to the portfolio given the above impacts on market conditions. 
 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, or foreign exchange rates, as well as other relevant market rate or price changes. The volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the underlying assets are traded directly influence market risk. The following is a discussion of our primary risk exposures, including interest rate risk, investment credit risk, concentration risk, liquidity risk, and equity price risk, and how those exposures are currently managed as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We invest primarily in fixed maturity investments, which comprised 84 of our invested assets at December 31, 2022. The value of the fixed maturity portfolio is subject to interest rate risk. As market interest rates decrease, the value of the portfolio increases with the opposite holding true in rising interest rate environments. We do not hedge our exposure to interest rate risk. A common measure of the interest sensitivity of fixed maturity assets is effective duration, a calculation that utilizes maturity, coupon rate, yield, and call terms to calculate an expected change in fair value given a change in interest rates. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the asset is to market interest rate fluctuations. Duration is analyzed quarterly to ensure that it remains in the targeted range. 
 
 A sensitivity analysis is used to measure the potential loss in future earnings, fair values, or cash flows of interest-sensitive instruments resulting from one or more selected hypothetical changes in interest rates and other market rates or prices over a selected period. The following pro forma information is presented assuming a 100-basis point parallel increase in interest rates across the yield curve at December 31 of each year and reflects the estimated effect on the fair value of our fixed maturity portfolio. 
 
 Fixed maturities interest-rate sensitivity analysis 
 
 (dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2022 2021 Fair value of fixed maturity portfolio 894,661 946,085 Fair value assuming 100-basis point rise in interest rates 868,919 921,642 Effective duration (as a percentage) 2.9 2.6 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 While the fixed maturity portfolio is sensitive to interest rates, the future principal cash flows that will be received by contractual maturity date are presented below at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Actual cash flows may differ from those stated as a result of calls, prepayments, or defaults. 
 
 Contractual repayments of principal by maturity date 
 (in thousands) Fixed maturities: December 31, 2022 2023 24,561 2024 104,164 2025 125,785 2026 79,745 2027 116,571 Thereafter 500,905 Total 951,731 Fair value 894,661 

(in thousands) Fixed maturities: December 31, 2021 2022 38,122 2023 89,184 2024 131,577 2025 108,165 2026 71,375 Thereafter 472,350 Total 910,773 Fair value 946,085 

Investment Credit Risk 
 Our objective is to earn competitive returns by investing in a diversified portfolio of securities. Our portfolios of fixed maturity securities, equity securities and, to a lesser extent, short-term investments are subject to credit risk. This risk is defined as the potential loss in fair value resulting from adverse changes in the borrower's ability to repay the debt. We manage this risk by performing upfront underwriting analysis and ongoing reviews of credit quality by position and for the portfolio in total. We do not hedge the credit risk inherent in our fixed maturity and equity securities investments. 
 
 Generally, the fixed maturities in our portfolio are rated by external rating agencies. If not externally rated, we rate them internally on a basis consistent with that used by the rating agencies. We classify all fixed maturities as available-for-sale securities, allowing us to meet our liquidity needs and provide greater flexibility to appropriately respond to changes in market conditions. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables show our fixed maturity investments by rating (1) : 
 At December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Amortized cost Fair value Percent of total AAA, AA, A 518,088 479,413 54 BBB 318,801 300,900 33 Total investment grade 836,889 780,313 87 BB 45,784 41,978 5 B 66,574 62,530 7 CCC, CC, C, and below 11,888 9,840 1 Total non-investment grade 124,246 114,348 13 Total 961,135 894,661 100 

At December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amortized cost Fair value Percent of total AAA, AA, A 506,271 508,610 54 BBB 295,681 299,270 31 Total investment grade 801,952 807,880 85 BB 45,541 46,922 5 B 76,144 76,913 8 CCC, CC, C, and below 14,642 14,370 2 Total non-investment grade 136,327 138,205 15 Total 938,279 946,085 100 
 
 (1) Ratings are supplied by S P, Moody's, and Fitch. The table is based upon the lowest rating for each security. 

We are also exposed to a concentration of credit risk with the Exchange. See the "Transactions/Agreements with Related Parties, Intercompany Receivables" section of Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained within this report for further discussion of this risk. 
 
 Concentration Risk 
 While our portfolio is well diversified within each market sector, there is an inherent risk of concentration in a particular industry or sector. We continually monitor our level of exposure to individual issuers as well as our allocation to each industry and market sector against internally established policies. See the "Financial Condition" section of Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained within this report for details of investment holdings by sector. 
 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Periods of volatility in the financial markets can create conditions where fixed maturity investments, despite being publicly traded, can become illiquid. However, we actively manage the maturity profile of our fixed maturity portfolio such that scheduled repayments of principal occur on a regular basis. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Our portfolio of equity securities, which primarily includes nonredeemable preferred stock, is carried on the Statements of Financial Position at estimated fair value. Equity securities are exposed to the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an adverse change in prices ("price risk"). We do not hedge our exposure to price risk inherent in our equity investments. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 40 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2020 
 42 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2020 
 43 
 Statements of Financial Position - December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 44 
 Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2020 
 45 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2020 
 46 
 Notes to Financial Statements - December 31, 202 2 
 47 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Erie Indemnity Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial position of Erie Indemnity Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Proportional Cost Allocation Description of the Matter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s administrative services reimbursement revenue totaled 668.3 million. The Company s primary function, as attorney-in-fact, is to perform certain services on behalf of the subscribers at the Erie Insurance Exchange (Exchange) and its insurance subsidiaries, in accordance with the subscriber s agreement and the service agreements with each of the Exchange s insurance subsidiaries. As explained in Note 2 of the financial statements, pursuant to the approved subscriber s agreement and service agreements, administrative services, which include costs associated with claims handling services, life insurance related operating activities, investment management, and operating overhead incurred by the Company on behalf of the Exchange and its insurance subsidiaries, are reimbursed to the Company at cost and recorded as administrative services reimbursement revenue, based on the nature of the cost or relevant utilization statistic. 
 
 Auditing management s proportional cost allocations was complex due to the multiple costs that are allocated, the extensiveness of the allocation process, and the degree of auditor judgement needed to design the nature and extent of audit procedures required to address the matter. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s proportional cost allocations process. This included, among others, testing management s review controls over the determination of the utilization statistics and ultimate allocation of costs to the Exchange and its insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 To test the Company s proportional cost allocations, our procedures included, among others, evaluating that the costs included in the allocations are in accordance with the subscriber s agreement and the service agreements with each of the Exchange s insurance subsidiaries. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the costs subjected to allocation through testing the reconciliation of the costs recorded in the source systems to the costs that are allocated, testing a sample of cost allocations, and testing the reconciliation of the cost allocation output to the general ledger. We evaluated the allocation of costs to the Exchange and its insurance subsidiaries with the costs allocated in prior periods. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2003. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

41 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenue Management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services Management fee revenue - administrative services Administrative services reimbursement revenue Service agreement revenue Total operating revenue Operating expenses Cost of operations - policy issuance and renewal services Cost of operations - administrative services Total operating expenses Operating income 
 Investment income Net investment income Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains ) Net impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in earnings ) ) Total investment income 
 Interest expense, net Other income (expense) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 Earnings Per Share Net income per share Class A common stock basic Class A common stock diluted Class B common stock basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Class A common stock Class B common stock Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted Class A common stock Class B common stock 
 
 See accompanying notes to Financial Statements. See Note 13, "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)", for amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into the Statements of Operations. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Change in unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans 
 Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to Financial Statements. Se e Note 13, "Acc umulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)", for amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into the Statements of Operations. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities Receivables from Erie Insurance Exchange and affiliates, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued investment income Total current assets Available-for-sale securities, net Equity securities Fixed assets, net Agent loans, net Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders' equity Current liabilities: Commissions payable Agent bonuses Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Dividends payable Contract liability Deferred executive compensation Current portion of long-term borrowings Total current liabilities Defined benefit pension plans Long-term borrowings Contract liability Deferred executive compensation Deferred income taxes, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity Class A common stock, stated value per share; shares authorized; shares issued; shares outstanding 
 Class B common stock, convertible at a rate of Class A shares for one Class B share, stated value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in-capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Retained earnings 
 Total contributed capital and retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; shares held 
 ) ) Deferred compensation 
 Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to Financial Statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Class A common stock Class B common stock Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Retained earnings Treasury stock Deferred compensation Total shareholders' equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment (1) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared: Class A per share 
 ) ) Class B per share 
 ) ) Net purchase of treasury stock (2) 
 Deferred compensation ) Rabbi trust distribution (3) 
 ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared: Class A per share 
 ) ) Class B per share 
 ) ) Net purchase of treasury stock (2) 
 Deferred compensation ) Rabbi trust distribution (3) 
 ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared: Class A per share 
 ) ) Class B per share 
 ) ) Net purchase of treasury stock (2) 
 ) ) Deferred compensation ) Rabbi trust distribution (3) 
 ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 

See accompanying notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Management fee received Administrative services reimbursements received Service agreement revenue received Net investment income received Commissions paid to agents ) ) ) Agents bonuses paid ) ) ) Salaries and wages paid ) ) ) Pension contribution and employee benefits paid ) ) ) General operating expenses paid ) ) ) Administrative services expenses paid ) ) ) Income taxes paid ) ) ) Interest paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of investments: Available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from investments: Available-for-sale securities sales Available-for-sale securities maturities/calls Equity securities Other investments Purchase of fixed assets ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets Loans to agents ) ) ) Collections on agent loans Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings ) Payments on long-term borrowings ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosure of noncash transactions Liability incurred to purchase fixed assets Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Transfer of investments from other investments to equity securities 
 
 See accompanying notes to Financial Statements. See Note 17, "Supplementary Data on Cash Flows", for additional supplemental cash flow information. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 capacities is done in accordance with a subscriber's agreement (a limited power of attorney) executed individually by each subscriber (policyholder), which appoints us as their common attorney-in-fact to transact certain business on their behalf. Pursuant to the subscriber's agreement for acting as attorney-in-fact in these capacities, we earn a management fee calculated as a percentage of the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. 
 
 The policy issuance and renewal services we provide to the Exchange are related to the sales, underwriting and issuance of policies. The sales related services we provide include agent compensation and certain sales and advertising support services. Agent compensation includes scheduled commissions to agents based upon premiums written as well as additional commissions and bonuses to agents, which are earned by achieving targeted measures. Agent compensation comprised approximately of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The underwriting services we provide include underwriting and policy processing and comprised approximately of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. The remaining services we provide include customer service and administrative support. We also provide information technology services that support all the functions listed above that comprised approximately of our 2022 policy issuance and renewal expenses. Included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these policy issuance and renewal functions. 
 
 The Exchange, by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. Indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. Claims handling services include costs incurred in the claims process, including the adjustment, investigation, defense, recording and payment functions. Life insurance management services include costs incurred in the management and processing of life insurance business. Investment management services are related to investment trading activity, accounting and all other functions attributable to the investment of funds. Included in these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements are settled at cost. State insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department. 
 
 Our results of operations are tied to the growth and financial condition of the Exchange. If any events occurred that impaired the Exchange s ability to grow or sustain its financial condition, including but not limited to reduced financial strength ratings, disruption in the independent agency relationships, significant catastrophe losses, or products not meeting customer demands, the Exchange could find it more difficult to retain its existing business and attract new business. A decline in the business of the Exchange almost certainly would have as a consequence a decline in the total premiums paid and a correspondingly adverse effect on the amount of the management fees we receive. We also have an exposure to a concentration of credit risk related to the unsecured receivables due from the Exchange for its management fee and cost reimbursements. See Note 15, "Concentrations of Credit Risk". 
 
 Risks and uncertainties 
 In March 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic. Post-pandemic conditions have created an inflationary environment which may impact the adequacy of estimated loss reserves and future premium rates of the Exchange in addition to overall financial market volatility, which may impact our investment results. The uncertainty of the current economic environment continues to evolve. We are unable to predict the duration or extent of the financial impacts. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Note 2. 

million and receivables from Erie Insurance Exchange and affiliates of million. This resulted in the recording of a cumulative effect adjustment, net of taxes, to retained earnings of million. Our available-for-sale investments are not measured at amortized cost, and therefore do not require the use of a current expected credit loss model. Any credit losses, however, are required to be recorded as an allowance for credit losses rather than a reduction of the carrying value of the asset. For available-for-sale securities, we adopted the guidance using the prospective approach and recorded an initial allowance for credit losses of million at March 31, 2020. 

48 

Table of Contents 

- years, buildings and building improvements are depreciated over - years, equipment is depreciated over - years, and furniture and fixtures are depreciated over years. We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Under these circumstances, if the fair value were less than the carrying amount of the asset, we would recognize a loss for the difference. We capitalize applicable interest charges incurred during the construction period of significant long-term building projects as part of the historical cost of the asset. 

months, and is modeled on a monthly basis using actual underwriting results for the two prior years and current year-to-date actual results and forecasted results for the remainder of the year. Our second agent bonus plan is based on an agency's underwriting profitability and uses a similar model but considers actual and forecasted results for a calendar year only. At December 31 of each year, we use actual data available and record an accrual based upon the expected payment amount. These costs are included in cost of operations - policy issuance and renewal services. 
 
 of all direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange. The management fee rate is set at least annually by our Board of Directors. The management fee revenue is calculated by multiplying the management fee rate by the direct and affiliated assumed premiums written by the Exchange and is allocated between the performance obligations we have under the subscriber's agreement. The first performance obligation is to provide policy issuance and renewal services. The second performance obligation is acting as the attorney-in-fact with respect to the administrative services. 
 
 Management fee revenue allocated to the policy issuance and renewal services is recognized at the time of policy issuance or renewal, because it is at the time of policy issuance or renewal when the economic benefit of the service we provide (the substantially completed policy issuance or renewal service) and the control of the promised asset (the executed insurance policy) transfers to the customer. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 period representing the time over which the economic benefit of the services provided (i.e. management of the administrative services) transfers to the customer. 
 
 of the administrative services expenses are entirely attributable to the respective administrative functions (claims handling, life insurance management and investment management), while the remaining of these expenses are allocations of costs for departments that support these administrative functions. The expenses we incur and related reimbursements we receive for administrative services are presented gross in our Statements of Operations. The subscriber's agreement and service agreements provide for reimbursement of amounts incurred for these services to Indemnity. Reimbursements are settled at cost on a monthly basis. State insurance regulations require that intercompany service agreements and any material amendments be approved in advance by the state insurance department. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3. 
 
 , of all direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange. We allocate a portion of our management fee revenue, currently of the direct and affiliated assumed written premiums of the Exchange, between the performance obligations we have under the subscriber s agreement. The first performance obligation is to provide policy issuance and renewal services to the subscribers (policyholders) at the Exchange, and the second is to act as attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange, as well as the service provider for its insurance subsidiaries, with respect to all administrative services. 
 The transaction price, including management fee revenue and administrative services reimbursement revenue, includes variable consideration and is allocated based on the estimated standalone selling prices developed using industry information and other available information for similar services. A constraining estimate of variable consideration exists related to the potential for management fees to be returned if a policy were to be cancelled mid-term. Management fees are returned to the Exchange when policyholders cancel their insurance coverage mid-term and premiums are refunded to them. The constraining estimate is determined using the expected value method, based on both historical and current information. The estimated transaction price, as reduced by the constraint, reflects consideration expected for performance of our services. We update the transaction price and the related allocation at least annually based upon the most recent information available or more frequently if there have been significant changes in any components considered in the transaction price. 
 The first performance obligation is to provide policy issuance and renewal services that result in executed insurance policies between the Exchange or one of its insurance subsidiaries and the subscriber (policyholder). The subscriber (policyholder) receives economic benefits when substantially all the policy issuance or renewal services are complete and an insurance policy is issued or renewed by the Exchange or one of its insurance subsidiaries. It is at the time of policy issuance or renewal that the allocated portion of revenue is recognized. 
 
 The Exchange, by virtue of its legal structure as a reciprocal insurer, does not have any employees or officers. Therefore, it enters into contractual relationships by and through an attorney-in-fact. Indemnity serves as the attorney-in-fact on behalf of the Exchange with respect to its administrative services in accordance with the subscriber's agreement. The Exchange's insurance subsidiaries also utilize Indemnity for these services in accordance with the service agreements between each of the subsidiaries and Indemnity. Collectively, these services represent a second performance obligation under the subscriber s agreement and the service agreements. The revenue allocated to this performance obligation is recognized over a period representing the time over which these services are provided. The portion of revenue not yet earned is recorded as a contract liability in the Statements of Financial Position. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized revenue of million, million, and million, respectively, that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the respective periods. The administrative services expenses we incur and the related reimbursements we receive are recorded gross in the Statements of Operations. 
 
 Indemnity records a receivable from the Exchange for management fee revenue when the premium is written or assumed from affiliates by the Exchange. Indemnity collects the management fee from the Exchange when the Exchange collects the premiums from the subscribers (policyholders). As the Exchange issues policies with annual terms only, cash collections generally occur within one year. 
 
 performance obligations for the years ended December 31: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Management fee revenue - policy issuance and renewal services Management fee revenue - administrative services Administrative services reimbursement revenue Total revenue from administrative services 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 to 1. See Note 12, "Capital Stock". 
 
 Class A diluted earnings per share are calculated under the if-converted method, which reflects the conversion of Class B shares to Class A shares. Diluted earnings per share calculations include the dilutive effect of assumed issuance of stock-based awards under compensation plans that have the option to be paid in stock using the treasury stock method. See Note 10, "Incentive and Deferred Compensation Plans". 
 
 Dilutive effect of stock-based awards 
 Assumed conversion of Class B shares 
 Class A Diluted EPS: Income available to Class A stockholders on Class A equivalent shares 
 Class B Basic EPS: 
 Income available to Class B stockholders 
 Class B Diluted EPS: 
 Income available to Class B stockholders 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Total available-for-sale securities Equity securities: Financial services sector Utilities sector Energy sector Consumer sector Communications sector Total equity securities Total 

December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Available-for-sale securities: Corporate debt securities Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities U.S. Treasury Total available-for-sale securities Equity securities: Financial services sector Utilities sector Energy sector Consumer sector Total equity securities Total 

54 

Table of Contents 

) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) Total Level 3 securities ) ) ) ) 

Level 3 Assets 2021 Year-to-Date Change: 
 (in thousands) Beginning balance at December 31, 2020 Included in earnings (1) 
 Included in other comprehensive income Purchases Sales Transfers 
 into 
 Level 3 (2) 
 Transfers 
 out of Level 3 (2) 
 Ending balance at December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale securities: Corporate debt securities ) ) Collateralized debt obligations ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Other debt securities ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) Total Level 3 securities ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) These amounts are reported as net investment income and net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains for each of the periods presented above. 
 (2) Transfers into and/or (out) of Level 3 are primarily attributable to the availability of market observable information and the re-evaluation of the observability of pricing inputs. 

Financial instruments not carried at fair value 
 Long-term borrowings 
 (1) The discount rate used to calculate fair value at December 31, 2022 is reflective of an increase in the BB+ financial yield curve from December 31, 2021. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 
 Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Total available-for-sale securities, net 

December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Estimated fair value Corporate debt securities Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities U.S. Treasury Total available-for-sale securities, net 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total available-for-sale securities, net (1) 

(1) The contractual maturities of our available-for-sale securities are included in the table. However, given our intent to sell certain impaired securities, these securities are classified as current assets in our Statement of Financial Position at December 31, 2022. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities Total available-for-sale securities Quality breakdown of available-for-sale securities: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total available-for-sale securities 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized No. of (dollars in thousands) value losses value losses value losses holdings Corporate debt securities Collateralized debt obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Other debt securities U.S. Treasury Total available-for-sale securities Quality breakdown of available-for-sale securities: Investment grade Non-investment grade Total available-for-sale securities 

Credit loss allowance on investments 
 The current expected credit loss allowance on agent loans was million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The current expected credit loss on available-for-sale securities was million at December 31, 2022 and less than million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net investment income 
 Equity securities Limited partnerships ) ) Cash equivalents and other Total investment income Less: investment expenses Net investment income 

57 

Table of Contents 

 million and will be recorded in net investment income (loss) in our first quarter 2023 financial statements consistent with our policy of recording limited partnership results on a quarter lag. Our limited partnership investments are included in the line item "Other assets" in the Statements of Financial Position. We have made no new significant limited partnership commitments since 2006, and the balance of limited partnership investments is expected to decline over time as additional distributions are received. 
 
 Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains 
 Gross realized losses ) ) ) Net realized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities ) Equity securities ) ) Miscellaneous Net realized and unrealized investment (losses) gains ) 

The portion of net unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the reporting period related to equity securities held at the reporting date is calculated as follows for the years ended December 31: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Equity securities: Net (losses) gains recognized during the period ) ) Less: net losses recognized on securities sold ) ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains recognized on securities held at reporting date ) ) 

Net impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in earnings) ) ) Credit (impaired) recovered ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) Agent loans - expected credit recoveries (losses) ) Net impairment (losses) recoveries recognized in earnings ) ) 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 
 Land, buildings, and building improvements Equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Projects in progress Total fixed assets, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Fixed assets, net 

Software increased primarily due to the renewal of desktop and mainframe software licenses as well as internally developed software projects completed and placed in service. 
 
 Projects in progress include certain computer software and software developments costs for internal use that are not yet subject to amortization as well as home office renovations that are not yet subject to depreciation. The increase in projects in progress is primarily due to an increase in software development costs. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in cost of operations - policy issuance and renewal services. 

Note 8. 
 
 million senior secured draw term loan credit facility ("Credit Facility") for the acquisition of real property and construction of an office building that now serves as part of our principal headquarters. On January 1, 2019, the Credit Facility converted to a fully-amortized term loan with monthly payments of principal and interest at a fixed rate of over a period of years. In May 2022, we repaid the remaining million balance on the term loan. In conjunction with the payoff, pledged collateral was released and we accelerated amortization of million related to unamortized loan origination and commitment fees which is included in interest expense in the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Bank Line of Credit 
 million bank revolving line of credit with a million letter of credit sublimit that expires on October 29, 2026. In May 2022, we borrowed on the line of credit to support the payoff of the term loan. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding borrowings on the line of credit have been repaid and a total of million remains available under the facility due to million outstanding letters of credit, which reduce the availability for letters of credit to million. Investments with a fair value of million were pledged as collateral on the line of credit at December 31, 2022. These investments have no trading restrictions and are reported as available-for-sale securities and cash and cash equivalents on our Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022. The bank requires compliance with certain covenants, which include leverage ratios and debt restrictions for our line of credit. We are in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2022. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9. 
 
 of the annual benefit expense of these plans, which represents pension benefits for employees performing administrative services and an allocated share of costs for employees in departments that support the administrative functions. For our funded pension plan, amounts are settled in cash for the portion of pension costs allocated to the Exchange and its subsidiaries. For our unfunded SERP, we pay the obligations when due and amounts are settled in cash between entities when there is a payout. 
 
 Cost of pension plans 
 Interest cost on benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Prior service cost amortization Net actuarial loss amortization Pension plan cost (1) 

(1) Pension plan costs represent the total cost before reimbursements to Indemnity from the Exchange and its subsidiaries. The components of pension plan costs other than the service cost components are included in the line item " Other income (expense) " in the Statements of Operations after reimbursements from the Exchange and its subsidiaries. 

Actuarial assumptions 
 Expected return on assets Rate of compensation increase (1) 
 SERP: Discount rate pre-retirement/post-retirement (2) 
 / 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 (1) The rate of compensation increase for the employee plan is age-graded. An equivalent single compensation increase rate of in 2022, 2021 and 2020 would produce similar results. 
 (2) In 2020, the SERP discount rate methodology was revised to utilize SERP specific cash outflows independent of the employee pension plan discount rate, eliminating a difference between pre-retirement and post-retirement rates. 

The economic assumptions that have the most impact on the postretirement benefits expense are the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on plan assets. The discount rate assumption used to determine the benefit obligation for all periods presented was based upon a yield curve developed from corporate bond yield information. 
 
 The pension plan's expected long-term rate of return represents the average rate of return to be earned on plan assets over the period the benefits included in the benefit obligation are to be paid. To determine the expected long-term rate of return assumption, we utilized models based upon historical analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets based upon key factors such as historical returns for the asset class' applicable indices, the correlations of the asset classes under various market conditions and consensus views on future real economic growth and inflation. The expected future return for each asset 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 . Accordingly, we made a million contribution during 2022. We expect to contribute an estimated million in 2023. Actual contributions may vary from the current estimate depending on changes in assumptions, regulatory requirements and funding decisions, or due to future plan changes.) ) Pension liabilities due within one year (1) 
 ) ) Pension liabilities due after one year ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) 
 
 (1) The current portion of pension liabilities is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Benefit obligations 
 Benefit obligations are described in the following tables. Accumulated and projected benefit obligations represent the obligations of a pension plan for past service as of the measurement date. The accumulated benefit obligation is the present value of pension benefits earned as of the measurement date based on employee service and compensation prior to that date. It differs from the projected benefit obligation in that the accumulated benefit obligation includes no assumptions to reflect expected future compensation. 
 Service cost for benefits earned Interest cost on benefit obligation Plan amendments Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year 

Projected benefit obligations decreased million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to the higher discount rate used to measure the future benefit obligations. The discount rate for the employee pension plan increased to in 2022 from in 2021. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Plan assets 

Plan assets 

Pension assets 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year 

Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss) Prior service cost Net amount not yet recognized ) 

Other comprehensive income) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) Plan amendments (1) 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) 
 
 (1) Plan amendments relate to new SERP participants. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Non-U.S. equity securities (2) Total equity securities Debt securities (3) Other (4) Total 
 
 (1) U.S. equity securities seek to achieve excess returns relative to the Russell 3000 Index. 
 (2) Non-U.S. equity securities are allocated to international small cap investments, while another are allocated to international emerging market investments. The remaining of the Non-U.S. equity securities are allocated to investments seeking to achieve excess returns relative to an international market index. 
 (3) Debt securities are allocated to long U.S. Treasury Strips, are allocated to U.S. corporate bonds with an emphasis on long duration bonds rated A or better. 
 (4) Institutional money market fund. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Non-U.S. equity securities Total equity securities Debt securities Other Total 

December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Total Level 1 Fair Value Level 2 Fair Value Level 3 Fair Value Net Asset 
 Value (NAV) (1) 
 Equity securities: U.S. equity securities Non-U.S. equity securities Total equity securities Debt securities Other Total 
 
 (1) Amounts were reclassified from Level 2 fair value to NAV to conform to current period presentation. 
 
 Estimates of fair values of the pension plan assets are obtained primarily from the trustee and custodian of our pension plan. Our Level 1 category includes a money market mutual fund, an exchange traded fund, and a separate account for which the fair value is determined using an exchange traded price provided by the trustee and custodian. Commingled pools are valued based on NAV per share or unit as a practical expedient as reported by the fund manager, multiplied by the number of shares or units held as of the measurement date. Accordingly, these NAV-based investments have been excluded from the fair value hierarchy. These investments have minimal redemption notice periods and are redeemable daily at the NAV, less transaction fees, without significant restrictions. There are no significant unfunded commitments related to these investments. 
 
 Estimated future benefit payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 

64 

Table of Contents 

of the participant contributions up to of compensation and of participant contributions over and up to of compensation. Matching contributions paid to the plan were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimbursed us for approximately of the matching contributions. Employees are permitted to invest the employer-matching contributions in our Class A common stock. Employees, other than executive and senior officers, may sell the shares at any time without restriction, provided they are in compliance with applicable insider trading laws; sales by executive and senior officers are subject to additional pre-clearance restrictions imposed by our insider trading policies. The plan acquires shares in the open market necessary to meet the obligations of the plan. Plan participants held million and million shares of our Class A common stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 10. 
 incentive plans and deferred compensation plans for our executives, senior vice presidents and other selected officers, and deferred compensation plans for our outside directors. 
 
 Annual incentive plan 
 Our annual incentive plan ("AIP") is a bonus plan that pays cash to our executives, senior vice presidents and other selected officers annually. Participants can elect to defer up to of the award under either the deferred compensation plan or the incentive compensation deferral plan. If the funding qualifier is met, plan participants are eligible to receive the incentive based upon attainment of corporate and individual performance measures, which can include various financial measures. The measures are established at the beginning of each year by the Executive Compensation and Development Committee of our Board of Directors ("ECDC"), with ultimate approval by the full Board of Directors. The corporate performance measures included the reported growth in direct written premium and statutory combined ratio of the Exchange and its property and casualty subsidiaries for all periods presented. For 2022 and 2021, growth in policies in force was also included as a performance measure. 
 
 Long-term incentive plan 
 Our long-term incentive plan ("LTIP") is a performance based incentive plan designed to reward executives, senior vice presidents and other selected officers who can have a significant impact on our long-term performance, and to further align the interests of such employees with those of our shareholders. The LTIP permits grants of performance shares or units, or phantom shares, to be satisfied with shares of our Class A common stock or cash payment as determined by the ECDC. Participants can elect to defer up to of the award under the incentive compensation deferral plan. The ECDC determines the form of the award to be granted at the beginning of each performance period, which is generally a period. The number of shares of our common stock authorized for grant under the LTIP is million shares, with no one person able to receive more than shares or the equivalent of million during any one performance period. We repurchase our Class A common stock on the open market to settle stock awards under the plan. We do not issue new shares of common stock to settle stock awards. LTIP awards are considered vested at the end of each applicable performance period. 
 
 The LTIP provides the recipient the right to earn performance shares or units, or phantom stock, based on the level of achievement of performance goals as defined by us. Performance measures and a peer group of property and casualty companies to be used for comparison are determined by the ECDC. The performance measures for all periods presented were the reported growth in direct written premium and statutory combined ratio of the Exchange and its property and casualty subsidiaries and return on invested assets over a performance period as compared to the results of the peer group over the same period. Because the award is based upon a comparison to results of a peer group over a period, the award accrual is based upon estimates of probable results for the remaining performance period. This estimate is subject to variability if our results or the results of the peer group are substantially different than the results we project. 
 
 The fair value of LTIP awards is measured at each reporting date at the current share price of our Class A common stock. A liability is recorded and compensation expense is recognized ratably over the performance period. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million. At December 31, 2021, the fully vested cash awards for the 2019-2021 performance period that were not deferred totaled million and were paid to participants in June 2022. At December 31, 2020, the fully vested cash awards for the 2018-2020 performance period that were not deferred totaled million and were paid to participants in June 2021. At December 31, 2019, the fully vested cash awards for the 2017-2019 performance period that were not deferred totaled million and were paid to participants in June 2020. The ECDC has determined that the plan awards for the 2021-2023 and 2022-2024 performance periods will be paid in cash. 
 
 The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for compensation costs of employees performing administrative services. Earned compensation costs are allocated to these entities and reimbursed to us in cash once the payout is made. The total compensation cost charged to operations related to these LTIP awards, net of forfeitures, was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The related tax benefits recognized in income were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for approximately of the annual compensation cost of these plans. At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost for non-vested LTIP awards related to open performance periods. Unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized over a period of . 
 
 Deferred compensation plan 
 Our deferred compensation plan allows executives, senior vice presidents and other selected officers to elect to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation and AIP cash awards until a later date. Employer 401(k) matching contributions that are in excess of the annual contribution or compensation limits are also credited to the participant accounts for those who elected to defer receipt of some portion of their base salary. Participants select hypothetical investment funds for their deferrals, which are credited with the hypothetical returns generated. 
 
 Incentive compensation deferral plan 
 We have an unfunded, non-qualified incentive compensation deferral plan for participants of the AIP and LTIP. Participants can elect to defer up to of their annual AIP award and/or up to of their LTIP award for each performance period. Deferred awards will be credited to a deferred stock account as credits denominated in shares of our Class A common stock until retirement or other separation from service. Participants are vested at date of deferral. The shares are held in a rabbi trust, which was established to hold the shares earned under both the incentive compensation deferral plan and the deferred stock compensation plan for outside directors. The rabbi trust is classified and accounted for as equity in a manner consistent with the accounting for treasury stock. Dividends received on the shares in the rabbi trust are used to purchase additional shares. Vested share credits will be paid to participants from the rabbi trust upon separation from service in approximate equal annual installments of Class A shares for a period of . In 2022, the rabbi trust purchased shares of our common stock in the open market at an average price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2021 AIP awards and shares at an average price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2019-2021 LTIP performance period awards deferred under the incentive compensation deferral plan. In 2021, the rabbi trust purchased shares of our common stock in the open market at an average price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2020 AIP awards and shares at an average share price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2018-2020 LTIP performance period awards deferred under the incentive compensation deferral plan. In 2020, the rabbi trust purchased shares of our common stock in the open market at an average price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2019 AIP awards deferred under the incentive compensation deferral plan and shares at an average price of for million to satisfy the liability for the 2017-2019 LTIP performance period awards deferred under the incentive compensation deferral plan. 
 
 Deferred compensation plans for outside directors 
 We have a deferred compensation plan for our outside directors that allows participants to defer receipt of a portion of their annual compensation until a later date. Participants select hypothetical investment funds for their deferrals, which are credited with the hypothetical returns generated. 
 
 We also have a deferred stock compensation plan for our outside directors to further align the interests of directors with those of our shareholders that provides for a portion of the directors' annual compensation in shares of our Class A common stock. Each director vests in the grant every over the course of a year. Dividends paid by us are credited to each director's account and vest immediately. We do not issue new shares of common stock to directors. Our practice is to repurchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market to satisfy these awards, which are held in the rabbi trust. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 shares of our common stock on the open market at an average price of for million in 2022, shares at an average price of for million in 2021, and shares at an average price of for million in 2020 to satisfy the liability of the stock compensation plan for outside directors. The shares are distributed to the outside director from the rabbi trust upon ending board service. Director compensation charged to operations related to these awards totaled million in both 2022 and 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 Annual incentive plan awards Long-term incentive plan awards Employer match and hypothetical earnings on deferred compensation Total plan awards and earnings Total plan awards paid ) ) ) Compensation deferred Distributions from the deferred compensation plans ) ) ) Forfeitures (1) 
 ) ) Funding of rabbi trust for deferred stock compensation plan for outside directors ) ) ) Funding of rabbi trust for incentive compensation deferral plan (2) 
 ) ) ) Deferred executive compensation, end of the year 
 
 (1) Forfeitures are the result of plan participants who separated from service and are recognized in the year they occur. 
 
 (2) In 2022, funding includes million representing shares held back to satisfy tax withholding on rabbi trust distributions that reduced funding requirements for performance award deferrals. 

Equity compensation plan 
 We also have an equity compensation plan ("ECP") designed to reward key employees, as determined by the ECDC or the chief executive officer, who can have a significant impact on our long-term performance, and to further align the interests of such employees with those of our shareholders. The ECP permits grants of restricted shares, restricted share units and other share based awards, to be satisfied with shares of our Class A common stock or cash. The ECDC determines the form of the award to be granted at the beginning of each performance period. The number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for grant under the ECP is shares, with no one person able to receive more than shares in a calendar year. We do not issue new shares of common stock to satisfy plan awards. Share awards are settled through the repurchase of our Class A common stock on the open market. Restricted share awards may be entitled to receive dividends payable during the performance period, or, if subject to performance goals, to receive dividend equivalents payable upon vesting. Dividend equivalents may provide for the crediting of interest or hypothetical investment experience, payable after expiration of the performance period. Vesting conditions are determined at the time the award is granted and may include continuation of employment for a specific period, satisfaction of performance goals and the defined performance period, and the satisfaction of any other terms and conditions as determined to be appropriate. The ECP expires December 31, 2031, unless earlier amended or terminated by our Board of Directors. 
 
 To date, all awards have been satisfied with shares of our Class A common stock. In 2022, we purchased Class A shares with an average share price of and a market value of million to satisfy the liability for the 2019 plan year. In 2021, we purchased Class A shares with an average share price of and a market value of million to satisfy the liability for the 2018 plan year. In 2020, we purchased shares with an average share price of and a market value of million to satisfy the liability for the 2017 plan year. The total compensation charged to operations related to these ECP awards was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimburse us for earned compensation costs of employees performing administrative services, which can fluctuate each year based on the plan participants. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimbursed us for approximately , , and of the awards paid in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Unearned compensation expense of million is expected to be recognized over a period of . 

67 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11. 
 
 Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense 

Other, net ) ) ) Income tax expense 

Unrealized losses on investments Deferred revenue Allowance for management fee returned on cancelled policies Pension and other postretirement benefits Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation Pension and other postretirement benefits Prepaid expenses Unrealized gains on investments Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax (liability) asset ) 

If we determine that any of our deferred tax assets will not result in future tax benefits, a valuation allowance must be established for the portion of the assets that are not expected to be realized. We had valuation allowance recorded at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 We do not have any unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Any interest expense related to uncertain tax positions would be recognized in income tax expense. 
 
 Tax years ending December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 remain open to IRS examination. We are not currently under IRS audit, nor have we been notified of an upcoming IRS audit. 
 
 We are the attorney-in-fact for the subscribers (policyholders) at the Exchange, a reciprocal insurance exchange. In that capacity, we provide all services and facilities necessary to conduct the Exchange's insurance business. Indemnity and the Exchange together constitute a single insurance business. Consequently, we are not subject to state corporate income or franchise taxes in states where the Exchange conducts its business and the states collect premium tax in lieu of corporate income or franchise tax, as a result of the Exchange's remittance of premium taxes in those states. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 classes of common stock: Class A, which has a dividend preference, and Class B, which has voting power and a conversion right. Each share of Class A common stock outstanding at the time of the declaration of any dividend upon shares of Class B common stock shall be entitled to a dividend payable at the same time, at the same record date, and in an amount at least equal to 2/3 of 1.0 of any dividend declared on each share of Class B common stock. We may declare and pay a dividend in respect to Class A common stock without any requirement that any dividend be declared and paid in respect to Class B common stock. Sole shareholder voting power is vested in Class B common stock except insofar as any applicable law shall permit Class A common shareholders to vote as a class in regards to any changes in the rights, preferences, and privileges attaching to Class A common stock. Holders of Class B shares may, at their option, convert their shares into Class A shares at the rate of Class A shares per Class B share. There were shares of Class B common stock converted into Class A common stock in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Stock repurchases 
 Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program effective January 1, 1999 allowing the repurchase of our outstanding Class A nonvoting common stock. In 2011, our Board of Directors approved a continuation of the current stock repurchase program for a total of million, with no time limitation. Treasury shares are recorded in the Statements of Financial Position at total cost based upon trade date. There were shares repurchased under this program during 2022, 2021 or 2020. We had approximately million of repurchase authority remaining under this program at December 31, 2022, based upon trade date. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 OCI (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) ) ) Realized investment losses (gains) ) ) ) ) ) ) Impairment losses (recoveries) ) ) ) OCI (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) AOCI (loss), end of year ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans: AOCI (loss), beginning of year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications Amortization of prior service costs (1) 
 Amortization of net actuarial loss (1) 
 OCI AOCI (loss), end of year ) ) ) ) ) ) Total AOCI (loss), beginning of year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Investment securities ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans OCI AOCI (loss), end of year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) These components of AOCI (loss) are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 9, "Postretirement Benefits", for additional information. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14. 
 
 . The management fee rate charged the Exchange was in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Board of Directors elected to maintain the fee at beginning January 1, 2023. 
 
 There is no provision in the subscriber's agreement for termination of our appointment as attorney-in-fact by the subscribers at the Exchange and the appointment is not affected by a policyholder's disability or incapacity. 
 
 Insurance holding company system 
 Most states have enacted legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems, defined as or more affiliated persons, or more of which is an insurer. The Exchange has the following wholly owned property and casualty subsidiaries: Erie Insurance Company, Erie Insurance Company of New York, Erie Insurance Property Casualty Company and Flagship City Insurance Company, and a wholly owned life insurance company, Erie Family Life Insurance Company. Indemnity and the Exchange, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, meet the definition of an insurance holding company system. 
 
 All transactions within a holding company system affecting the member insurers of the holding company system must be fair and reasonable and any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable. Approval by the applicable insurance commissioner is required prior to the consummation of transactions affecting the members within a holding company system. 
 
 Shared facilities 
 We leased the home office from the Exchange until December 31, 2021, at which time we purchased the home office properties from the Exchange at the appraised value of million to align the ownership interest of these facilities with the functions being performed at the home office campus, which are mainly Indemnity's management operations. Lease expense totaled million in both 2021 and 2020. Operating expenses, including utilities, cleaning, repairs, real estate taxes, property insurance, and leasehold improvements totaled million in both 2021 and 2020. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimbursed us for rent costs and related operating expenses of shared facilities used to perform administrative services, which are allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. Reimbursements related to the use of this space totaled million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Effective July 1, 2021, the Exchange and its subsidiaries entered into a service agreement with Indemnity to use space in Indemnity-owned properties. The home office was added to this agreement effective January 1, 2022. The amount charged is based on rental rates of like property in Erie, Pennsylvania and the usage or square footage occupied. In 2022 and 2021, income earned from the Exchange and its subsidiaries for the use of space totaled million and million, respectively. Operating expenses for Indemnity-owned properties under this service agreement include utilities, cleaning, repairs, real estate taxes, property insurance, and leasehold improvements. These expenses totaled million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Exchange and its subsidiaries reimbursed us for operating expenses of shared facilities used to perform administrative services, which are allocated based upon usage or square footage occupied. Reimbursements related to the use of this space totaled million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 15. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 in 2020, we recorded an allowance for current expected credit losses of million related to the receivables from the Exchange and affiliates. See also Note 2, "Significant Accounting Policies". The current expected credit loss allowance was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16. 
 
 million. We have committed to fund a minimum of of each loan executed through this program. As of December 31, 2022, loans executed under this agreement totaled million, of which our portion of the loans is million. Additionally, we have agreed to guarantee a portion of the funding provided by the other participants in the program in the event of default. As of December 31, 2022, our maximum potential amount of future payments on the guaranteed portion is million. All loan payments under the participation program are current as of December 31, 2022. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 Note 17. 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Lease amortization expense Losses (gains) and impairment losses (recoveries) on investments ) ) Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets ) ) Net investment loss (income) ) (Decrease) increase in deferred compensation ) ) (Increase) decrease in receivables from affiliates ) ) Increase in accrued investment income ) ) ) Increase in pension liability (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Increase (decrease) in commissions payable ) (Decrease) increase in accrued agent bonuses ) Increase (decrease) in contract liability ) Net cash provided by operating activities 

Note 18. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 As required by the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(e), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating controls and procedures is continuous and encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls and procedures. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of Erie Indemnity Company, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Erie Indemnity Company's internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon our evaluation under the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued in 2013, management has concluded that Erie Indemnity Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Timothy G. NeCastro /s/ Gregory J. Gutting /s/ Jorie L. Novacek Timothy G. NeCastro Gregory J. Gutting Jorie L. Novacek President and Executive Vice President Senior Vice President Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Controller March 1, 2023 March 1, 2023 March 1, 2023 
 
 Our independent auditor, Ernst Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on the following page. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 There was no additional information in the fourth quarter of 2022 that has not already been filed in a Form 8-K. 

74 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Erie Indemnity Company 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Erie Indemnity Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Erie Indemnity Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the statements of financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information with respect to our outside directors, audit committee and audit committee financial experts and Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance, is incorporated herein by reference to the information statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our outside directors, officers and employees. We have previously filed a copy of the Code of Conduct as Exhibit 14.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2016. In addition to this, we have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that also applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and any other person performing similar functions. We have previously filed a copy of the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers as Exhibit 14.4 to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2016. Our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers are also available on our website at www.erieinsurance.com . 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Name Age as of 12/31/2022 Principal Occupation and Positions for Past Five Years President Chief Executive Officer: Timothy G. NeCastro 62 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since August 2016; Director, Erie Family Life Insurance Company ("EFL"), Erie Insurance Company ("EIC"), Flagship City Insurance Company ("Flagship"), Erie Insurance Company of New York ("ENY") and Erie Insurance Property Casualty Company ("EPC"). Executive Vice Presidents: Brian W. Bolash 57 Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel since January 2022; Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, October 2018 through December 2021; Senior Counsel and Corporate Secretary, January 2016 through September 2018; Director, EFL, EIC, Flagship, ENY and EPC. Lorianne Feltz 53 Executive Vice President, Claims Customer Service since November 2016. Gregory J. Gutting 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2016; Director, EFL, EIC, Flagship, ENY and EPC. Douglas E. Smith 48 Executive Vice President, Sales Products since November 2016. Parthasarathy Srinivasa 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since joining the Company in April 2022. Prior to joining the Company: Senior Vice President and Chief Data and Insurance Information Officer Verisk Analytics, 2019 through April 2022; Chief Information and Operations Officer Safe Auto Insurance (now Allstate Corporation), 2016 through 2019. Appointed Executive Officers: 1 
 Sean Dugan 54 Senior Vice President, Human Resources since 2020; Corporate Human Resources Officer, 2018 through 2020; Vice President, Talent Acquisition and Community Outreach, 2014 through 2018. Julie M. Pelkowski 53 Senior Vice President, Enterprise Office since March 2022; Senior Vice President and Controller, August 2016 through March 2022; Director, EFL, EIC, Flagship, ENY and EPC. 
 1 As of December 31, 2022, the Company announced appointments for Mr. Dugan and Ms. Pelkowski for Executive Vice President roles, but the appointments were not yet effective. Mr. Dugan became Executive Vice President, Human Resources Corporate Services effective January 1, 2023. Ms. Pelkowski will be Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective May 1, 2023 following the retirement of Mr. Gutting. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, is incorporated by reference to the information statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information with respect to certain relationships with our outside directors is incorporated by reference to the information statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information statement on Schedule 14C to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 Included in Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" contained in this report. 
 
 Erie Indemnity Company : 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial Statements 
 Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules are not required, not applicable, or the information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Page 3. Exhibit Index 
 79 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 (Pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K) 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Registrant dated April 19, 2011. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on August 2, 2011. 
 3.2 Erie Indemnity Company Amended and Restated Bylaws dated April 30, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on May 3, 2019. 
 4.1 Erie Indemnity Company Description of Capital Stock. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021. 
 10.1 Form of Subscriber s Agreement whereby policyholders of Erie Insurance Exchange appoint Registrant as their Attorney-in-Fact. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on November 6, 2002. 
 10.2 Services Agreement between Erie Indemnity Company and Erie Family Life Insurance Company effective March 31, 2011. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on March 31, 2011. 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and each Director and Executive Officer of Erie Indemnity Company. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.108 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 26, 2009. 
 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and Jorie L. Novacek. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.108 in the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 26, 2009. 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and Parthasarathy Srinivasa. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.108 in the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 26, 2009. 
 10.6 Erie Indemnity Company Annual Incentive Plan effective January 1, 2020. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.204 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 10.7 Erie Indemnity Company Long-Term Incentive Plan (Effective as of January 1, 2020). Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant's Information Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Commission on March 20, 2020. 
 10.8 Erie Indemnity Company Equity Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated April 26, 2022), dated June 28, 2022. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on July 28, 2022. 
 10.9 Appointment of Administrator to Deferred Compensation Plan of Erie Indemnity Company, Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan, and Supplemental Retirement Plan for Certain Members of the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees, dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.224 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.10 Deferred Compensation Plan of Erie Indemnity Company (As Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009). Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.104 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 26, 2009. 
 10.11 Appendix B to Deferred Compensation Plan of Erie Indemnity Company (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2019). Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on July 25, 2019. 
 10.12 Second Amendment to Appendix B to Deferred Compensation Plan of Erie Indemnity Company (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2009), dated December 24, 2020. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.209 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021. 
 10.13 Third Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan of Erie Indemnity Company (As Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.223 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.14 Post-2021 Deferred Compensation Plan of the Erie Indemnity Company, effective January 1, 2022, dated December 9, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.218 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.15 Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan (Effective January 1, 2017), dated December 7, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.177 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 23, 2017. 
 10.16 First Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan (Effective January 1, 2017), dated July 1, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on July 25, 2019. 
 10.17 Second Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan (Effective as of January 1, 2017), dated December 24, 2020. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.207 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021. 
 10.18 Third Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan (Effective as of January 1, 2017), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.222 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.19 Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (As Amended and Restated as of July 29, 2015), dated October 20, 2015. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.158 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016. 
 10.20 First Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (As of July 29, 2015), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.217 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.21 Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Stock Plan for Outside Directors (As of July 29, 2015), dated October 20, 2015. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.159 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016. 
 10.22 First Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Stock Plan for Outside Directors (As Amended and Restated as of July 29, 2015), dated March 31, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on April 28, 2016. 
 10.23 Second Amendment to Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Stock Plan for Outside Directors (As of July 29, 2015), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.219 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.24 Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 18, 2015. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.162 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016. 
 10.25 First Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated September 12, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated September 12, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. 
 10.27 Third Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 22, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.178 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 23, 2017. 
 10.28 Fourth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 20, 2017. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.186 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 22, 2018. 
 10.29 Fifth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 20, 2018. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.194 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019. 
 10.30 Sixth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated September 3, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 24, 2019. 
 10.31 Seventh Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 23, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.199 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.32 Eighth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 23, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.200 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 10.33 Ninth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 23, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.201 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 10.34 Tenth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated December 23, 2020. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.206 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021. 
 10.35 Eleventh Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated July 7, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 28, 2021. 
 10.36+ Twelfth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (As Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2014), dated October 10, 2022. 
 10.37 Supplemental Retirement Plan for Certain Members of the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009). Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.103 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 26, 2009. 
 10.38 Second Amendment to Supplemental Retirement Plan for Certain Members of the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009), dated December 24, 2020. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.208 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021. 
 10.39 Third Amendment to Supplemental Retirement Plan for Certain Members of the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.220 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.40 Fourth Amendment to Supplemental Retirement Plan for Certain Members of the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009), dated December 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.221 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.41 Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2015), dated December 18, 2015. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.163 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016. 
 10.42 First Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2015), dated September 12, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. 
 10.43 Second Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated October 17, 2017. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 26, 2017. 
 10.44 Third Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated December 20, 2017. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.185 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 22, 2018. 
 10.45 Fourth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated May 2, 2018. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on July 26, 2018. 
 10.46 Fifth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated March 29, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on May 2, 2019. 
 10.47 Sixth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated December 23, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.202 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 10.48 Seventh Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated December 23, 2019. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.203 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 10.49 Eighth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated July 15, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 28, 2021. 
 10.50 Ninth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated October 21, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.216 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.51+ Tenth Amendment to Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015), dated October 10, 2022. 
 10.52 Credit Agreement by and among Erie Indemnity Company and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of November 7, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on November 14, 2016. 
 10.53 First Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of December 13, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on January 24, 2018. 
 10.54 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of January 22, 2018. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on January 24, 2018. 
 10.55 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of November 13, 2018. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on November 14, 2018. 
 10.56 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Erie Indemnity Company and PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of December 28, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.225 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.57 Pledge Agreement made by Erie Indemnity Company in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, dated as of November 7, 2016. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on November 14, 2016. 
 10.58 Credit Agreement among PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent; the Lenders named therein; and Erie Indemnity Company, dated October 29, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on November 4, 2021. 
 10.59 Pledge Agreement made by Erie Indemnity Company in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, for itself and certain other Lenders, dated October 29, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on November 4, 2021. 
 10.60 Agreement of Lease between Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Indemnity Company for the Erie Insurance Home Office Campus, dated July 1, 2021. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q that was filed with the Commission on October 28, 2021. 
 10.61 Amendment to Agreement of Lease between Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Indemnity Company for the Erie Insurance Home Office Campus, (As of July 1, 2021), dated January 1, 2022. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.226 to the Registrant's Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 24, 2022. 
 10.62+ Second Amendment to Agreement of Lease between Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Indemnity Company for the Erie Insurance Home Office Campus, (As of July 1, 2021), dated January 1, 2023. 
 10.63 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Estate made as of December 7, 2021 between Erie Insurance Exchange and Erie Indemnity Company. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on December 9, 2021. 
 14.1 Code of Conduct. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K that was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016. 
 14.2 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. Such exhibit is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.4 to the Registrant s Form 8-K that was filed with the Commission on June 1, 2016. 
 23+ Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1+ Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2+ Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 32++ Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS+ Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104+ Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. + Filed herewith. ++ Furnished herewith. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 March 1, 2023 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY (Registrant) By: /s/ Timothy G. NeCastro Timothy G. NeCastro, President and CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 March 1, 2023 /s/ Timothy G. NeCastro Timothy G. NeCastro, President and CEO (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gregory J. Gutting Gregory J. Gutting, Executive Vice President and CFO (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Jorie L. Novacek Jorie L. Novacek, Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Board of Directors: 
 
 /s/ J. Ralph Borneman, Jr. /s/ C. Scott Hartz J. Ralph Borneman, Jr. C. Scott Hartz /s/ Eugene C. Connell /s/ Brian A. Hudson, Sr. Eugene C. Connell Brian A. Hudson, Sr. /s/ George R. Lucore Salvatore Correnti George R. Lucore /s/ LuAnn Datesh /s/ Thomas W. Palmer LuAnn Datesh Thomas W. Palmer /s/ Jonathan Hirt Hagen Jonathan Hirt Hagen Elizabeth Hirt Vorsheck /s/ Thomas B. Hagen Thomas B. Hagen, Chairman 
 
 84 

<EX-10.36>
 2
 ex-103612312022.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 

Exhibit 10.36 
 
 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO 
 ERIE INSURANCE GROUP 
 RETIREMENT PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES 
 
 (As Amended and Restated effective December 31, 2014) 
 
 WHEREAS, Erie Indemnity Company (the Company maintains the Erie Insurance Group Retirement Plan for Employees (the Plan under an amendment and restatement effective December 31, 2014 
 
 WHEREAS, the Plan provides that the Company may amend the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to amend the Plan to reflect provisions of the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement SECURE Act. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Section 7.10(b) of the Plan is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows, effective January 1, 2020 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any inconsistent provision of the Plan and effective January 1, 2003, all distributions under the Plan shall be made in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(9), including the incidental death benefit requirement of Code Section 401(a)(9)(G), and Sections 1.401(a)(9)-1 through 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Income Tax Regulations. Specifically, distribution of the Participant s interest shall 
 (i) be completed no later than the Required Beginning Date or 
 (ii) commence not later than the Required Beginning Date with distribution to the Participant made over the life of the Participant or joint lives of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary or a period not longer than the life of the Participant or joint lives of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary. 
 For purposes of this Section 7.10, Required Beginning Date shall mean 
 (iii) for Participants born before July 1, 1949, April 1 of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 or the calendar year in which the Participant terminates employment or retires and 
 (iv) for Participants born after June 30, 1949, April 1 of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 

72 or the calendar year in which the Participant terminates employment or retires 
 provided, however, if the Participant is a five-percent owner (as defined in Section 416 of the Code), the Required Beginning Date shall be April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 or age 72, as applicable based on the Participant s date of birth, regardless of the date that the five-percent owner terminates employment or retires. In the case of a Participant who terminates employment or retires in a calendar year after the calendar year in which he attains age 70 or age 72, as applicable based on the Participant s date of birth, and who has not commenced payments as of the first day of such later calendar year, the Plan benefit accrued by the Participant shall be actuarially increased, to the extent required by regulations, to take into account the period (commencing on the April 1st of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 70 and ending on the date payment commences) during which the Participant did not receive any benefits under the Plan provided, however, that such actuarial increase, to the extent permitted by regulations, shall reduce the benefit accrual otherwise occurring during such period. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed this 10th day of October, 2022. 
 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY ATTEST s Maureen Geary Krowicki By s Brian W. Bolash Title Executive Vice President Secretary & General Counsel 
 2 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.51>
 3
 ex-105112312022.htm
 EX-10.51

Document 

Exhibit 10.51 
 
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO 
 
 ERIE INSURANCE GROUP EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2015) 

WHEREAS, Erie Indemnity Company (the Company maintains the Erie Insurance Group Employee Savings Plan (the Plan under an amendment and restatement effective as of January 1, 2015 
 
 WHEREAS, the Plan provides that the Company may amend the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company wishes to amend the Plan to reflect provisions of the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement SECURE Act. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby amends the Plan as follows, effective as of the dates indicated 
 
 1. Section 2.1(c) of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety and shall now read as follows, effective January 1, 2021 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Covered Employee who is compensated on an hourly basis and who is classified by an Employer as other than a regular hourly employee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan on the first day of a pay period coincident with or next following the January 1 or July 1 on which (or which next follows the date) such Employee completes the requirements under either (i) or (ii) below, provided the Covered Employee remains a Covered Employee as of such January 1 or July 1 
 
 (i) Attains 21 years of age and completes one Year of Eligibility Service or 
 
 (ii) Attains 21 years of age and completes three consecutive Eligibility Computation Periods (as defined in Section 1.42) during each of which such Covered Employee has at least 500 Hours of Service. 
 
 A Covered Employee who is described in this paragraph (c) and who satisfies the conditions set forth above may participate in the Plan by making proper application for participation within a reasonable time prior to the start of a given pay period by furnishing Notice in accordance with procedures established by the Administrator and communicated to Covered Employees. The automatic enrollment provisions of paragraph (b) and the automatic increase provisions of Section 3.1(c) shall not apply to a Covered Employee who is described in this paragraph (c) . 
 
 If an Employee described in this paragraph (c) is not a Covered Employee on the date he otherwise would have become eligible to participate in the Plan, such 

1 

Employee shall be eligible to participate in the Plan pursuant to this Section 2.1 upon his return to employment as a Covered Employee 
 
 2. Section 3.1(c) of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety and shall now read as follows, effective January 1, 2023 
 
 (c) The Elective Deferrals of a Participant who is hired on or after January 2, 2018 and who is making Elective Deferrals at a rate greater than 0 and less than 10 shall be increased automatically as of the March 1 that next follows such Participant s date of hire by at least six months, and as of each subsequent March 1 thereafter. Such automatic rate of increase shall be one percent (1.0 of the Participant s Compensation as of the given March 1 and such automatic rate of increase shall remain in effect for each subsequent March 1 until the Participant s rate of Elective Deferrals is equal to ten percent (10 of Compensation provided, however, that effective January 1, 2023, a Participant enrolled in the automatic increase provisions of the Plan shall have Elective Deferrals continue to increase automatically beyond ten percent (10 of Compensation until the Participant s rate of Elective Deferrals is equal to fifteen percent (15 of Compensation and, provided further, the Participant may affirmatively elect to change such automatic rate of increase, or to decline an automatic increase, at any time in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.8(a). 
 
 3. Section 6.2(a)(i) of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety and shall now read as follows, effective January 1, 2020 
 
 (i) If the vested Total Account exceeds 3,500 as of the determination date chosen by the Administrator or its designee, the Participant (or Beneficiary) may elect, in such manner as provided by the Administrator or its designee, to either take or commence an immediate distribution of such vested Total Account in a form permitted under Section 6.3 or to defer receipt of the same until a later date, but not beyond the end of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72 (age 70 with respect to a Participant born before July 1, 1949) and not beyond such other required commencement date under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code. The failure of any terminated Participant (or terminated Participant s Beneficiary) to make an election with respect to a vested Total Account in excess of the 3,500 threshold shall be deemed an election by the Participant (or Beneficiary) to defer receipt of such vested Total Account. A Participant or Beneficiary who elects (or is deemed to have elected) to defer receipt of the vested Total Account may request a distribution of the vested Total Account in a form permitted under Section 6.3 at a subsequent date permitted under Section 401(a)(9) of the Code. Pending distribution of his Total Account, such Participant or Beneficiary shall be permitted to change the manner in which such Total Account is invested in accordance with Section 5.3(b). 
 
 4. Section 6.3(a) of the Plan is hereby amended in its entirety and shall now read as follows, effective January 1, 2023 
 2 

6.3 Payment of Amounts Distributed 
 
 (a) Distributions to a Participant or Beneficiary may be paid in the form of 
 
 (i) a lump sum 
 
 (ii) bi-weekly, bi-monthly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments that will provide a fixed amount per pay period 
 
 (iii) bi-weekly, bi-monthly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments that will provide a fixed percentage of the Total Account maintained on behalf of the recipient per pay period 
 
 (iv) bi-weekly, bi-monthly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments that will provide substantially equal payments over a fixed period that is not in excess of the lesser of fifteen (15) years or the recipient s life expectancy, as determined by the Administrator as of the date the payments begin or 
 
 (v) bi-weekly, bi-monthly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual installments that will provide payments of a variable amount over the recipient s life expectancy, as determined in accordance with tables promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 Pursuant to such uniform and nondiscriminatory policy as the Administrator, in its discretion, shall determine, a Participant or Beneficiary who has elected payment in an installment form under Section 6.3(a)(ii) through (v) may elect, at some future date, to have the balance of the vested Total Account maintained on his behalf paid in the form of a lump sum or to change the frequency of the installments within the payment form the Participant or Beneficiary has chosen. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, a Participant or Beneficiary may not change his elected form of distribution following the date Plan payments begin. A Participant who returns to employment with the Employer on a full or part-time basis following commencement of an installment form of distribution shall be deemed to have cancelled his distribution election as of his date of reemployment. In no event may distributions from the Plan be made in the form of an annuity. 
 
 5. Section 6.3 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting paragraphs (c) through (f) and by adding the following in lieu thereof, effective January 1, 2020 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding any inconsistent provision of the Plan, all distributions under the Plan shall be made in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(9), including the incidental death benefit requirement of Code Section 401(a)(9)(G), and Treasury Regulations Sections 1.401(a)(9)-1 through 1.401(a)(9)-9. Specifically, distribution of the Participant s interest shall 

3 

(i) be completed no later than the required beginning date or 
 
 (ii) commence not later than the required beginning date with distribution to the Participant made over the life of the Participant or joint lives of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary or a period not longer than the life of the Participant or joint lives of the Participant and a designated Beneficiary. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 6.3, required beginning date shall mean April 1 of the calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72 (age 70 with respect to a Participant born before July 1, 1949) or the calendar year in which the Participant terminates employment or retires provided, however, if the Participant is a five-percent owner (as defined in Code Section 416), the required beginning date shall be April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant attains age 72 (age 70 , with respect to a Participant born before July 1, 1949) regardless of the date that the five-percent owner terminates employment or retires. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless the Participant elects otherwise, distribution of benefits under Section 6.2 will begin no later than the 60th day after the latest of the close of the Plan Year in which 
 
 (i) the Participant attains age 65 
 
 (ii) occurs the fifth anniversary of the Plan Year in which the Participant commenced participant in the Plan or 
 
 (iii) the Participant terminated employment with the Company and Affiliates. 
 
 (d) In the event that a Participant dies prior to the date that distribution commences 
 
 (i) any portion of the Participant s interest that is not payable to a designated Beneficiary shall be distributed not later than the end of the calendar year which includes the fifth anniversary of the date of the Participant s death 
 
 (ii) any portion of the Participant s interest that is payable to a designated Beneficiary that is not an eligible designated Beneficiary under Treasury Regulations shall be distributed not later than the end of the calendar year which includes the tenth anniversary of the date of the Participant s death and 
 
 (ii) any portion of the Participant s interest that is payable to a designated Beneficiary that is an eligible designated Beneficiary under Treasury Regulations shall be distributed in accordance with subparagraph (ii) above or over the life of the eligible designated Beneficiary (or over a 

4 

period not extending beyond the life expectancy of such Beneficiary), commencing not later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year of the Participant s death or, if the eligible designated Beneficiary is the Participant s surviving Spouse, commencing not later than the last day of the later of the calendar year in which the Participant would have attained age 72 (age 70 , with respect to a Participant born before July 1, 1949) or the calendar year following the calendar year which includes the date of the Participant s death. 
 
 (e) In the event a Participant dies after distribution of his interest has begun, but prior to distribution of his entire interest, the remaining portion of such interest shall be distributed, at the election of the Participant s Beneficiary, in a lump sum or in a method that is at least as rapid as the method being used at the date of the Participant s death provided, however, that unless the Participant s Beneficiary is an eligible designated Beneficiary under Treasury Regulations, the period over which such remaining interest is distributed shall not exceed the end of the calendar year which includes the tenth anniversary of the date of the Participant s death. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed this 10th day of October, 2022. 
 
 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY ATTEST s Maureen Geary Krowicki By s Brian W. Bolash Title Executive Vice President Secretary & General Counsel 
 5 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.62>
 4
 ex-106212312022.htm
 EX-10.62

Document 

Exhibit 10.62 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 
 This SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT Amendment ), effective as of January 1, 2023 (for purposes of this Amendment, the Effective Date ), is entered into between ERIE INSURANCE EXCHANGE Tenant ), a reciprocal insurance exchange organized under the laws of Pennsylvania with principal offices and place of business at 100 Erie Insurance Place, Erie, PA 16530, acting by and through its attorney-in-fact, ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY and ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY Landlord ), a Pennsylvania business corporation, with its principal offices and place of business also at 100 Erie Insurance Place, Erie, PA 16530 collectively referred to herein as the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS , Landlord and Tenant entered into that certain Home Office Agreement of Lease dated July 1, 2021 relating to certain premises located in Erie Pennsylvania (collectively, the Lease 
 WHEREAS , Landlord and Tenant have agreed to amend the Lease, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter described and 
 WHEREAS , all capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Lease. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration paid by Tenant to Landlord and the mutual covenants, terms, and conditions set forth herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby amend the Lease on the terms hereof as of the Effective Date as follows 
 1. Appendix A to the Lease shall be replaced in its entirety with the appendix attached to this Amendment. 
 2. No Default . Landlord and Tenant hereby affirm that as of the Effective Date, no breach, default or other act, error, or omission which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a breach or default by either party has occurred and is continuing under the Lease. 
 3. Affirmation of Lease Terms . Except as modified by this Amendment, Landlord and Tenant hereby ratify the Lease and agree that the Lease shall remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect. In the event there is any conflict between the terms of the Lease and the terms set forth in this Amendment, the terms specifically set out in this Amendment shall control. From and after the Effective Date, any and all references to the Lease or this Lease in the Lease shall mean the Lease as modified by this Amendment. 
 4. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Entire Agreement . This Amendment contains the entire understanding between the Parties with respect to the matters being amended as contained herein. 
 (b) Amendment and Modification . This Amendment may not be changed or modified orally, but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement of any waiver, change, or modification is sought. 

(c) Further Assurances . Each of the Parties shall deliver to the other any further instruments or documents which may be reasonably required to establish to the satisfaction of the other party that it has agreed to be bound by and become liable under the terms and conditions of the Lease and this Amendment. 

Continues with signatures on next page. 

- 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date set forth above. 
 TENANT 
 
 ERIE INSURANCE EXCHANGE, a reciprocal insurance exchange organized under the laws of Pennsylvania with principal offices and place of business at 100 Erie Insurance Place, Erie, PA 16530, acting by and through its attorney-in-fact, ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY 

By s Gregory J. Gutting 
 Gregory J. Gutting 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Financial Officer 

LANDLORD 
 
 ERIE INDEMNITY COMPANY, a Pennsylvania business corporation, with its principal offices and place of business at 100 Erie Insurance Place, Erie, PA 16530 

By s Brian W. Bolash 
 Brian W. Bolash 
 Executive Vice President, Secretary and 
 General Counsel 
 
 - 3 - 

Appendix A 
 
 Buildings 

SIZE ABOVE BELOW GROUND BASE 
 NAME LOCATION RENT ABOVE BELOW GROUND YEAR 
 
 Sixth Street Tower 125 East 6 th Street 293,139 35,770 07 01 2021- 
 Erie, PA 16501 10.75 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 Westport 4950 West 23 rd Street 77,260 n a 07 01 2021- 
 Erie, PA 16505 8.50 n a 06 30 2022 
 H.O Hirt Building 100 Erie Insurance Place 93,127 28,217 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16530 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 F.W. Hirt-Perry Square 100 Erie Insurance Place 162,002 41,065 01 01 2022- 
 Building Erie, PA 16530 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 Petersen Center 100 Erie Insurance Place 30,724 n a 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16530 8.95 n a 06 30 2022 
 
 Holland Street Building 100 Erie Insurance Place 66,114 27,364 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16530 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 Lafayette Place 400 French Street 17,052 5,392 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16507 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 Gideon Ball House 135 East 6 th Street 9,200 n a 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16501 8.95 n a 06 30 2022 
 
 Armory 360 East 6 th Street 21,737 12,605 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16507 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 C.F Adams Heritage Center 101 East 6 th Street 6,036 4,325 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16501 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 O Donnell House 410 French Street 762 711 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16507 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 Firehouse 414 French Street 8,073 2,480 01 01 2022- 
 Erie, PA 16507 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 
 
 French Street Ramp 100 Erie Insurance Place 11,760 38,616 01 01 2022- 
 Mail Facility Erie, PA 16530 8.95 4.20 06 30 2022 

</EX-10.62>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex-2312312022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218739) pertaining to the Erie Indemnity Company Incentive Compensation Deferral Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-188244) pertaining to the Erie Indemnity Company Equity Compensation Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-148705) pertaining to the Erie Indemnity Company 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, Erie Indemnity Company 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and Erie Indemnity Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-82062) pertaining to the Erie Indemnity Company Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-53318) pertaining to the Erie Indemnity Company Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Erie Indemnity Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Erie Indemnity Company included in this Annual Report (Form 
 10-K) of Erie Indemnity Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex-31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy G. NeCastro, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Erie Indemnity Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Timothy G. NeCastro Timothy G. NeCastro President & CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex-31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregory J. Gutting, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Erie Indemnity Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 s Gregory J. Gutting Gregory J. Gutting Executive Vice President & CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex-3212312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 We, Timothy G. NeCastro, Chief Executive Officer of the Erie Indemnity Company (the Company ), and Gregory J. Gutting, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350, that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Timothy G. NeCastro Timothy G. NeCastro President & CEO s Gregory J. Gutting Gregory J. Gutting Executive Vice President & CFO March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 erie-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 erie-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 erie-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 erie-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 erie-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

