<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_706863_0000706863-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14712590</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2458730</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5726150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3049523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2871417</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000706863-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324162800
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000706863-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000706863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				030283552
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15985
		FILM NUMBER:		23760198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8028886600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000706863-23-000016.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 unb-20221231.htm
 BODY OF FORM 10-K

unb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 Commission file number 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 Registrant's telephone number: - 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: Not applicable 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) (Trading Symbol(s)) (Exchanges registered on) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Sections 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards proviced pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 was based on the closing price on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC on such date of 26.15 per share. For purposes of this calculation, all directors, executive officers, and named executives of the Registrant are assumed to be affiliates. Such assumption, however, shall not be deemed to be an admission of such status as to any such individual. 
 On February 28, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 2.00 par value, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Document Part Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders III 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. 
 Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1 - Business 5 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 13 
 Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 22 
 Item 2 - Properties 22 
 Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 22 
 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 22 
 Part II Item 5 - Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 
 Item 6 - [Reserved] 23 
 Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 
 Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 44 
 Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 45 
 Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 87 
 Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 87 
 Item 9B - Other Information 87 
 Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 87 
 Part III Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance (a) 87 
 Item 11 - Executive Compensation (a) 88 
 Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (a) 88 
 Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence (a) 88 
 Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services (a) 88 
 Part IV Item 15 - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K 89 
 Item 16 - Form 10-K Summary 91 
 Signatures 91 
 Exhibit Index 92 

____________________ 
 
 (a) The information required by Part III Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference, in whole or in part, from the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. The incorporation by reference herein of portions of the Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to specifically incorporate by reference the information referred to in Items 407(d)(1)-(3) of Regulation S-K or the information required to be included in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K. Incorporation by reference of this report into any registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended shall not be deemed to incorporate by reference the information referred to in Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K. 
 3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 The Company may from time to time make written or oral statements that are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include financial projections, statements of plans and objectives for future operations, estimates of future economic performance or conditions and assumptions relating thereto. The Company may include forward-looking statements in its filings with the SEC, in its reports to stockholders, including this Annual Report, in press releases, other written materials, and in statements made by senior management to analysts, rating agencies, institutional investors, representatives of the media and others. 
 Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainties, both general and specific, and risk exists that actual results will differ from those predictions, forecasts, projections and other estimates contained in forward-looking statements. These risks cannot be readily quantified. When management uses any of the terms believes, expects, predicts, anticipates, intends, "projects," "potential," plans, seeks, estimates, "targets," "goals," may, might, could, would, should, or similar expressions, they are making forward-looking statements. Many possible events or factors, including those beyond the control of management, could affect the future financial results and performance of the Company. 
 Factors that may cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 interest rate risk, including the effects of recent and anticipated rate increases by the Federal Reserve; 
 fluctuations in the values of the securities held in our securities portfolio as the result of rising interest rates, which has resulted in unrealized losses in our securities portfolios; 
 increased competitive pressures, including those from tax-advantaged credit unions and other financial service providers in the Company's northern Vermont and New Hampshire market area or in the financial services industry generally, from increasing consolidation and integration of financial service providers, and from changes in technology and delivery systems; 
 changes in tax or banking laws and regulations that increases our compliance and other costs of doing business; 
 increases in the level of nonperforming assets and charge-offs; 
 changes in depositor behavior resulting in movement of funds out of bank deposits and into the stock market or other higher-yielding investments; 
 new or revised accounting standards, including as a result of the implementation of the new Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) standard, which became effective for the Company on January 1, 2023; 
 the ability to successfully manage liquidity risk, which may increase the dependence on non-core funding sources such as brokered deposits, and negatively impact our cost of funds; 
 changes in information technology that require increased capital spending or that result in new or increased risks; 
 changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and savings habits; 
 further changes to the regulations governing the calculation of the Company s regulatory capital ratios; 
 increased competitive pressures affecting the ability of the Company to attract, develop and retain senior management and other employees; 
 increased cybersecurity threats; 
 disruptions in financial markets caused by high profile bank failures and actual or proposed responsive measures by federal or state governments or banking regulators, including increases in our deposit insurance assessments; 
 the effects of inflation and higher energy costs on our borrowers and other customers; and 
 changes in trade, monetary, and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the FRB. 
 
 When evaluating forward-looking statements to make decisions about the Company and our stock, investors and others are cautioned to consider these and other risks and uncertainties, and are reminded not to place undue reliance on such statements. Investors should not consider the foregoing list of factors to be a complete list of risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update them to reflect new or changed information or events, except as may be required by federal securities laws. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Certain Definitions: Capitalized terms used in the following discussion and not otherwise defined below have the meanings assigned to them in Note 1 to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, item 8, page 52 of this Annual Report. 
 General: Union Bankshares, Inc. Company is a one-bank holding company whose sole subsidiary is Union Bank Union ). It was incorporated in the State of Vermont in 1982 to serve as a holding company for Union Bank. The Company's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "UNB". Union Bank was organized and chartered as a State bank in 1891 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the holding company reorganization in 1982. Both Union Bankshares, Inc. and Union Bank are headquartered in Morrisville, Vermont. 
 The Company's business is that of a community bank in the financial services industry. The Company has one definable business segment, Union Bank, which provides full retail, commercial, municipal banking, and wealth management and trust services throughout its 18 banking offices, three loan centers, and several ATMs covering northern Vermont and northern New Hampshire. Also, many of Union's services are provided via the telephone, mobile devices, and through its website, www.ublocal.com . Union seeks to make a profit for the Company while providing quality retail banking services to individuals and commercial banking services to small and medium sized business corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and sole proprietorships, as well as nonprofit organizations, local municipalities and school districts within its market area. 
 The Company's income is derived principally from interest and fees on loans and earnings on other investments. Its primary expenses arise from interest paid on deposits and borrowings, salaries and wages, health insurance and other employee benefits and other general overhead expenses, including occupancy and equipment expenses. Our profitability depends primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income on interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest-earning assets include loans, investment securities, and interest-earning deposits in banks. Interest-bearing liabilities primarily include customer deposit accounts, brokered deposits, subordinated notes and other borrowings. Net interest income is dependent upon the level of interest rates and the extent to which such rates change, as well as changes in the volume of various categories of assets and liabilities. Our profitability is also dependent on the level of noninterest income (primarily gains on sale of real estate loans, loan servicing income, and service fees), provision for loan losses, noninterest expenses and income taxes. Our operations and profitability are subject to changes in interest rates, applicable statutes and regulations, changes in corporate tax rates, general economic conditions, the competitive environment, as well as other factors beyond our control. 
 Human Capital . Our employees play a vital role in our company-wide vision of delivering the best banking experience to all of our customers, employees, communities, and shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, Union employed 188 full time employees. Guided by our core values, we are committed to creating a company culture where everyone is included and respected, and where we support each other in reaching our full potential. To attract, engage, and retain top talent, we strive to create a supportive workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers. We provide numerous training and development opportunities, as well as a robust tuition reimbursement program. We are also deeply committed to the health and well-being of our employees. This includes market-competitive compensation, medical and dental insurance, paid time off, life insurance, short term and long-term disability, and a 401(k) plan. We maintain a number of human resources and other policies, including a harassment and retaliation policy, to promote a workplace that is safe for all and supports a culture where people feel they can report incidents that threaten that safety. In addition, we have a confidential whistleblower program that forwards complaints to the audit committee and the Board of Directors, and we will work to take necessary action as quickly as possible after a complaint is received. We also prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation (including gender identity and gender expression), national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status. We employ based on talent and potential for professional growth, and we value a diversity of backgrounds and ideas. 
 
 Description of Services: Services or products offered to our customers include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Commercial loans for business purposes to business owners and investors for plant and equipment, working capital, real estate renovation and other sound business purposes; 
 Commercial real estate loans on income producing properties, including commercial construction loans; 
 SBA guaranteed loans; 
 Residential construction and mortgage loans; 
 Online cash management services, including account reconciliation, credit card depository, Automated Clearing House (ACH) origination, wire transfers and night depository; 
 Merchant credit card services for the deposit and immediate credit of sales drafts; 
 Remote deposit capture for merchants; 
 Online mortgage applications; 
 5 

Online consumer deposit account opening; 
 Business checking accounts; 
 Standby letters of credit, bank checks or money orders, and safe deposit boxes; 
 ATM services; 
 Debit MasterCard and ATM cards; 
 Telephone, internet, and mobile banking services, including bill pay; 
 Home improvement loans and overdraft checking privileges against preauthorized lines of credit; 
 Retail depository services including personal checking accounts, checking accounts with interest, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, IRA/SEP/KEOGH accounts and Health Savings accounts; and 
 Wealth management and trust services to individuals and organizations. 
 Consistent with the Company's objective of serving the financial needs of individuals, businesses and others within our market areas, we seek to concentrate our assets in loans. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's rate of average loans to average deposits was 75.6 . To be consistent with the requirements of prudent banking practices, adequate levels of assets are invested in high-grade securities, FDIC insured certificates of deposits, or other prudent investment alternatives such as company-owned life insurance and investments in real estate limited partnerships for affordable housing. Deposits are the primary source of funds for use in lending, investing and for other general operating purposes. In addition we obtain funds from principal repayments, sales and prepayments of loans, securities and FDIC insured certificates of deposit. Other funding sources may include brokered deposits purchased through CDARS, ICS or through other deposit brokers, and borrowings from the FHLB, correspondent banks or the Federal Reserve discount window. 
 
 Competition: The Company and Union face substantial competition for loans and deposits in northern Vermont and New Hampshire from local and regional commercial banks, savings banks, tax exempt credit unions, mortgage brokers, and financial services affiliates of bank holding companies, as well as from national financial service providers such as mutual funds, brokerage houses, insurance companies, consumer finance companies and internet banks. Within the Company's market area are branches of several commercial and savings banks that are substantially larger than Union. Union focuses on its community banking niche and on providing convenient locations, hours and modes of delivery to provide superior customer service. We have seen over the last few years, a trend by customers to turn to local community banks to fulfill their financial needs with organizations and people they know and trust. Also, as a result of COVID-19, customers have looked to perform traditional banking transactions electronically either via the internet or Union's mobile app. We are hopeful that these trends will continue. The Company seeks to capitalize upon the extensive business and personal contacts and relationships of our directors, advisory board members and officers within our communities to continue to develop our customer base, as well as relying on director and advisory board referrals, officer-originated calling programs and customer and shareholder referrals. 
 In order to compete with the larger financial institutions in its service area, Union capitalizes on the flexibility and local autonomy which is accorded by our independent status. This includes an emphasis on personal service, timely decision making, local promotional activity, and personal contacts and community service by our officers, directors and employees. We strive to inform the public about the strength of the franchise, the variety and flexibility of the services we offer and the strength of the local economy relative to the national economy. In addition, we provide information on financial topics of interest and strive to educate future generations by helping them to cultivate sound personal financial habits through our "Save for Success" program for children. 
 We compete for deposit accounts by offering customers competitive products and rates, personal service, local area expertise, convenient locations and access, and an array of financial services and products. The rapid increase in interest rates initiated by the Fed in 2022 and so far in 2023 has resulted in higher deposit rates. The unprecedented levels of liquidity experienced throughout 2020 and 2021 have essentially evaporated due to high levels of inflation, resulting in greater competitive pressures for deposits than in recent years. Union is utilizing a combination of higher rates on non-maturity deposits and time deposit specials to attract and retain customer deposits. 
 The competition in originating real estate and other loans comes principally from commercial banks, savings banks, mortgage banking companies and tax exempt credit unions. We compete for loan originations primarily through the interest rates and loan fees we charge, the types of loans we offer, and the efficiency and quality of services we provide. The Company emphasizes residential mortgage lending, commercial real estate and construction lending, as well as municipal loans and both conventional and SBA guaranteed commercial lending. Factors that affect our ability to compete for loans include general and local economic conditions, prevailing interest rates including the Federal Home Loan Bank rates, prime rate, and pricing volatility of the secondary loan markets. We promote an increased level of personal service and expertise within the community to position Union as a lender to small to middle market business and residential customers, which tend to be under-served by larger institutions. 
 6 

Through Union's Wealth Management Group we compete for personal and institutional wealth management and trust business with trust companies, commercial banks having trust departments, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies. 
 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 General 
 The following discussion addresses elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. This regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund DIF ), and the banking system as a whole, rather than the protection of shareholders or non-depository creditors of a bank holding company such as the Company. 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FRB under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). As a state chartered commercial bank, Union Bank is subject to the regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the Vermont Department of Financial Regulation ("DFR"). 
 The following is a summary of certain aspects of various statutes and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiary. This summary is not a comprehensive analysis of all applicable laws, and you should refer to the applicable statutes and regulations for more information. Changes in applicable laws or regulations, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a bank holding company or a bank can engage. The prior approval of the FDIC and DFR is required, among other things, for Union to establish or relocate a branch office, assume deposits or engage in any merger, consolidation, purchase or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of any bank. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to classification of assets and establishment of adequate credit loss reserves for regulatory purposes. To the extent that this information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to those provisions. 
 The Company is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC for matters relating to the offer and sale of its securities as well as investor reporting requirements. The Company is subject to restrictions, reporting requirements, and review procedures under federal securities laws and regulations. The Company's common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol UNB and accordingly, the Company is subject to the rules of NASDAQ for listed companies. 
 
 Financial Regulatory Reform Legislation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in 2010, comprehensively reformed the regulation of financial institutions and the products and services they offer. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act: 
 granted the FRB increased supervisory authority and codified the source of strength doctrine, 
 provided new capital standards applicable to the Company, 
 modified the scope and costs associated with deposit insurance coverage, 
 permitted well capitalized and well managed banks to acquire other banks in any state subject to certain deposit concentration limits and other conditions, 
 permitted the payment of interest on business demand deposit accounts, 
 established the CFPB and transferred rulemaking authority to it under various consumer protection laws relating to financial products and services, 
 established new minimum mortgage underwriting standards for residential mortgages, 
 barred banking organizations, such as the Company, from engaging in proprietary trading and from sponsoring and investing in hedge funds and private equity funds, except as permitted under certain circumstances, and 
 established the Financial Stability Oversight Council to designate certain activities as posing a risk to the United States financial systems and recommended new or heightened standards and safeguards for financial institutions engaging in such activities. 
 While the Dodd-Frank Act is focused principally on changes to the financial regulatory system, it includes several corporate governance, disclosure and compensation provisions applicable to public companies. Those provisions include: 
 A requirement that public companies solicit an advisory vote on executive compensation ("say-on-pay"), an advisory vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes and, in the event of a merger or other extraordinary transaction, an advisory vote on certain "golden parachute" payments. The Company's last say-on-pay vote was hel d at the 2022 annual meeting with shareholders approving the Company's executive compensation program by a wide margin. Our next say-on-pay and say-on-frequency advisory votes are scheduled to occur at the 2025 annual meeting, 
 7 

Requirements that the SEC adopt rules directing the securities exchanges to adopt listing standards with respect to compensation committee independence and the use of consultants , 
 Provisions calling for the SEC to adopt expanded disclosure requirements for annual proxy statements and other filings, particularly in the area of executive compensation, such as disclosure of pay versus performance, policies with regard to hedging transactions conducted by employees and directors, and, for public companies other than smaller reporting companies, the ratio of CEO pay to the pay of a median employee, 
 Provisions requiring the adoption or revision of certain other corporate policies, such as compensation "clawback" policies providing for the recovery of executive compensation in the event of a financial restatement, and 
 A provision clarifying the SEC's authority to adopt rules requiring issuers to include in their proxy statements solicitations for shareholder nominations for directors. 
 Although disclosure requirements for public companies increased under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company is a smaller reporting company and as permitted under the rules and regulations of the SEC, has elected to provide certain scaled disclosures in this Annual Report and in its annual meeting proxy statement, including scaled disclosures regarding executive compensation. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FRB, which has the authority, among other things, to order bank holding companies to cease and desist from unsafe or unsound banking practices; to assess civil money penalties; and to order termination of non-banking activities or termination of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company. 
 Source of Strength. Under long-standing FRB policy and now codified in the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies, such as Union Bankshares, are required to act as a source of financial and management strength to their subsidiary banks, such as Union, and to commit resources to support them. This support may be called for at times when a bank holding company may not have the required resources to do so. 
 Acquisitions and Activities. Under the BHCA, the activities of bank holding companies, such as Union Bankshares Inc., and those of companies that they control, such as Union, or in which they hold more than 5 of the voting stock, are limited to banking, managing or controlling banks, furnishing services to or performing services for their subsidiaries, or certain activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking, managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Satisfactory capital ratios, CRA ratings and anti-money laundering policies are generally prerequisites to obtaining Federal regulatory approval to make acquisitions. Financial holding companies may engage in certain nonbanking activities not permitted for bank holding companies. Union Bankshares Inc. has not elected to become a financial holding company. 
 Enforcement Powers. The FRB has the authority to issue cease and desist orders against bank holding companies to prevent or terminate unsafe or unsound banking practices, violations of law and regulations, or conditions imposed by, or violations of agreements with, or commitments to, the FRB. The FRB is also empowered to assess civil money penalties against companies or individuals who violate the BHCA or orders or regulations thereunder, to order termination of nonbanking activities of nonbanking subsidiaries of bank holding companies, and to order termination of ownership and control of a nonbanking subsidiary by a bank holding company. There are no enforcement actions currently in place against the Company. 
 The FRB has the power to prohibit dividends by bank holding companies if their actions constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The FRB has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the FRB's view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company's net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the company's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. 
 
 Regulation of Union Bank 
 
 Union is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the FDIC and the DFR. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB may directly examine the subsidiary of the Company. The enforcement powers available to the federal banking regulators include, among other things, the ability to issue cease and desist or removal orders; to terminate insurance of deposits; to assess civil money penalties; to issue directives to increase capital; to place the Bank into receivership; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. The DFR possesses similar enforcement powers under Vermont law. There are no such enforcement actions currently in place against Union. 
 Deposit Insurance. As a member of the FDIC, the deposits of Union are insured under the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF maintained by the FDIC up to 250,000 per ownership category. Under applicable federal laws and regulations, deposit insurance premium assessments to the DIF are currently based on a supervisory risk rating system, with the most favorably rated institutions paying the lowest premiums. Under this assessment system, risk is defined and measured using an institution's 
 8 

supervisory ratings, combined with certain other risk measures, including certain financial ratios and long-term debt issuer ratings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank's total FDIC insurance assessment expense was 622 thousand. 
 Brokered Deposits . The FDICIA restricts the ability of an FDIC insured bank to accept brokered deposits unless it is a well capitalized institution under FDICIA's prompt corrective action guidelines. Union has established an account with one of its approved investment brokers to accept brokered deposits as an approved liquidity source. Additionally, Union accepts reciprocal time and money market deposits primarily through its membership with the IntraFi Network in CDARS and ICS, respectively. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 allows the Company to hold reciprocal deposits up to 20 percent of total liabilities without those deposits being treated as brokered for regulatory purposes. 
 Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"). Union is subject to the federal CRA, which requires banks to demonstrate their commitment to serving the credit needs of low and moderate income residents of their communities. Union participates in a variety of direct and indirect lending programs and other investments for the benefit of low and moderate income residents in its local communities. The FDIC conducts examinations of insured banks' compliance with CRA requirements and rates institutions as "Outstanding," "Satisfactory," "Needs to Improve," and "Substantial NonCompliance." Failure of an institution to receive at least a "Satisfactory" CRA rating could adversely affect its ability to undertake certain activities, such as branching and acquisitions of other financial institutions, which require regulatory approval based, in part, on the institution's record of CRA compliance. In addition, failure of a bank subsidiary to receive at least a "Satisfactory" rating would disqualify a bank holding company from eligibility to become or remain a financial holding company under the GLBA. Union has received an "Outstanding" rating from its most recent CRA compliance examination by the FDIC. 
 Federal Reserve Board Policies. The monetary policies and regulations of the FRB have had a significant effect on the operating results of banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. FRB policies affect the levels of bank earnings on loans and investments and the levels of interest paid on bank deposits and borrowings through the Federal Reserve System's open-market operations in United States government securities, regulation of the discount rate and terms on bank borrowings from Federal Reserve Banks. 
 
 Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness 
 
 Capital Adequacy Guidelines. The FDIC and other federal bank regulatory agencies adopted a final rule for leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets which is consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision under the so-called Basel III framework and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that became effective on January 1, 2015. Among other things, the rule established a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio with a minimum requirement of 4.5 , increased the minimum Tier 1 risk based ratio from 4.0 to 6.0 , and assigned a higher risk weight of 150 to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or in nonaccrual status as well as certain commercial real estate loans that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also required accumulated OCI be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital unless a one time opt-out election was made during the first quarter of 2015. The Company and Union both made the election. The rule limits a banking organization's capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 above the minimum capital ratio requirements. 
 A financial institution's failure to meet minimum regulatory capital standards can lead to other penalties, including termination of deposit insurance or appointment of a conservator or receiver for the financial institution. Risk based capital ratios are the primary measure of regulatory capital presently applicable to bank holding companies. Risk based capital guidelines are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banks and bank holding companies, to account for off-balance-sheet exposure and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. 
 Federal bank regulatory agencies require banking organizations that engage in significant trading activity to calculate a capital charge for market risk. Significant trading activity means trading activity of at least 10 of total assets or 1 billion, whichever is smaller, calculated on a consolidated basis for bank holding companies. Federal bank regulators may apply the market risk measure to other bank holding companies, as the agency deems necessary or appropriate for safe and sound banking practices. Each agency may exclude organizations that it supervises that otherwise meet the criteria under certain circumstances. The market risk charge will be included in the calculation of an organization's risk based capital ratio. Neither the Company nor Union is currently subject to this special capital charge. 
 Prompt Corrective Action. FDICIA, among other things, identifies five capital categories for insured depository institutions (well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized) and requires the respective federal banking agencies to implement systems for prompt corrective action for insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Failure to meet the capital guidelines could also subject a banking institution to capital raising requirements. An undercapitalized bank must develop a capital restoration plan and its parent holding company must guarantee that bank's compliance with the plan. 
 9 

The liability of the parent holding company under any such guarantee is limited to the lesser of 5 of the bank's assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount needed to comply with the plan. Furthermore, in the event of the bankruptcy of the parent holding company, such guarantee would take priority over the parent's general unsecured creditors. In addition, FDICIA requires the various federal banking agencies to prescribe certain noncapital standards for safety and soundness related generally to operations and management, asset quality and executive compensation, and permits regulatory action against a financial institution that does not meet such standards. 
 The various federal banking agencies have adopted substantially similar regulations that define the five capital categories identified by FDICIA, using the Tier 1 Capital, Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, Total Capital and Leverage Ratios as the relevant capital measures. Such regulations establish various degrees of corrective action to be taken when an institution is considered undercapitalized. Under the regulations as in effect during 2022, a well capitalized institution must have a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 , a total capital ratio of at least 10 and a leverage ratio of at least 5 and not be subject to a capital directive order. 
 At December 31, 2022, Union's Tier I and Total Risk Based Capital Ratios were 12.9 and 14.0 respectively, and its Leverage Capital Ratio was 7.8 , and it is considered well capitalized under applicable regulatory guidelines in effect as of such date. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards. FDICIA, as amended, directs each Federal banking agency to prescribe safety and soundness standards for depository institutions relating to internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, asset quality, earnings and stock valuation. The Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 amended FDICIA by allowing Federal banking regulators to publish guidelines rather than regulations concerning safety and soundness. 
 FDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect Union's operations, including reporting requirements, regulatory guidelines for real estate lending, truth in savings disclosure provisions, and a requirement to provide 90 days prior notice to customers and regulatory authorities before closing any branch. Union is subject to 112 of FDICIA, which requires an additional annual reporting to the FDIC, FRB, and DFR regarding preparation of the annual financial statements, the maintenance of an internal control structure for financial and regulatory reporting and compliance with certain designated banking laws, as well as imposition of increased responsibilities on the Company's external auditor and audit committee. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 As a bank holding company, the Company's ability to pay dividends to its stockholders is largely dependent on the ability of its subsidiary to pay dividends to it. Payment of dividends by Vermont-chartered banks, such as Union, is subject to applicable state and federal laws. Under Vermont banking laws, a Vermont-chartered bank may not authorize dividends or other distributions that would reduce the bank's capital below the amount of capital required in the bank's Certificate of General Good or under any capital or surplus standards established by the Commissioner of the DFR. Union does not have any capital restrictions in its Certificate of General Good and, to date, the Commissioner of the DFR has not adopted capital or surplus standards. Nevertheless, the capital standards established by the FDIC, described above under "Prompt Corrective Action" apply to Union, and the capital standards of the FRB apply to the Company on a consolidated basis. In addition, the FRB, the FDIC and the Commissioner of the DFR are authorized under applicable federal and state laws to prohibit payment of dividends that are determined to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Payment of dividends that significantly deplete the capital of a bank or a bank holding company, or render it illiquid, could be found to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, the Basel III capital standards limit a financial institution's ability to pay dividends if it does not maintain a required capital conservation buffer. 
 
 Consumer Protection Regulation 
 The Company and Union are subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices, including, but not limited to, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Ownership Protection Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (the FACT Act ), GLBA, the Truth in Lending Act, CRA, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act and various state law counterparts. Union is also subject to laws and regulations to protect consumers in connection with their deposit or electronic transactions. These laws include the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and the Expedited Funds Availability Act. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans and providing other services. Further, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has the responsibility for making rules and regulations under the federal consumer protection laws relating to financial products and services. The CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair or deceptive acts and practices and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers and draft model disclosure forms under the various federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB is charged with enforcing consumer protection laws against banks with assets in excess of 
 10 

10 billion, while community banks continue to be subject to the enforcement authority of their primary regulator. This supervisory structure may lead to conflicting regulatory guidance for community banks versus larger banks and increase regulatory costs and burdens. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act prescribes certain standards that mortgage lenders must consider before making a residential mortgage loan, including verifying a borrower s ability to repay such mortgage loan, and allows borrowers to assert violations of certain provisions of the Truth-in-Lending Act as a defense to foreclosure proceedings. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, prepayment penalties are prohibited for certain mortgage transactions and creditors are prohibited from financing credit life/disability insurance policies in connection with a residential mortgage loan or home equity line of credit. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act prohibits mortgage originators from receiving compensation based on the terms of residential mortgage loans and generally limits the ability of a mortgage originator to be compensated by others if compensation is received from a consumer. The Dodd-Frank Act requires mortgage lenders to make additional disclosures prior to the extension of credit, in each billing statement, and for negative amortization loans and hybrid adjustable rate mortgages. Additionally, the CFPB adopted rules and forms that combine certain disclosures that consumers receive in connection with applying for and closing on a residential mortgage loan under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X), also known as the TILA and RESPA Integrated Disclosures, or TRID. TRID established new disclosure timing requirements and applies to most closed-end consumer credit transactions secured by real property. 
 Privacy and Customer Information Security. The GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. In general, we must provide our consumer customers with a disclosure that explains our policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information. We must also provide an updated notice if we change our information-sharing practices. Except as otherwise required or permitted by law, we are prohibited from disclosing nonpublic personal information except as provided in such policies and procedures. The GLBA also requires that we develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information (as defined under the GLBA), to protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information; and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. We are also required to send a notice to customers whose sensitive information has been compromised if unauthorized use of this information is reasonably possible. Most of the states, including the states where we operate, have enacted legislation concerning breaches of data security and our duties in response to a data breach. Congress continues to consider federal legislation that would require consumer notice of data security breaches. Pursuant to the FACT Act, we have developed and implemented a written identity theft prevention program to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of certain accounts or certain existing accounts. 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA ). HMDA makes information available to the public that helps to show whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of their neighborhoods and communities. The Act requires institutions to gather and compile data about loan applications secured by a lien on a residential dwelling for home purchase, home improvement, refinances and certain other borrowing purposes. The information must be compiled each calendar year on a Loan/Application Register, and submitted to the FFIEC by March 1st of the following year and made available to the public no later than March 31st. The Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council prepares a series of tables that comprise the disclosure statement for each reporting institution. HMDA applies to financial institutions that have their main office or any branch in a Metropolitan Statistical Area ("MSA"). Union is subject to HMDA as it has branch offices within the Burlington, Vermont MSA. 
 
 Regulation of Other Activities 
 Transactions with Related Parties. The Company's and Union's authority to extend credit, purchase or sell an asset from or to their directors, executive officers and 10 or more stockholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is governed by the requirements of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the FRB thereunder. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders (i) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and (ii) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based in part, on the amount of the bank's capital. Under applicable guidelines, any related party transaction, including a loan, must be reviewed by the Company's Audit Committee. In addition, under the federal SOX Act (discussed below), the Company, itself, may not extend or arrange for any personal loans to its directors and executive officers. The Company has a Related Persons Transactions Approval Policy administered by the Company's Audit Committee which incorporates applicable regulatory guidelines and requirements. 
 11 

Interstate Banking. The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 authorized an adequately capitalized and managed bank holding company to acquire banks based outside its home state, generally without regard to whether the state's law would permit the acquisition, and also authorized banks to merge across state lines thereby creating interstate branches. In addition, this Act authorized banks to acquire existing interstate branches (short of merger) or to establish new interstate branches. States were given the right, exercisable before June 1, 1997, to prohibit altogether or impose certain limitations on interstate mergers and the acquisition or establishment of interstate branches. The Dodd-Frank Act removed remaining state law impediments to de novo interstate branching. Although interstate banking and branching may have resulted in increased competitive pressures in the markets in which the Company operates, interstate branching may also present competitive opportunities for locally-owned and managed banks, such as Union, that are familiar with the local markets and that emphasize personal service and prompt, local decision-making. The ability to branch interstate has also benefited Union, as it permitted the expansion of its banking operations into New Hampshire, with the conversion of its loan production office in Littleton to a full service branch in March of 2006, the May 2011 acquisition of three New Hampshire branches, the opening of a full service branch in Lincoln in 2014, and the planned opening of a full-service branch in North Conway in 2023. 
 Affiliate Restrictions. Bank holding companies and their affiliates are subject to certain restrictions under the Federal Reserve Act in their dealings with each other, such as in connection with extensions of credit, transfers of assets, and purchase of services among affiliated parties. The Dodd-Frank Act further tightened these restrictions. Generally, loans or extensions of credit, issuances of guarantees or letters of credit, investments or purchases of assets by a subsidiary bank from a bank holding company or its affiliates are limited to 10 of the bank's capital and surplus (as defined by federal regulations) with respect to each affiliate and to 20 in the aggregate for all affiliates, and borrowings are also subject to certain collateral requirements. These transactions, as well as other transactions between a subsidiary bank and its holding company or other affiliates must generally be on arms-length terms, that is, on terms comparable to those involving nonaffiliated companies. Further, under the Federal Reserve Act and FRB regulations, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in-arrangements in connection with extensions of credit or lease or sale of property, furnishing of property or services to third parties. The Company and Union are subject to these restrictions in their intercompany transactions. 
 Bank Secrecy Act . Union is subject to federal laws establishing record keeping, customer identification and reporting requirements pertaining to large or suspicious cash transactions, purchases of other monetary instruments and the international transfer of cash or monetary instruments that may signify money laundering. Provisions designed to help combat international terrorism, were added to the Bank Secrecy Act by the 2001 USA Patriot Act. These provisions require banks to avoid establishing or maintaining correspondent accounts of foreign off-shore banks and banks in jurisdictions that have been found to fall significantly below international anti-money laundering standards. U.S. banks are also prohibited from opening correspondent accounts for off-shore shell banks, defined as banks that have no physical presence and that are not part of a regulated and recognized banking company. The USA Patriot Act requires all financial institutions to adopt an anti-money laundering program and to establish due diligence policies, procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to detect and report instances of money laundering in United States private banking accounts and correspondent accounts maintained for non-U.S. persons or their representatives. Effective May 11, 2018, banks are required to comply with enhanced customer due diligence regulations requiring collection of information on beneficial owners and control persons of legal entity customers. 
 The due diligence requirements issued by the Department of Treasury require minimum standards to verify customer identity and maintain accurate records, encourage information sharing cooperation among financial institutions, federal banking agencies and law enforcement authorities regarding possible money laundering or terrorist activities, prohibit the anonymous use of concentration accounts and require all covered financial institutions to have in place an anti-money laundering compliance program. In addition, the USA Patriot Act amended certain provisions of the federal Right to Financial Privacy Act to facilitate the access of law enforcement to bank customer records in connection with investigating international terrorism. The Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering statutory regime was significantly amended by the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 AMLA ), which became effective on January 1, 2021. Among other provisions, AMLA establishes a new beneficial ownership database, codifies various information-sharing practices among financial institutions, law enforcement and FinCEN that have developed since enactment of the USA Patriot Act, enhances law enforcement subpoena powers with regard to foreign financial institutions that maintain correspondent accounts in the United States, and emphasizes the use of technology and automation in identifying financial crimes. 
 The USA Patriot Act also amended the BHC Act and the Bank Merger Act to require the federal banking agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering program when reviewing applications under these acts for mergers, acquisitions, and certain other expansion activities. 
 SOX Act. This far reaching federal legislation, enacted in 2002, was generally intended to protect investors by strengthening corporate governance and improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures made pursuant to federal securities laws. The SOX Act includes provisions addressing, among other matters, the duties, functions and qualifications of audit committees for all public companies; certification of financial statements by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer; the forfeiture of bonuses or other incentive-based compensation and profits from the sale of an issuer s securities by 
 12 

directors and senior officers in the twelve month period following initial publication of any financial statements that later require restatement; disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions; a prohibition on personal loans to directors and officers, except (in the case of banking companies) loans in the normal course of business; expedited filing requirements for reports of beneficial ownership of company stock by insiders; disclosure of a code of ethics for senior officers, and of any change or waiver of such code; the formation of a public accounting oversight board; auditor independence; disclosure of fees paid to the company's auditors for non-audit services and limitations on the provision of such services; attestation requirements for company management and external auditors, relating to internal controls and procedures; and various increased criminal penalties for violations of federal securities laws. 
 NASDAQ. In response to the SOX Act, the NASDAQ Exchange on which the Company's common stock is listed, implemented comprehensive corporate governance listing standards, including rules strengthening director independence requirements for boards and committees of the board, the director nomination process and shareholder communication avenues. These rules require the Company to annually certify to the NASDAQ, after each annual meeting, that the Company is in compliance and will continue to comply with the NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. 
 Taxing Authorities . The Company and Union are subject to income taxes at the Federal level and are individually subject to state taxation based on the laws of each state in which they operate. The Company and Union file a consolidated federal tax return with a calendar year end. The Company and Union have filed separate tax returns for each state jurisdiction affected for 2021 and will do the same for 2022. No tax return is currently being examined or audited by any taxing authority that the Company is aware of. The taxing authorities also regulate the information reporting requirements that Union is subject to, and which continue to increase and require resources to comply with. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company files annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These reports, proxy statements, and other documents are available to the public on the internet website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 Our Internet website address is www.ublocal.com . Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d), proxy statements filed pursuant to Section 14(a) and reports filed pursuant to Section 16, 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 The Company will also provide copies of this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, free of charge, upon written request to its Treasurer at the Company's main address, PO Box 667, Morrisville, VT 05661-0667. Shareholder meeting materials for our 2023 Annual Meeting, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are available at www.materials.proxyvote.com/905400 no later than the date on which they are mailed to shareholders. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in the Company involves risk, some of which, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, compliance, reputational and strategic risks, could be substantial and is inherent in our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Any of the following risks could affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations and could be material and/or adverse in nature. You should consider all of the following risks together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Credit and Interest Rate Risks 
 Our loans are concentrated in certain areas of Vermont and New Hampshire and adverse conditions in those markets could adversely affect our operations. 
 We are exposed to real estate and economic factors throughout Vermont and New Hampshire. Further, because a substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate in Vermont and New Hampshire, the value of the associated collateral is subject to real estate market conditions in those states and in the northern New England region more generally. Adverse economic, political and business developments or natural hazards may affect these areas and the ability of property owners in these areas to make payments of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages. If these areas experience adverse economic, political or business conditions, or significant natural hazards, we would likely experience higher rates of loss and delinquency on our loan portfolio than if the portfolio were more geographically diverse. 

13 

If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. 
 We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. On a quarterly basis the allowance for loan loss is presented to Union's Board of Directors for discussion, review, and approval. We rely on our loan reviews, our experience, and our evaluation of economic conditions, among other factors, in determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover the losses we could experience, resulting in additions to our allowance and a related charge to our income. In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our commercial, commercial real estate and construction loan portfolio may expose us to increased credit risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 44 of our loan portfolio was comprised of commercial and commercial real estate loans. In general, commercial and commercial real estate loans have historically posed greater credit risks than owner occupied residential mortgage loans. The repayment of commercial real estate loans depends on the business and financial condition of borrowers. Economic events and changes in government regulations, which we and our borrowers cannot control or reliably predict, could have an adverse impact on the cash flows generated by the businesses and properties securing our commercial and commercial real estate loans and on the values of the collateral securing those loans. Repayment of commercial loans depends substantially on the borrowers underlying business, financial condition and cash flows. Commercial loans are generally collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable and other fixed assets. Compared to real estate, that type of collateral is more difficult to monitor, its value is harder to ascertain, it may depreciate more rapidly and it may not be as readily saleable if repossessed. 
 
 Changes in interest rates and interest rate volatility may reduce our profitability. 
 Our consolidated earnings and financial condition are primarily dependent upon net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned from loans and investments and interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income can be affected significantly by changes in market interest rates. In particular, changes in relative interest rates may reduce our net interest income as the difference between interest income and interest expense decreases. As a result, we have adopted asset and liability management policies to minimize the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on net interest income, primarily by altering the mix and maturity of loans, investments and funding sources. However, there can be no assurance that a change in interest rates will not negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. Because market interest rates may change by differing magnitudes and at different times, significant changes in interest rates over an extended period of time could reduce overall net interest income. 
 
 The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate due to factors outside of our control, and impairment of investment securities could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment securities portfolio was approximately 250.3 million. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency actions in respect to the securities, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities and changes in market interest rates and instability in the capital markets. Any of these factors, among others, could cause impairments and realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive income, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 An AFS investment security is considered impaired when it experiences a decline in fair value below its amortized cost basis. At each measurement date, we determine how much of the decline in fair value below amortized cost basis is due to credit-related factors and how much of the decline is due to noncredit-related factors. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an allowance on our balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. Any impairment that is not credit related is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. 
 
 A lack of liquidity could adversely affect our operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of our loans and investment securities, respectively, to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of our investment securities, FHLB advances, and the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of core deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of the bank and into other investments, we would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. 
 14 

Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations and investment securities. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the FHLB and our ability to raise brokered deposits. We also may borrow funds from the FRB's discount window or from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities, or on terms that are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or indirectly, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the bank or non-bank financial services industries. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 762.7 million or, 63.46 of our deposits consisted of interest-bearing demand deposits, savings and money market accounts. Based on past experience, we believe that our deposit accounts are a relatively stable sources of funds. If we increase interest rates paid to retain deposits, our earnings may be adversely affected, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If rapid loan growth were to occur and we are unable to successfully grow transactional deposits organically we will likely be required to rely on higher cost sources of funding, such as certificates of deposit, to fund continued loan growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, pay dividends to our stockholders or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Prepayments of loans may negatively impact our business . 
 Generally, our customers may prepay the principal amount of their outstanding loans at any time. The speed at which such prepayments occur, as well as the size of such prepayments, are within our customers discretion. If customers prepay the principal amount of their loans, and we are unable to lend those funds to other borrowers or invest the funds at the same or higher interest rates, our interest income will be reduced. A significant reduction in interest income could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Environmental liability associated with our lending activities could result in losses. 
 In the course of business, we may acquire, through foreclosure, properties securing loans we have originated or purchased that are in default. Particularly in commercial real estate lending, there is a risk that material environmental violations could be discovered at these properties. In this event, we might be required to remedy these violations at the affected properties at our sole cost and expense. The cost of remedial action could substantially exceed the value of affected properties. We may not have adequate remedies against the prior owners or other responsible parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. These events could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Regulation of the Industry 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations and monetary policy. 
 We are subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB and Union Bank is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC and the DFR. Federal and state laws and regulations govern numerous matters affecting us, including changes in the ownership or control of banks and bank holding companies, maintenance of adequate capital and sound financial condition, branching activities, permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments, permissible nonbanking activities, the level of reserves against deposits and restrictions on dividend payments. The FDIC and the DFR possess the power to issue cease and desist orders against banks subject to their jurisdiction to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound banking practices or violations of law, and the FRB possesses similar powers with respect to bank holding companies. These and other restrictions limit the manner in which we may conduct business and obtain financing. 
 We are subject to deposit insurance assessments by the FDIC to fund the DIF. Recent high profile bank failures and responsive actions taken by the federal government and federal banking regulators are likely to result in higher deposit assessments in future periods, which will reduce our net income. 
 We are also affected by the monetary policies of the FRB. Changes in monetary or legislative policies may affect the interest rates we must offer to attract deposits and the interest rates we must charge on our loans, as well as the manner in which we offer deposits and make loans. These monetary policies also affect the valuation of our investment securities and have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant effects on the operating results of depository institutions generally, including Union Bank. 
 15 

The laws, rules, regulations, and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change. It is impossible to predict the competitive impact that any such changes would have on the banking and financial services industry in general or on our business in particular. Such changes may, among other things, increase the cost of doing business, limit permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance between banks and other financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in light of government intervention in the financial services sector. Other changes to statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, or policies, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties, and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Additional requirements imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act could adversely affect us. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act comprehensively reformed the regulation of financial institutions, products and services. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB as an independent bureau of the FRB. The CFPB has the authority to prescribe rules for all depository institutions governing the provision of consumer financial products and services, which may result in rules and regulations that reduce the profitability of such products and services or impose greater costs and restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act also established new minimum mortgage underwriting standards for residential mortgages, and the regulatory agencies have focused on the examination and supervision of mortgage lending and servicing activities. 
 The CFPB s qualified mortgage rule, or QM Rule, became effective on January 10, 2014. The QM Rule requires mortgage lenders, prior to originating most residential mortgage loans, to make a determination of a borrower s ability to repay the loan and establishes protections from liability under this requirement for so-called qualified mortgages that meet certain heightened criteria. If a mortgage lender does not appropriately establish a borrower s ability to repay the loan, the borrower may be able to assert against the originator of the loan or any subsequent transferee, as a defense to foreclosure by way of recoupment or setoff, a violation of the ability-to-repay requirement. Loans that meet the definition of qualified mortgage will be presumed to have complied with the ability-to-repay standard. Although amendments to the QM Rule adopted by the CFPB in March 2021 will make it less challenging for a loan to meet the definition, the QM Rule and related ability-to-repay requirements and similar rules could nevertheless still limit Union's ability to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive and time-consuming to make these loans, which could limit the Bank s growth or profitability. 
 Current and future legal and regulatory requirements, restrictions, and regulations, including those imposed under the Dodd-Frank Act, may adversely impact our profitability and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations; may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes required by the legislation and related regulations; and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and employees. 
 
 We may become subject to more stringent capital requirements. 
 The federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule, or the Final Capital Rule, that implemented the Basel III capital standards and established the minimum capital levels required under the Dodd-Frank Act which became effective as of January 1, 2015. The Final Capital Rule established a minimum common equity Tier I capital ratio of 6.5 of risk-weighted assets for a well capitalized institution and increased the minimum Tier I capital ratio for a well capitalized institution from 6.0 to 8.0 . Additionally, subject to a transition period, the Final Capital Rule requires an institution to maintain a 2.5 common equity Tier I capital conservation buffer over the 6.5 minimum risk-based capital requirement for adequately capitalized institutions, or face restrictions on the ability to pay dividends or discretionary bonuses, and engage in share repurchases. The Final Capital Rule increased the required capital for certain categories of assets, including high-volatility construction real estate loans and certain exposures related to securitizations; however, the Final Capital Rule retained the current capital treatment of residential mortgages. Under the Final Capital Rule, we made a one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from capital. If we had not made this election, unrealized gains and losses would be included in the calculation of our regulatory capital. An increase in the amount of capital that the Company or Union must maintain in order to support a given level of assets would reduce the amount of leverage that our capital could support and increased volatility could be problematic. Our ability to increase our level of interest earning assets or to allocate those assets in the best manner to generate interest income may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance 
 16 

was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries and designated nationals of those countries and certain other persons or entities whose interest in property is blocked by OFAC-administered sanctions. OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities. 
 
 We face significant legal risks, both from regulatory investigations and proceedings and from private actions brought against us. 
 From time to time we are named as a defendant or are otherwise involved in various legal proceedings. There is no assurance that litigation with private parties will not increase in the future. Future actions against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause serious reputational harm to us. As a participant in the financial services industry, we are exposed to a high level of litigation related to our businesses and operations. Although we maintain insurance, the scope of this coverage may not provide us with full, or even partial, coverage in any particular case. As a result, a judgment against us in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our businesses and operations are also subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which could lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. These and other initiatives from federal and state officials could result in judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause us to be required to restructure our operations and activities, all of which could lead to reputational damage, or higher operational costs, thereby reducing our revenue. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the FASB changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to anticipate and implement and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. For example, effective for the Company in 2023, the FASB s current financial instruments project will significantly change the way the Company's loan loss provision is determined, from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model. 
 
 Our financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if wrong, could cause unexpected losses in the future. 
 Pursuant to GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. If the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 
 
 Risks Relating to the Company's Stock 
 If we do not maintain net income growth, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Our return on stockholders equity and other measures of profitability, which affect the market price of our common stock, depend in part on our continued growth and expansion. Our growth strategy has two principal components: internal growth and external growth. Our ability to generate internal growth is affected by the competitive factors described below as well as by the primarily rural characteristics and related demographic features of the markets we serve. Our ability to continue to identify and invest in suitable acquisition candidates on acceptable terms is an important component of our external growth strategy. In pursuing acquisition opportunities, we may be in competition with other companies having similar growth strategies. As a result, we may not be able to identify or acquire promising acquisition candidates on acceptable terms. Competition for these acquisitions could result in increased acquisition prices and a diminished pool of acquisition opportunities. An inability to find suitable acquisition candidates at reasonable prices could slow our growth rate and have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We are a holding company and depend on Union Bank for dividends, distributions and other payments. 
 We are a legal entity that is separate and distinct from Union Bank. Our revenue (on a parent company only basis) is derived primarily from interest and dividends paid to us by Union Bank. Our right, and consequently the right of our shareholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary through the payment of such dividends or otherwise is necessarily subject to the prior claims of creditors (including depositors, in the case of Union Bank), except to the extent that certain claims of Union in a creditor capacity may be recognized. 
 
 17 

Our stockholders may not receive dividends on our common stock. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Although we have historically declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. The FRB has the authority to prohibit a bank holding company, such as us, from paying dividends if it deems such payment to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The FDIC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit Union from paying dividends to us if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. Further, our ability to pay dividends would be restricted if we do not maintain a required capital conservation buffer under applicable regulatory capital rules. A reduction or elimination of dividends could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future and such capital may not be available when needed or on acceptable terms. 
 As a bank holding company, we are required by regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. We cannot assure you that such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Our inability to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could subject us to certain activity restrictions or to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the regulatory authorities, including limitations on our ability to pay dividends or pursue acquisitions, the issuance by regulatory authorities of a capital directive to increase capital and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. 
 
 Market volatility may impact our business and the value of our common stock. 
 Our business performance and the trading price of shares of our common stock may be affected by many factors affecting financial institutions, including volatility in the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to mortgages or housing, and the value of debt and mortgage-backed and other securities that we hold in our investment portfolio. Government action and legislation may also impact us and the value of our common stock. We cannot predict what impact, if any, market volatility will have on our business or share price and for these and other reasons our shares of common stock may trade at a price lower than that at which they were purchased. 
 
 Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation may have an anti-takeover effect. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and regulations and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If we fail to correct any material weakness that we subsequently identify in our internal control over financial reporting or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely, in which case our business may be harmed, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the price of our common stock may decline. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. We are required to comply with the FDICIA and other rules that govern financial institutions with total assets of 1 billion or more. In particular, we are required to provide management's report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, if we cannot comply with the requirements of FDICIA in a timely manner or attest that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting when required, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely. As a result, investors, counterparties and customers may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports; our liquidity, access to capital markets and perceptions of our creditworthiness could be adversely affected; and the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. These events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 18 

Environmental, social and governance oversight may influence the Company's stock price and increase compliance costs. 
 Some investors have begun to consider how corporations, such as the Company, are addressing environmental, social, and governance matters, commonly referred to as "ESG" matters, when making investment decisions. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions, and human rights. Specific examples of matters being evaluated as part of the investment decision or recommendation by certain investors include the business risks of climate change and the adequacy of companies' responses to climate change, diversity of a company's management and/or board of directors, community involvement and charitable giving, and the inclusion of ESG factors in the determination of the executive compensation. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of the Company's common stock if investors determine, whether real or perceived, that the Company's ESG actions are not satisfactory. In addition, new government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 A failure in or breach of our operational systems, information systems, or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers, may result in financial losses, loss of customers, or damage to our reputation. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide key components of our infrastructure, including internet connections, and network access. These types of information and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of certain of our customers. These third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing firms, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Although we have safeguards and business continuity plans in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and our customers, resulting in financial losses, loss of customers, or damage to our reputation. 
 
 An interruption or breach in security of our information systems or those related to merchants and third party vendors, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, or result in financial losses. 
 Our technologies, systems, networks and software, and those of other financial institutions have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of cybersecurity threats and attacks, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. These cybersecurity threats and attacks may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. These types of threats may result from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or from accidental technological failure. Further, to access our products and services our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 
 Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including payment card numbers and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services. We also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. As customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations and requirements regarding operational and information security have increased, our operations systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. 
 Our customers and employees have been, and will continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, payment card numbers, bank account information or other personal information or to introduce viruses to our customers computers. These communications may appear to be legitimate messages sent by the Bank or other businesses, but direct recipients to fake websites operated by the sender of the e-mail or request that the recipient send a password or other confidential information via e-mail or download a program. Despite our efforts to mitigate these threats through product improvements, use of encryption and authentication technology to secure online transmission of confidential consumer information, and customer and employee education, such attempted frauds against us or 
 19 

our merchants and our third party service providers remain a serious issue. The pervasiveness of cyber security incidents in general and the risks of cyber-crime are complex and will continue to evolve. 
 Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant disruption could: 1) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; 2) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including account numbers and other financial information; 3) result in a violation of applicable privacy, data breach and other laws, subjecting the Bank to additional regulatory scrutiny and exposing the Bank to civil litigation, governmental fines and possible financial liability; 4) require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; or 5) harm our reputation or cause a decrease in the number of customers that choose to do business with us or reduce the level of business that our customers do with us. The occurrence of any such failures, disruptions or security breaches could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows as well as damage our brand and reputation. 
 Although we maintain an insurance policy covering certain cybersecurity risks which we believe provides appropriate coverage for a financial institution of our size and business and technology profile, we cannot provide any assurance that such policy would be sufficient to cover all financial losses or damages we might suffer in the event that we or one of our third party vendors experiences a system failure or suffers a system intrusion or other cyberattack. 
 
 We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure. 
 Third party vendors provide key components of our business infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and core application processing. While we have selected these third party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing us their services for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers or otherwise conduct our business efficiently and effectively. Replacing these third party vendors could also entail significant business disruption, delay and expense. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 Competition in the local banking industry may impair our ability to attract and retain customers at current levels. 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate may limit our ability to attract and retain customers. In particular, we compete for loans, deposits and other financial products and services with local independent banks, thrift institutions, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, trust companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally as well as nationally. Additionally, banks and other financial institutions with larger capitalization, as well as financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions, have larger lending limits and are able to serve the credit and investment needs of larger customers. There is also increased competition by out-of-market competitors through the Internet. If we are unable to attract and retain customers, we may be unable to continue our loan growth and our results of operations and financial condition may otherwise be negatively impacted. 
 
 We may incur significant losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. While we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application may not be effective and may not anticipate every economic and financial outcome in all market environments or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. 
 
 We must adapt to information technology changes in the financial services industry, which could present operational issues, require significant capital spending, or impact our reputation. 
 The financial services industry is constantly undergoing technological changes, with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. We invest significant resources in information technology system enhancements in order to provide functionality and security at an appropriate level. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for 
 20 

convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully implement and integrate future system enhancements could adversely impact the ability to provide timely and accurate financial information in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, which could result in sanctions from regulatory authorities. Such sanctions could include fines and suspension of trading in our stock, among others. In addition, future system enhancements could have higher than expected costs and/or result in operating inefficiencies, which could increase the costs associated with the implementation as well as ongoing operations. 
 Failure to properly utilize system enhancements that are implemented in the future could result in impairment charges that adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and could result in significant costs to remediate or replace the defective components. In addition, we may incur significant training, licensing, maintenance, consulting and amortization expenses during and after systems implementations, and any such costs may continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 Economic Risks 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and throughout 2022. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economies of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been adversely affected, and may continue to be adversely affected, by general market and economic conditions. 
 We have been, and continue to be, impacted by general business and economic conditions in the United States and, to a lesser extent, abroad. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, money supply, political issues, legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad trends in industry and finance, unemployment and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which we operate, all of which are beyond our control. Deterioration or continued weakness in any of these conditions could result in increases in loan delinquencies and nonperforming assets, decreases in loan collateral values, the value of our investment portfolio and demand for our products and services. 
 
 General Risks 
 We may be unable to attract and retain key personnel. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the financial services industry can be intense and we may not be able to hire or retain the key personnel that we depend upon for success. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of the loss of their skills, knowledge of the markets in which we operate and years of industry experience, and because of the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 We are subject to reputational risk. 
 We are dependent on our reputation within our market area, as a trusted and responsible financial service provider, for all aspects of our relationships with customers, employees, vendors, third-party service providers, and others, with whom we conduct business or potential future business. Our actual or perceived failure to (a) identify and address potential conflicts of interest, ethical issues, money-laundering, or privacy issues; (b) meet legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank and to the Company; (c) maintain the privacy of customer and accompanying personal information; or (d) maintain adequate record keeping; and (e) identify the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products, could give rise to reputational risk that could harm our business prospects and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to address any of these issues in an appropriate manner, we could be subject to additional legal risks, which, in turn, could increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur related costs and expenses. Our ability to attract and retain customers and employees could be adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged. 
 We may be required to write down goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. 
 When we acquire a business, a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition may be allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired determines the amount of the purchase price that is allocated to goodwill acquired. At December 31, 2022, there was no remaining unamortized identifiable intangible asset and our goodwill was approximately 2.2 million. Under current accounting standards, if we determine that goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to write down the value of these assets to fair value. We conduct an annual review, or more frequently if events or circumstances warrant such, to 
 21 

determine whether goodwill is impaired. We recently completed our goodwill impairment analysis as of December 31, 2022 and concluded goodwill was not impaired. We conduct a review of our other intangible assets for impairment should events or circumstances warrant. We cannot provide assurance that we will not be required to take an impairment charge in the future. Any impairment charge would have a negative effect on our shareholders equity and financial results and may cause a decline in our stock price. 
 The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosure in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are described in Item 7 of this report captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , constitute those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider critical because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, those events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, Union operated 14 community banking locations in Lamoille, Caledonia, Chittenden, Franklin and Washington counties of Vermont and five in Grafton and Coos counties of New Hampshire. Union has also leased space to establish a full service branch location in North Conway, in Carroll County New Hampshire. Union also operates three loan centers in St. Johnsbury and Williston, Vermont and North Conway, New Hampshire. In addition as of such date, Union also operated several ATMs in northern Vermont and New Hampshire. Union owns, free of encumbrances, 16 of its branch locations and its headquarters and leases two branch locations, the NH loan center location, the land the Williston branch and loan center was built on and certain ATM premises from third parties under terms and conditions considered by management to be favorable to Union. Union also owns or leases certain properties contiguous to its branch locations for staff and customer parking convenience. 
 Additional information relating to the Company's properties as of December 31, 2022, is set forth in Notes 8 and 9 to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 There are no known pending legal proceedings to which the Company or its subsidiary is a party, or to which any of their properties is subject, other than ordinary litigation arising in the normal course of business activities. Although the amount of any ultimate liability with respect to such proceedings cannot be determined, in the opinion of management, any such liability would not have a material effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiary. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Trading Market for Common Stock 
 The common stock of the Company is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol "UNB." 
 
 On February 28, 2022, there were 4,509,425 shares of common stock outstanding held by 508 stockholders of record. The number of stockholders does not reflect the number of beneficial owners, including persons or entities who may hold the stock in nominee or street name. 
 
 Repurchase of Common Stock 
 There was no repurchase of the Company's equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 22 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding equity securities authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans is included in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters , and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Five Year Performance Graph: The following graph illustrates the annual percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return of the Company's common stock for the period December 31, 2016 through December 31, 2022. For purposes of comparison, the graph illustrates comparable shareholder returns of the S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index and the NASDAQ Composite Index. The graph assumes a 100 investment on December 31, 2016 in each case and measures the amount by which the market value, assuming reinvestment of dividends, has changed during the five year period ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Period Ended Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Union Bankshares, Inc. 100.00 92.33 72.46 54.20 65.61 55.48 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 S P U.S. SmallCap Banks Index 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.36 116.69 
 The performance graph and related information furnished under Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC, nor subject to Exchange Act Regulations 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item 201 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 23 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 GENERAL 
 The following discussion and analysis focuses on those factors that, in management's view, had a material effect on the consolidated financial position of Union Bankshares, Inc. ("the Company," "our," "we," "us") and its subsidiary, Union Bank ("Union"), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its consolidated results of operations for the years then ended. The Company is considered a "smaller reporting company" under the disclosure rules of the SEC. Accordingly, the Company has elected to provide its audited statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in stockholders' equity for a two year, rather than a three year, period and intends to provide smaller reporting company scaled disclosures where management deems appropriate. 
 
 This discussion is being presented to provide a narrative explanation of the consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and with other financial data contained in Item 8, Part II of this Annual Report. The purpose of this presentation is to enhance overall financial disclosures and to provide information about historical financial performance and developing trends as a means to assess to what extent past performance can be used to evaluate the prospects for future performance. Management is not aware of the occurrence of any events after December 31, 2022 which would materially affect the information presented. 
 
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 Capitalized terms used in the following discussion and not otherwise defined below have the meanings assigned to them in Note 1 to the Company's audited consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, item 8, page 52 of this Annual Report. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Under SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company's reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure. 
 The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. However, two non-GAAP financial measures commonly used by financial institutions, namely tax-equivalent net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest margin (as presented in the tables in the section labeled Yields Earned and Rates Paid), have not been specifically exempted by the SEC, and may therefore constitute non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G. We are unable to state with certainty whether the SEC would regard those measures as subject to Regulation G. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company s financial performance and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. However, that information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company has established various accounting policies which govern the application of GAAP i n the preparation of the Company's financial statements. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the reported amount of assets, liabilities, capital, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates on matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, management has identified the accounting policies and judgments most critical to the Company. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Nevertheless, because the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management is inherently subject to a degree of uncertainty, actual results could differ from estimates and have a material impact on the carrying value of assets, liabilities, capital, or the results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 The Company believes the ALL is a critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. The amount of the ALL is based on management's periodic evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the nature, volume and risk characteristics of the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, estimated value of any underlying collateral, specific impaired loans and economic conditions. Changes in these qualitative factors may cause management's estimate of the ALL to increase or decrease 
 24 

and result in adjustments to the Company's provision for loan losses in future periods. For additional information, see FINANCIAL CONDITION- Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality below. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company will adopt ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The guidance in the ASU, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model ("CECL"), requires that expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date that are accounted for at amortized cost be measured and recognized based on historical experience and current and reasonably supportable forecasted conditions to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. CECL also applies to certain off-balance sheet credit exposures, such as loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees and other similar investments. The initial adjustment upon the transition to CECL will not be reported in net income, but as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company conducted a parallel calculation under CECL as of December 31, 2022 and has substantially completed the development of its CECL process and is in process of finalizing its calculation, internal CECL policy and internal control framework. Based on the December 31, 2022 parallel calculation, the Company anticipates that the adoption of CECL will result in an immaterial impact to its consolidated financial statements and the Company's and Union's regulatory capital ratios as of January 1, 2023. The Company and Union are expected to continue to exceed regulatory guidelines, and Union's capital ratios will meet the requirements for it to be considered "well capitalized" under prompt corrective action provisions as of the transition date. The Company expects that CECL may create more volatility in the level of the ALL from quarter to quarter as the ALL will be dependent upon macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, loan portfolio volumes and credit quality, among other things. For additional information on CECL, refer to Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 Other than temporary impairment of securities 
 The OTTI decision is a critical accounting policy for the Company. Accounting guidance requires a company to perform periodic reviews of individual debt securities in its investment portfolio to determine whether a decline in the value of a security is OTT. A review of OTTI requires management to make certain judgments regarding the cause and materiality of the decline, its effect on the financial statements and the probability, extent and timing of a valuation recovery, the Company's intent and ability to continue to hold the security, and, with respect to debt securities, the likelihood that the Company will have to sell the security before its value recovers. Pursuant to these requirements, management assesses valuation declines to determine the extent to which such changes are attributable to (1) fundamental factors specific to the issuer, such as the nature of the issuer and its financial condition, business prospects or other issuer-specific factors or (2) market-related factors, such as interest rates or equity market declines. Declines in the fair value of debt securities below their costs that are deemed by management to be OTT are recorded in earnings as realized losses to the extent they are deemed credit losses, with noncredit losses recorded in OCI (loss). Once an OTT loss on a debt security is realized, subsequent gains in the value of the security may not be recognized in income until the security is sold. 
 Mortgage servicing rights 
 MSRs associated with loans originated and sold, where servicing is retained, are required to be capitalized and initially recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and are subsequently accounted for using the amortization method . Mortgage servicing rights are amortized against non-interest income in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated future net servicing income of the underlying financial assets. The value of capitalized servicing rights represents the estimated present value of the future servicing fees arising from the right to service loans for third parties. The carrying value of the mortgage servicing rights is periodically reviewed for impairment based on a determination of estimated fair value compared to amortized cost, and impairment, if any, is recognized through a valuation allowance and is recorded as a reduction of non-interest income. Subsequent improvement (if any) in the estimated fair value of impaired mortgage servicing rights is reflected in a positive valuation adjustment and is recognized in non-interest income up to (but not in excess of) the amount of the prior impairment. Critical accounting policies for mortgage servicing rights relate to the initial valuation and subsequent impairment tests. The methodology used to determine the valuation of mortgage servicing rights requires the development and use of a number of estimates, including anticipated principal amortization and prepayments. Factors that may significantly affect the estimates used are changes in interest rates and the payment performance of the underlying loans. The Company analyzes and accounts for the value of its servicing rights with the assistance of a third party consultant. 
 Intangible assets 
 The Company's intangible assets include goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in the 2011 Branch Acquisition. In accordance with current authoritative guidance, the Company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company is less than its carrying amount, which could result in goodwill impairment. The Company also recorded acquired identifiable intangible assets in connection with the 2011 Branch Acquisition, representing the core deposit intangible which was subject to straight-line amortization over the estimated 10 years average life of the acquired core deposit base. The core deposit intangible was fully amortized in 2021. 
 
 25 

Other 
 The Company also has other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, that are significant to understanding the Company's financial condition and results of operations, including investment securities. The most significant accounting policies followed by the Company are presented in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements and in the section below under the caption FINANCIAL CONDITION and the subcaptions Allowance for Loan Losses and Credit Quality and Investment Activities. Although management believes that its estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information available when such estimates, assumptions and judgments are made and can be impacted by future events and events outside the control of the Company. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. 

OVERVIEW 
 Concerns over interest rate levels, energy prices, domestic and global policy issues, and geopolitical events, as well as the implications of those events on the markets in general, add to the global uncertainty. There is also a risk that interest rate increases to fight inflation could lead to a recession. The FRB increased short-term interest rates in 2022 by a total of 425 bps to fight inflation. Interest rate levels and energy prices, in combination with global economic conditions, fiscal and monetary policy and the level of regulatory and government scrutiny of financial institutions will continue to impact our results in the coming years. 
 The Company's consolidated net income was 12.6 million, with basic earnings per share of 2.81, for 2022 compared to 13.2 million, and basic earnings per share of 2.94 for 2021. The decrease in net income reflects the combined effect of a decrease in noninterest income of 4.0 million, or 30.7 , and an increase in noninterest expenses of 309 thousand, or 0.9 , partially offset by an increase in net interest income of 3.7 million or 10.4 , and a decrease in the provision for income taxes of 14 thousand, or 0.5 . 
 Sales of qualifying residential loans to the secondary market for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 78.0 million resulting in gain on sales of 1.0 million, compared to sales of 216.8 million and gain on sales of 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of 1.3 billion, an increase of 10.9 compared to December 31, 2021. Total investments decreased 17.4 million, or 6.5 , to 251.5 million, or 18.8 of total assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 269.0 million, or 22.3 of total assets, as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to the increase in unrealized losses on the portfolio from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Net loans and loans held for sale increased 159.1 million or 20.1 , to 952.3 million, or 71.3 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared to 793.2 million, or 65.8 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. The level of federal funds sold decreased 27.9 million, or 45.5 , to 33.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 61.3 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Customer deposits increased 106.8 million, or 9.8 , to reach 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and included 33.0 million of retail brokered deposits. Borrowed funds were 50.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's total capital decreased from 84.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 55.2 million at December 31, 2022. This decrease primarily reflects an increase of 35.9 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss and regular cash dividends paid of 6.3 million, partially offset by net income of 12.6 million for 2022. (See Capital Resources on pages 43 to 44.) These changes also resulted in a decrease in the Company's book value per share to 12.25 at December 31, 2022 from 18.77 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Return on average assets is a financial metric often utilized as an indicator of a financial institution's performance. The Company's return on average assets decreased 16 bps for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in average assets of 128.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 26 

The following per share information and key ratios presented in the table below depict several measurements of performance or financial condition at or for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Return on average assets 1.00 1.16 Return on average equity 19.65 15.92 Net interest margin (1) 3.28 3.38 Efficiency ratio (2) 67.84 73.13 Net interest spread (3) 3.13 3.27 Loan to deposit ratio 79.82 73.13 Net recoveries to total average loans 
 (0.01) Allowance for loan losses to loans not held for sale 0.87 1.06 Nonperforming assets to total assets (4) 0.18 0.39 Equity to assets 4.13 7.00 Total capital to risk weighted assets 13.98 15.39 Book value per share 12.25 18.77 Basic earnings per share 2.81 2.94 Diluted earnings per share 2.79 2.92 Dividends paid per share 1.40 1.32 Dividend payout ratio (5) 49.82 44.90 
 __________________ 
 (1) The ratio of tax equivalent net interest income to average earning assets. See page 29 for more information. 
 (2) The ratio of noninterest expenses to tax equivalent net interest income and noninterest income, excluding securities gains (losses). 
 (3) The difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. See page 29 for more information. 
 (4) Nonperforming assets are loans or investment securities that are in nonaccrual or 90 or more days past due as well as OREO or OAO. 
 (5) Cash dividends declared and paid per share divided by consolidated net income per share. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income was 12.6 million compared to 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary components of these results, which include net interest income, noninterest income, noninterest expenses, and provision for income taxes, are discussed below: 
 Net Interest Income . The largest component of the Company s operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income received from interest earning assets and the interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by various factors, including but not limited to: changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies, the volume and mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, and the level of nonperforming assets. The net interest margin is calculated as net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as a percentage of average interest earning assets. 
 Net interest income was 39.4 million on a fully tax equivalent basis for 2022, compared to 35.7 million for 2021, an increase of 3.7 million, or 10.4 . The net interest spread decreased 14 bps to 3.13 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 3.27 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting the combined effect of the 6 bps decrease in the average yield earned on interest earning assets and the 8 bps increase in the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities between periods. The net interest margin decreased 10 bps to 3.28 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.38 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The average yield on average earning assets was 3.65 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.71 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 6 bps while average earning assets increased 145.8 million. Interest income on investment securities increased 2.4 million year over year due to an increase in average balances of 127.1 million and an increase of 8 bps in average yield between the comparison periods. The average balance of PPP loans was 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 with an average yield of 14.61 which takes into account the 1.0 interest charged on PPP 
 27 

loans and related fee income recognized during 2022. Fee income recognized on PPP loans was 551 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average loans, excluding PPP loans, increased 112.5 million, or 14.82 , to 871.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 759.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the average loans resulted in a 4.8 million increase in interest income on loans between periods, despite a decrease of 1 bp in the average yield. The decrease in the average yield is attributable to management's decision to reduce the volume of residential loan sales to the secondary market to hold more of such loans in portfolio. While these loans have contributed to the increase in average loans and interest income, the yield on these loans is lower than on other loan types. Management expects loan yields to improve in future periods as new loans are being recorded at higher rates. Although loan yields are expected to increase as a result of higher rates, competition and other economic factors may impact the Company's ability to increase average loan balances. 
 The average cost of funding, which is tied primarily to our customer deposits, increased 8 bps to 0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.44 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense increased 959 thousand to 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the issuance of subordinated debt during the third quarter of 2021 and the utilization of wholesale funding during the fourth quarter of 2022 when the Company experienced a decrease in the excess liquidity levels that had been consistent in 2021. The average balance of subordinated notes was 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, with an average rate of 3.51 and interest expense of 569 thousand compared to an average balance of 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, with an average rate of 3.19 and interest expense of 199 thousand. Higher rates paid on customer deposit accounts and increases in average interest bearing deposit balances of 57.0 million resulted in an increase in interest expense of 375 thousand between the comparison periods. The increase in average customer deposit balances is due to overall growth of the Company and the utilization of 33.0 million in brokered deposits included in time deposits as of December 31, 2022. In addition to brokered deposits, the Company utilized wholesale funding in the form of borrowed funds from the FHLB with an average balance of 11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, at an average rate of 3.86 and interest expense of 433 thousand compared to an average balance of 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, at an average rate of 3.05 and interest expense of 219 thousand.See the following tables for details. 
 
 28 

The following table shows for the periods indicated the total amount of tax equivalent interest income from average interest earning assets, the related average tax equivalent yields, the tax equivalent interest expense associated with average interest bearing liabilities, the related tax equivalent average rates paid, and the resulting tax equivalent net interest spread and margin: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Average Assets: Federal funds sold and overnight deposits 32,707 245 0.74 81,660 100 0.12 Interest bearing deposits in banks 14,105 187 1.33 13,299 139 1.05 Investment securities (2), (3) 292,555 5,130 1.82 165,424 2,755 1.74 PPP loans, net (4) 4,053 592 14.61 49,929 3,330 6.67 Loans (excluding PPP loans), net (2), (5) 871,475 37,766 4.37 758,965 32,931 4.38 Nonmarketable equity securities 1,324 28 2.11 1,158 18 1.54 Total interest earning assets (2) 1,216,219 43,948 3.65 1,070,435 39,273 3.71 Cash and due from banks 4,573 4,858 Premises and equipment 21,073 21,302 Other assets 20,352 37,332 Total assets 1,262,217 1,133,927 Average Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Interest bearing checking accounts 292,850 919 0.31 255,031 586 0.23 Savings/money market accounts 434,492 1,588 0.37 416,245 1,644 0.39 Time deposits 119,081 1,015 0.85 118,145 917 0.78 Borrowed funds and other liabilities 11,050 433 3.86 7,080 219 3.05 Subordinated notes 16,188 569 3.51 6,244 199 3.19 Total interest bearing liabilities 873,661 4,524 0.52 802,745 3,565 0.44 Noninterest bearing deposits 311,444 238,572 Other liabilities 12,930 9,891 Total liabilities 1,198,035 1,051,208 Stockholders' equity 64,182 82,719 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 1,262,217 1,133,927 Net interest income 39,424 35,708 Net interest spread (2) 3.13 3.27 Net interest margin (2) 3.28 3.38 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Average balances are calculated based on a daily averaging method. 
 (2) Average yields reported on a tax equivalent basis using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21 . 
 (3) Average balances of investment securities are calculated on the amortized cost basis and include nonaccrual securities, if applicable. 
 (4) Includes unamortized costs and unamortized premiums. 
 (5) Includes loans held for sale as well as nonaccrual loans, unamortized costs and unamortized premiums and is net of the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 29 

Tax exempt interest income amounted to 2.3 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents the effect of tax exempt income on the calculation of net interest income, using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income as presented 39,424 35,708 Effect of tax-exempt interest Investment securities 201 125 Loans 301 299 Net interest income, tax equivalent 39,926 36,132 
 
 Rate/Volume Analysis. The following table describes the extent to which changes in average interest rates (on a fully tax equivalent basis) and changes in volume of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have affected the Company's interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated. For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: 
 changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate); 
 changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume); and 
 total change in rate and volume. 
 
 Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Change In Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Change In Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest earning assets: (Dollars in thousands) Federal funds sold and overnight deposits (93) 238 145 51 (43) 8 Interest bearing deposits in banks 8 40 48 60 (83) (23) Investment securities 2,287 88 2,375 1,491 (700) 791 PPP loans, net (4,647) 1,909 (2,738) 92 1,803 1,895 Loans (excluding PPP loans). net 4,912 (77) 4,835 2,418 (2,487) (69) Nonmarketable equity securities 3 7 10 (26) (53) (79) Total interest earning assets 2,470 2,205 4,675 4,086 (1,563) 2,523 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing checking accounts 96 237 333 172 (291) (119) Savings/money market accounts 70 (126) (56) 482 (1,029) (547) Time deposits 7 91 98 (303) (660) (963) Borrowed funds 145 69 214 (365) 213 (152) Subordinated notes 348 22 370 199 199 Total interest bearing liabilities 666 293 959 185 (1,767) (1,582) Net change in net interest income 1,804 1,912 3,716 3,901 204 4,105 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses. There was no provision for loan losses recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. No provision was deemed necessary by management based on the size and mix of the loan portfolio, the level of nonperforming loans, the results of the qualitative factor review and prevailing economic conditions. For further details, see FINANCIAL CONDITION Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses below. 
 
 30 

Noninterest Income. The following table sets forth the components of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance Variance (Dollars in thousands) Trust income 838 808 30 3.7 Service fees 6,859 6,516 343 5.3 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale 1,004 4,956 (3,952) (79.7) Net gains on sales of investment securities AFS 31 31 Net loss on other investments (60) (21) (39) 185.7 (Expense) income from MSRs, net (465) 243 (708) (291.4) Income from Company-owned life insurance 509 309 200 64.7 Other income 271 152 119 78.3 Total noninterest income 8,987 12,963 (3,976) (30.7) 
 The significant changes in noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 are described below: 
 Trust income. Trust income increased as dollars in managed fiduciary accounts grew between December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Service fees. Service fee income increased 343 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases of 247 thousand in overdraft fee income, 46 thousand in ATM network income, and 43 thousand in loan servicing fee income. 
 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale. Management reduced the volume of loans sold in 2022 compared to 2021 due to the increase in the 10-year treasury rate in 2022 and the related impact on the pricing of loans held for sale. Residential loans totaling 78.0 million were sold to the secondary market during 2022, compared to residential loan sales of 216.8 million during 2021. The decrease of 4.0 million in net gains on sales of loans held for sale is reflective of the lower sales volumes and lower premiums obtained on those sales. 
 Net loss on other investments. Participants in the 2020 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Excess Plan (the "2020 Deferred Compensation Plan") elect to defer receipt of current compensation from the Company or its subsidiary and select designated reference investments consisting of investment funds. The performance of those funds, over which the Company has no control, resulted in net losses of 60 thousand and 21 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (Expense) income from MSRs, net. Income from MSRs is derived from servicing rights acquired through the sale of loans where servicing is retained. Capitalized servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value and amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, the future estimate of servicing the underlying mortgages. The amortization of MSRs exceeded new capitalized MSRs which resulted in an expense of 465 thousand for 2022 compared to income of 243 thousand in 2021. The reduction in capitalized MSRs is consistent with the reduced volume of loan sales to the secondary market during 2022. 
 Income from Company-owned life insurance. The Company purchased 5.8 million of Company-owned life insurance covering select officers of Union during the fourth quarter of 2021. In addition, 77 thousand was received in proceeds from a death benefit, resulting in increased income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Other income. The increase in Other income is primarily attributable to an increase of 55 thousand in prepayment penalties received from the early payoff of loans during 2022 compared to 2021, in addition to 53 thousand of income received as a litigation settlement related to previous investment holdings in the Company's defined benefit pension plan that was terminated in 2018. 

31 

Noninterest Expenses. The following table sets forth the components of noninterest expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance Variance (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and wages 14,083 14,448 (365) (2.5) Employee benefits 5,030 4,593 437 9.5 Occupancy expense, net 1,913 1,890 23 1.2 Equipment expense 3,692 3,447 245 7.1 Vermont franchise tax 1,087 968 119 12.3 Professional fees 877 922 (45) (4.9) ATM network and debit card expense 980 898 82 9.1 FDIC insurance assessment 622 644 (22) (3.4) Advertising and public relations 617 530 87 16.4 Other loan related expenses 390 421 (31) (7.4) Electronic banking expenses 415 381 34 8.9 Trust expenses 387 353 34 9.6 Supplies and printing 334 368 (34) (9.2) Prepayment penalties on borrowings 226 (226) (100.0) Legal fees 68 104 (36) (34.6) Amortization of core deposit intangible 71 (71) (100.0) Travel and entertainment 190 103 87 84.5 Other expenses 2,479 2,488 (9) (0.4) Total noninterest expenses 33,164 32,855 309 0.9 
 The significant changes in noninterest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 are described below: 
 Salaries and wages. The 365 thousand decrease in salaries and wages was primarily due to employee turnover and the increased number of open positions that resulted during 2022, a reduction in commissions earned by mortgage loan originators and the deferral of loan origination costs, partially offset by annual salary adjustments. 
 Employee benefits. Employee benefit expense increased 437 thousand primarily due to increases of 413 thousand in the Company's medical and dental plans and 12 thousand in payroll tax expense for 2022. 
 Equipment expense. Equipment expense increased by 245 thousand primarily due to increases in software license and maintenance costs for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Vermont franchise tax. The Vermont franchise tax is determined based on a quarterly tax rate applied to the Company's average balance of Vermont customer deposit balances. The tax rate remained unchanged throughout 2022 and 2021; however, the average balances in Vermont deposit account balances increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in an increase in expense. 
 Professional fees. During the first half of 2021, additional consultants were engaged to assist with employment searches and other advisory services that were not utilized in 2022, resulting in an overall decrease of 45 thousand in expense. 
 ATM network and debit card expense. The 82 thousand increase between periods relates to increases in the volume of ATM and debit card transactions and new card issuance costs. 
 Advertising and public relations. The increase of 87 thousand in advertising and public relations expense primarily relates to advertising campaigns and product specific advertising in 2022 that did not occur in 2021. 
 Other loan related expenses. Other loan related expenses consist of other costs incurred for originating and servicing loans such as insurance and property tax tracking expenses, credit report fees and other real estate closing costs. These expenses decreased 31 thousand in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to lower volume of residential mortgage loan originations between periods. 
 32 

Electronic banking expenses. Electronic banking expenses increased 34 thousand in 2022 compared to 2021 due to additional online banking services and an increase in the volume of activity. 
 Trust expenses. The 34 thousand increase is primarily attributable to the growth in managed fiduciary accounts and the associated data processing and professional services. In addition, consulting services were engaged in 2022 that were not utilized in 2021. 
 Prepayment penalties on borrowings. During 2021, the Company paid prepayment penalties on the early payoff of FHLB advances of 226 thousand. There were no prepayment penalties paid in 2022. 
 Legal fees. The decrease in legal fees of 36 thousand between periods primarily relates to recoveries received from borrowers for legal fees expensed in prior years. 
 Travel and entertainment. The Company has resumed business travel, intercompany travel and events that were suspended due to the economic disruption caused by COVID-19, resulting in increased expense of 87 thousand for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes. The Company has provided for current and deferred federal income taxes for the current and prior periods presented. The Company's net provision for income taxes was 2.6 million for 2022 and 2021. The Company s effective federal corporate income tax rate was 16.3 and 16.1 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Amortization expense related to limited partnership investments included as a component of tax expense amounted to 1.1 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These investments provide tax benefits, including tax credits. Low income housing tax credits with respect to limited partnership investments are also included as a component of income tax expense and amounted to 1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 10 to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had total consolidated assets of 1.3 billion, including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of 959.3 million, deposits of 1.2 billion and stockholders' equity of 55.2 million. The Company s total assets increased 131.1 million, or 10.9 , from 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Net loans and loans held for sale increased 159.1 million, or 20.1 , to 952.3 million, or 71.3 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared to 793.2 million, or 65.8 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. (See Loan Portfolio below.) 
 Total deposits increased 106.8 million, or 9.8 to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021. There were increases in interest bearing deposits of 39.2 million, or 5.4 , noninterest bearing deposits of 21.3 million, or 8.0 , and time deposits of 46.3 million, or 43.4 . (See average balances and rates in the Yields Earned and Rates Paid table on page 29.) 
 Borrowed funds consisted of 50.0 million in FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 and there were no borrowed funds at December 31, 2021. In August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes are presented in the consolidated balance sheets net of unamortized issuance costs of 295 thousand and 329 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (See Borrowings on page 41.) 
 Total stockholders equity decreased 29.1 million, or 34.5 , from 84.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 55.2 million at December 31, 2022. (See Capital Resources on pages 43 to 44.) 
 
 Loan Portfolio . The Company's gross loan portfolio (including loans held for sale) increased 158.5 million, or 19.8 , to 959.3 million, representing 71.8 of assets at December 31, 2022, from 800.9 million, representing 66.4 of assets at December 31, 2021. The Company's loans consist primarily of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family, multi-family residential or commercial real estate. Real estate secured loans represented 828.2 million, or 86.3 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 compared to 670.6 million, or 83.7 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. The Company had four PPP loans totaling 205 thousand classified as commercial loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 154 PPP loans totaling 13.6 million at December 31, 2021. Changes in the composition of the Company's loan portfolio from December 31, 2021 (see table below) resulted primarily from an increase in the volume of residential loans not held for sale, construction, commercial real estate and municipal loans originated, partially offset by a decrease in the commercial portfolio related to PPP loans forgiveness. There was no material change in the Company's lending programs or terms during 2022. 

33 

The composition of the Company's loan portfolio was as follows at December 31 : 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate 352,433 36.7 246,827 30.8 Construction real estate 96,620 10.1 65,149 8.1 Commercial real estate 377,947 39.4 344,816 43.1 Commercial 40,973 4.3 49,788 6.2 Consumer 2,204 0.2 2,376 0.3 Municipal 87,980 9.2 78,094 9.8 Loans held for sale 1,178 0.1 13,829 1.7 Total loans 959,335 100.0 800,879 100.0 
 
 The Company originates and sells qualified residential mortgage loans in various secondary market avenues, with a majority of sales made to the FHLMC/Freddie Mac, generally with servicing rights retained. At December 31, 2022, the Company serviced a 987.4 million residential real estate mortgage portfolio, of which 1.2 million was held for sale and approximately 633.7 million was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. This compares to a residential real estate mortgage servicing portfolio of 898.8 million at December 31, 2021, of which 13.8 million was held for sale and approximately 638.1 million was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. Loans held for sale are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value and are reviewed by management at least quarterly based on current market pricing. 
 In an effort to utilize some excess liquidity during the first half of 2022 and in light of the impact on the pricing of loans resulting from the increase in the 10-year treasury rate in 2022, the Company elected to retain in portfolio the majority of residential real estate loans originated in 2022. The Company sold 78.0 million of qualified residential real estate loans originated during 2022 to the secondary market to mitigate long-term interest rate risk and to generate fee income, compared to sales of 216.8 million during 2021. Residential mortgage loan origination activity continued to be stable during 2022, consisting of both refinancing and purchase activity, although there has been a decline in refinancing activity with the increase in interest rates. Reflecting low housing inventory, there was an increase in construction loan activity in 2022. The Company originates and sells FHA, VA, and RD residential mortgage loans, and also has an Unconditional Direct Endorsement Approval from HUD which allows the Company to approve FHA loans originated in any of its Vermont or New Hampshire locations without needing prior HUD underwriting approval. The Company sells FHA, VA and RD loans as originated with servicing released. Some of the government backed loans qualify for zero down payments without geographic or income restrictions. These loan products increase the Company's ability to serve the borrowing needs of residents in the communities served, including low and moderate income borrowers, while the government guaranty mitigates the Company's exposure to credit risk. 
 The Company also originates commercial real estate and commercial loans under various SBA, USDA and State sponsored programs which provide a government agency guaranty for a portion of the loan amount. There was 3.2 million and 17.2 million guaranteed under these various programs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on aggregate balances of 4.2 million and 18.5 million in subject loans for the same time periods. These amounts include the 205 thousand and 13.6 million of PPP loans that were guaranteed 100 by SBA at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company occasionally sells the guaranteed portion of a loan to other financial concerns and retains servicing rights, which generates fee income. There were no commercial real estate or commercial loans sold during 2022 or 2021. The Company recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur. 
 The Company serviced 27.0 million and 21.2 million of commercial and commercial real estate loans for unaffiliated third parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This includes 25.7 million and 19.6 million of commercial or commercial real estate loans the Company had participated out to other financial institutions at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These loans were participated in the ordinary course of business on a nonrecourse basis, for liquidity or credit concentration management purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total loans serviced had grown to 1.6 billion, which includes total loans on the balance sheet of 959.3 million as well as total loans sold with servicing retained of 660.7 million, compared to total loans serviced of 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company capitalizes MSRs for all loans sold with servicing retained and recognizes gains and losses on the sale of the principal portion of these loans as they occur. The unamortized balance of MSRs on loans sold with servicing retained was 2.0 million and 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with an estimated market value in excess of the carrying value at both year ends. Management periodically evaluates and measures the servicing assets for impairment. 
 34 

Qualifying residential first mortgage loans and certain commercial real estate loans with a carrying value of 272.9 million and 224.4 million were pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table breaks down by classification the contractual maturities of the gross loans held in portfolio and for sale as of December 31, 2022: 
 Within 1 Year 2-5 Years 6-15 Years Over 15 Years Total (Dollars in thousands) Fixed rate Residential real estate 85 1,694 56,430 200,477 258,686 Construction real estate 31,180 9,533 6,179 46,892 Commercial real estate 1,045 5,669 45,137 51,851 Commercial 590 8,359 21,286 30,235 Consumer 1,102 1,077 8 2,187 Municipal 76,588 7,336 4,056 87,980 Total fixed rate 110,590 33,668 133,096 200,477 477,831 Variable rate Residential real estate 723 762 61,730 31,710 94,925 Construction real estate 5,522 4,322 11,841 28,043 49,728 Commercial real estate 13,965 4,452 247,635 60,044 326,096 Commercial 3,107 1,719 5,912 10,738 Consumer 17 17 Total variable rate 23,334 11,255 327,118 119,797 481,504 133,924 44,923 460,214 320,274 959,335 
 
 Asset Quality. The Company, like all financial institutions, is exposed to certain credit risks, including those related to the value of the collateral that secures its loans and the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Consistent application of the Company s conservative loan policies has helped to mitigate this risk and has been prudent for both the Company and its customers. The Company's Board has set forth well-defined lending policies (which are periodically reviewed and revised as appropriate) that include conservative individual lending limits for officers, aggregate and advisory board approval levels, Board approval for large credit relationships, a quality control program, a loan review program and other limits or standards deemed necessary and prudent. The Company's loan review program encompasses a review process for loan documentation and underwriting for select loans as well as a monitoring process for credit extensions to assess the credit quality and degree of risk in the loan portfolio. Management performs, and shares with the Board, periodic concentration analyses based on various factors such as industries, collateral types, location, large credit sizes and officer portfolio loads. Board approved policies set forth portfolio diversification levels to mitigate concentration risk and the Company participates large credits out to other financial institutions to further mitigate that risk. The Company has established underwriting guidelines to be followed by its officers; material exceptions are required to be approved by a senior loan officer, the President or the Board. 
 The Company does not make loans that are interest only, have teaser rates or that result in negative amortization of the principal, except for construction, lines of credit and other short-term loans for either commercial or consumer purposes where the credit risk is evaluated on a borrower-by-borrower basis. The Company evaluates the borrower's ability to pay on variable-rate loans over a variety of interest rate scenarios, not only the rate at origination. 
 The majority of the Company's loan portfolio is secured by real estate located throughout the Company's primary market area of northern Vermont and New Hampshire. For residential loans, the Company generally does not lend more than 80 of the appraised value of the home without a government guaranty or the borrower purchasing private mortgage insurance. Although the Company lends up to 80 of the collateral value on commercial real estate loans to strong borrowers, the majority of commercial real estate loans do not exceed 75 of the appraised collateral value. Rarely, the loan to value may go up to 100 on loans with government guarantees or other mitigating circumstances. Although the Company's loan portfolio consists of different business segments, there is a portion of the loan portfolio centered in leisure travel tourism related loans. The Company has implemented risk management strategies to mitigate exposure to this industry through utilizing government guaranty programs as well as participations with other financial institutions as discussed above. Additionally, the loan portfolio contains many loans to seasoned and well established businesses and/or well secured loans which further reduce the Company's 
 35 

risk. Management closely follows the local and national economies and their impact on the local businesses, especially on the tourism industry, as part of the Company's risk management program. 
 The region's economic environment continues to see signs of improvement and the states of Vermont and New Hampshire have been fully opened since June 2021, after the COVID-19 pandemic closure of large segments of the economy. There is demand for leisure travel and dining out which is supporting the region's tourist and restaurant industries; however, the industries are also facing some challenges due to less than normal workforce participation, supply chain delays and inflation. Demand for homes continues to be strong with the general safety and desirability of the region and the increased ability of working remotely. The Company s management is focused on the lingering impact of COVID-19 on its borrowers and closely monitors industry and geographic concentrations, specifically the continuing impact on the region's tourist and restaurant industries. The Vermont unemployment rate was reported at 2.6 for December 2022 compared to 2.5 for December 2021 and the New Hampshire unemployment rate was 2.7 for December 2022 compared to 2.6 for December 2021. These rates compare favorably with the nationwide unemployment rate of 3.5 and 3.9 , respectively, for the comparable periods. Management will continue to monitor the national, regional and local economic environment in relation to COVID-19 and its impact on unemployment, business outlook and real estate values in the Company s market area. 
 The Company also monitors its delinquency levels for any adverse trends. Management closely monitors the Company s loan and investment portfolios, OREO and OAO for potential problems and reports to the Boards of the Company and Union at regularly scheduled meetings. Repossessed assets and loans or investments that are 90 days or more past due or in nonaccrual status are considered to be nonperforming assets. 
 TDR loans involve one or more of the following: forgiving a portion of interest or principal, refinancing at a rate materially less than the market rate, rescheduling loan payments, or granting other concessions to a borrower due to financial or economic reasons related to the debtor's financial difficulties that the Company would not ordinarily grant. When evaluating the ALL, management makes a specific allocation for TDR loans as they are considered impaired. 
 The following table details the composition of the Company's nonperforming assets and amounts utilized to calculate certain asset quality ratios monitored by Company's management as of December 31: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans 2,211 4,650 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest 186 98 Total nonperforming loans and assets 2,397 4,748 Guarantees of U.S. or state government agencies on the above nonperforming loans 76 113 TDR loans 1,710 2,215 Allowance for loan losses 8,339 8,336 Net recoveries (3) (65) Total loans outstanding 959,335 800,879 Total average loans outstanding 875,528 808,894 

36 

The following table shows trends of certain asset quality ratios monitored by Company's management at December 31: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding 0.87 1.04 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 347.89 175.57 Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 377.16 179.27 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.25 0.59 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.18 0.39 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.23 0.58 Delinquent loans (30 days to nonaccruing) to total loans 0.57 0.82 Net recoveries to total average loans (0.01) Residential real estate (0.03) Net recoveries (66) Total average loans 304,778 243,212 Construction real estate Net charge-offs Total average loans 67,272 62,678 Commercial real estate Net recoveries Total average loans 373,657 324,101 Commercial Net recoveries (1) Total average loans 43,710 88,626 Consumer (0.09) 0.04 Net (recoveries) charge-offs (2) 1 Total average loans 2,262 2,608 Municipal Net charge-offs Total average loans 83,849 87,669 
 Nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 decreased 2.4 million, or 49.5 and decreased as a percentage of assets from 0.39 at December 31, 2021 to 0.18 at December 31, 2022, with the ALL as a percentage of nonperforming loans increasing from 175.57 to 347.89 . Management considers the asset quality ratios to be at favorable levels. The Company's success at keeping the ratios at favorable levels is the result of continued focus on maintaining strict underwriting standards, as well as our practice, as a community bank, of actively working with troubled borrowers to resolve the borrower's delinquency, while maintaining the safe and sound credit practices of Union and safeguarding our strong capital position. There was one residential real estate loan totaling 28 thousand in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022 and no loans in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2021. The aggregate interest on nonaccrual loans not recognized was 59 thousand and 504 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had loans rated substandard that were on a performing status totaling 1.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 769 thousand at December 31, 2021. In management's view, such loans represent a higher degree of risk of becoming nonperforming loans in the future. While still on a performing status, in accordance with the Company's credit policy, loans are internally classified when a review indicates the existence of any of the following conditions, making the likelihood of collection questionable: 
 the financial condition of the borrower is unsatisfactory; 
 repayment terms have not been met; 
 the borrower has sustained losses that are sizable, either in absolute terms or relative to net worth; 
 confidence in the borrower's ability to repay is diminished; 
 loan covenants have been violated; 
 collateral is inadequate; or 
 other unfavorable factors are present. 
 37 

Although management believes that the Company's nonperforming and internally classified loans are generally well-secured and that probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio are provided for in the Company's ALL, there can be no assurance that future deterioration in economic conditions and/or collateral values, or changes in other relevant factors will not result in future credit losses. The Company s management is focused on the impact that the economy may have on its borrowers and closely monitors industry and geographic concentrations for evidence of financial problems. Management will continue to monitor the national, regional and local economic environment, particularly as it relates to the COVID-19 crisis and its residual impact on unemployment, business failures and real estate values in the Company s market area. 
 On occasion, the Company acquires residential or commercial real estate properties through or in lieu of loan foreclosure. These properties are held for sale and are initially recorded as OREO at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of the Company s acquisition of the property, with fair value based on an appraisal for more significant properties and on a broker s price opinion for less significant properties. Holding costs and declines in fair value of properties acquired are expensed as incurred. Declines in the fair value after acquisition of the property result in charges against income before tax. The Company evaluates each OREO property at least quarterly for changes in the fair value. The Company had no properties classified as OREO at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses . Some of the Company s loan customers ultimately do not make all of their contractually scheduled payments, requiring the Company to charge off a portion or all of the remaining principal balance due. The Company maintains an ALL to absorb such losses. The ALL is maintained at a level believed by management to be appropriate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the evaluation date; however, actual loan losses may vary from management's current estimates. 
 The ALL is evaluated quarterly using a consistent, systematic methodology, which analyzes the risk inherent in the loan portfolio. In addition to evaluating the collectability of specific loans when determining the appropriate level of the ALL, management also takes into consideration other qualitative factors such as changes in the mix and size of the loan portfolio, credit concentrations, historic loss experience, the amount of delinquencies and loans adversely classified, industry trends, and the impact of the local and regional economy on the Company's borrowers as well as the estimated value of any underlying collateral. The appropriate level of the ALL is assessed by an allocation process whereby specific loss allocations are made against impaired loans and general loss allocations are made against segments of the loan portfolio that have similar attributes. Although the ALL is assessed by allocating reserves by loan category, the total ALL is available to absorb losses that may occur within any loan category. 
 The ALL is increased by a provision for loan losses charged to earnings, and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. The provision for loan losses represents management's estimate of the current period credit cost associated with maintaining an appropriate ALL. Based on an evaluation of the loan portfolio and other relevant qualitative factors, management presents a quarterly analysis of the appropriate level of the ALL to the Board, indicating any changes in the ALL since the last review and any recommendations as to adjustments in the ALL and the level of future provisions. 
 Credit quality of the commercial portfolio is quantified by a credit risk rating system designed to parallel regulatory criteria and categories of loan risk and has historically been well received by the various regulatory authorities. Individual loan officers and credit department personnel monitor loans to ensure appropriate rating assignments are made on a timely basis. Risk ratings and quality of commercial and retail credit portfolios are also assessed on a regular basis by an independent loan review function. 
 The level of ALL allocable to each loan portfolio category with similar risk characteristics is determined based on historical charge-offs, adjusted for qualitative risk factors. A quarterly analysis of various qualitative factors, including portfolio characteristics, national and local economic trends, overall market conditions, and levels of, and trends in, delinquencies and nonperforming loans, helps to ensure that areas with the potential risk for loss are considered in management's ALL estimate. Management increased certain economic qualitative factors utilized to estimate the ALL during 2020 at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2021 and 2022, the economic qualitative reserve factor assigned to each loan portfolio in the ALL estimate was decreased due to continued indications of economic improvement. COVID-19 restrictions were lifted in June 2021 and all borrowers that had executed loan modifications due to COVID-19 were no longer subject to modified terms at December 31, 2022. During 2021, the economic qualitative reserve factor was decreased 10 bps for the residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial, consumer and municipal loan portfolios and 5 bps for the construction real estate loan portfolio. Based on these continued improving economic trends during 2022, the economic qualitative reserve factor was decreased a further 15 bps for the residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial, and consumer loan portfolios and a further 20 bps for the construction real estate loan portfolio. These reductions brought the economic qualitative reserve factor back to the pre-pandemic level for all loan portfolios. 
 In addition to the qualitative risk factor analysis of each loan portfolio, loans meeting specified criteria are also evaluated for specific impairment and may be classified as impaired when management believes it is probable that the Company will not collect all the contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled in the loan agreement. Commercial loans with balances greater than 500 thousand was established by management as the threshold for individual impairment evaluation with a 
 38 

specific reserve allocated when warranted. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer, real estate or small balance commercial loans for impairment evaluation, unless such loans are subject to a restructuring agreement or have been identified as impaired as part of a larger customer relationship. A specific reserve amount is allocated to the ALL for individual loans that have been classified as impaired on the basis of the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, an observable market price, or the present value of anticipated future cash flows. 
 Impaired loans, including 1.7 million of TDR loans, were 9.5 million at December 31, 2022, with government guaranties of 341 thousand and a specific reserve amount allocated of 30 thousand. Impaired loans, including 2.2 million of TDR loans, were 6.8 million at December 31, 2021, with government guaranties of 423 thousand and a specific reserve amount allocated of 46 thousand. The specific reserve amount allocated to individually identified impaired loans decreased 16 thousand as a result of the December 31, 2022 impairment evaluation. 
 
 The following table (net of loans held for sale) shows the internal breakdown by class of loans of the Company's ALL and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans in the respective portfolios at December 31: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate 2,417 36.8 2,068 31.4 Construction real estate 1,032 10.1 837 8.3 Commercial real estate 3,935 39.4 4,122 43.8 Commercial 301 4.3 275 6.3 Consumer 10 0.2 11 0.3 Municipal 95 9.2 86 9.9 Unallocated 549 937 Total 8,339 100.0 8,336 100.0 
 Notwithstanding the categories shown in the table above or any specific allocation under the Company's ALL methodology, all funds in the ALL are available to absorb loan losses in the portfolio, regardless of loan category or specific allocation. 
 Management of the Company believes, in its best estimate, that the ALL at December 31, 2022 is appropriate to cover probable credit losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio as of such date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will not sustain losses in future periods which could be greater than the size of the ALL at December 31, 2022. In addition, our banking regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our ALL. Such agencies may require us to recognize adjustments to the ALL based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. A large adjustment to the ALL for losses in future periods may require increased provisions to replenish the ALL, which could negatively affect earnings. 
 
 Investment Activities . The investment portfolio is used to generate interest and dividend income, manage liquidity and mitigate interest rate sensitivity. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of investment securities AFS was 250.3 million, or 18.7 of total assets, compared to 267.8 million, or 22.2 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. There were no investment securities classified as HTM or as trading at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Investment securities classified as AFS are marked-to-market, with any unrealized gain or loss after estimated taxes charged to the equity portion of the balance sheet through the accumulated OCI component of stockholders' equity. The fair value of investment securities AFS at December 31, 2022 reflects a net unrealized loss of 47.4 million, compared to a net unrealized loss of 2.0 million at December 31, 2021. Despite the decrease in the overall fair value of the investment portfolio, the amortized cost of investment securities classified as AFS increased 27.9 million during 2022. The Company used excess liquidity to increase the investment portfolio during 2021 and the first half of 2022 to obtain higher yields than what would have been earned at the Federal Funds rate. 
 At December 31, 2022, 207 debt securities had gross unrealized losses of 47.8 million, with aggregate depreciation of 16.04 from the Company's amortized cost basis. Securities are evaluated at least quarterly for OTTI and at December 31, 2022, in management's estimation, no security was OTTI. Management's evaluation of OTTI is subject to risks and uncertainties and is intended to determine the appropriate amount and timing of recognition of any impairment charge. The assessment of whether such impairment for debt securities has occurred is based on management's best estimate of the cash flows expected to be collected at the individual security level. We regularly monitor our investment portfolio to ensure securities that may be OTTI are identified in a timely manner and that any impairment charge is recognized in the proper period and, with respect to debt securities, that the impairment is properly allocated between credit losses recognized in earnings and noncredit unrealized losses recognized in OCI. Further deterioration in credit quality, imbalances in liquidity in the financial marketplace or a quick rise in 
 39 

interest rates might adversely affect the fair value of the Company's investment portfolio and may increase the potential that certain unrealized losses will be designated as OTT in future periods, resulting in write-downs and related charges to earnings. 

Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Stock. Union is a member of the FHLB, with an investment of 2.7 million and 1.1 million in its Class B common stock at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Union is required to invest in 100 par value stock of the FHLB in an amount tied to the unpaid principal balances on qualifying loans, plus an amount to satisfy an activity based requirement. The stock is nonmarketable, and is redeemable by the FHLB at par value. Although the FHLB was in compliance with all regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is the possibility of future capital calls by the FHLB on member banks to ensure compliance with its capital plan. Union's investment in FHLB stock is carried at cost in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Similar to evaluating investment securities for OTTI, the Company has evaluated its investment in the FHLB. Management's most recent evaluation of the Company's holdings of FHLB common stock concluded that the investment was not impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Deposits. The following table shows information concerning the Company's average deposits by account type and the weighted average nominal rates at which interest was paid on such deposits for the years ended December 31: 
 2022 2021 Average Balance Percent of Total Deposits Average Rate Paid Average Balance Percent of Total Deposits Average Rate Paid (Dollars in thousands) Nontime deposits: Noninterest bearing deposits 311,444 26.9 238,572 23.2 Interest bearing checking accounts 292,850 25.3 0.31 255,031 24.8 0.23 Money market accounts 246,867 21.3 0.62 248,864 24.2 0.62 Savings accounts 187,625 16.2 0.04 167,381 16.3 0.06 Total nontime deposits 1,038,786 89.7 0.24 909,848 88.5 0.25 Total time deposits 119,081 10.3 0.85 118,145 11.5 0.78 Total deposits 1,157,867 100.0 0.30 1,027,993 100.0 0.31 
 
 Deposits grew 106.8 million, or 9.8 , from 1.1 billion at December 31, 2021 to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022. Total average deposits grew 129.9 million, or 12.6 , between years, with average nontime deposits growing 128.9 million, or 14.2 , and average time deposits increasing 936 thousand, or 0.8 , during the same time frame. The increase in average balances for nontime deposits was attributable to the overall growth in franchise. The average balances of time deposits increased due to retail brokered deposits issued during 2022 under a master certificate of deposit program with a broker, along with customers taking advantage of time deposit rate promotions offered at the end of 2022. 
 The Company participates in CDARS, which permits the Company to offer full deposit insurance coverage to its customers by exchanging deposit balances with other CDARS participants. CDARS also provides the Company with an additional source of funding and liquidity through the purchase of deposits. There were no purchased CDARS deposits as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. There were 12.3 million of time deposits of 250,000 or less on the balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 13.6 million at December 31, 2021, which were exchanged with other CDARS participants. 
 The Company also participates in the ICS program, a service through which Union can offer its customers demand or savings products with access to unlimited FDIC insurance, while receiving reciprocal deposits from other FDIC-insured banks. Like the exchange of certificate of deposit accounts through CDARS, exchange of demand or savings deposits through ICS provides a depositor with full deposit insurance coverage of excess balances, thereby helping the Company retain the full amount of the deposit on its balance sheet. As with the CDARS program, in addition to reciprocal deposits, participating banks may also purchase one-way ICS deposits. There were 209.3 million and 155.3 million in exchanged ICS demand and money market deposits on the balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were no purchased ICS deposits at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were 33.0 million of retail brokered deposits at a rate of 3.45 issued under a master certificate of deposit program with a deposit broker for the purpose of providing a supplemental source of funding and liquidity. These deposits matured in January 2023 and were replaced with 33.0 million of retail brokered deposits at a rate of 4.7 for a 12 month term. There were no retail brokered deposits at December 31, 2021. 
 
 40 

A provision of the Dodd-Frank Act permanently raised FDIC deposit insurance coverage to 250 thousand per depositor per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. Uninsured deposits have been estimated to include deposits with balances greater than the FDIC insurance coverage limit of 250 thousand. This estimate is based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. At December 31, 2022, the Company had estimated uninsured deposit accounts totaling 342.8 million, or 28.5 of total deposits. Uninsured deposits include 30.4 million of municipal deposits and were collateralized under applicable state regulations by investment securities or letters of credit issued by the FHLB at December 31, 2022, as described below under Borrowings. 
 The following table provides a maturity distribution of the Company s time deposits in amounts in excess of the 250 thousand FDIC insurance limit at December 31: 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Three months or less 1,011 4,249 Over three months through six months 4,001 5,576 Over six months through twelve months 11,462 4,536 Over twelve months 9,883 1,862 26,357 16,223 
 Uninsured time deposits with balances greater than 250 thousand increased 10.1 million, or 62.5 , between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, which resulted primarily from rate promotions offered at the end of 2022. 
 
 Borrowings. Advances from the FHLB are another key source of funds to support earning assets. These funds are also used to manage the Bank's interest rate and liquidity risk exposures. Borrowed funds were comprised of FHLB advances of 50.0 million with a weighted average rate of 4.41 at December 31, 2022. The Company had no borrowed funds at December 31, 2021. Average borrowings outstanding for 2022 were 11.1 million, compared to average borrowings outstanding for 2021 of 7.1 million, with the weighted average interest rate on the Company's borrowings increasing from 3.05 for 2021 to 3.86 for 2022. A 7.0 million FHLB advance was prepaid during the fourth quarter of 2021 utilizing excess liquidity, resulting in penalties paid of 226 thousand which are included in Other expenses on the Company's consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had no overnight federal funds purchased on December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 The Company has the authority, up to its available borrowing capacity with the FHLB, to collateralize public unit deposits with letters of credit issued by the FHLB. FHLB letters of credit in the amount of 42.5 million and 37.5 million were utilized as collateral for these deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Total fees paid by the Company in connection with the issuance of these letters of credit were 34 thousand and 45 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 (the "Notes") to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of 3.25 per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus 263 basis points. The Notes are presented in the consolidated balance sheets net of unamortized issuance costs of 295 thousand and 329 thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 13 to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements. The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers, to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, and to implement its strategic objectives. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, commitments to participate in or sell loans, commitments to buy or sell securities, certificates of deposit or other investment instruments and risk-sharing commitments or guarantees on certain sold loans. Such instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. The contractual or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in a particular class of financial instrument. 
 The Company's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. For interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, the contractual or notional amounts do not represent the Company s exposure to credit loss. The Company controls the risk of interest rate cap agreements through 
 41 

credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The Company generally requires collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk. 
 The following table details the contractual or notional amount of financial instruments that represented credit risk at December 31, 2022: 
 Contract or Notional Amount 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (Dollars in thousands) Commitments to originate loans 39,217 39,217 Unused lines of credit 130,872 36,222 11,206 185 375 6,679 185,539 Standby and commercial letters of credit 487 240 39 996 1,762 Credit card arrangements 241 241 MPF credit enhancement obligation, net 396 396 Commitment to purchase investment in a real estate limited partnership 3,000 3,000 Total 174,213 36,462 11,245 185 375 7,675 230,155 
 Commitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have a fixed expiration date or other termination clause and may require payment of a fee. The unused lines of credit total includes 13.4 million of lines available under the overdraft privilege program and is included in the 2023 funding period. Approximately 48.7 million of the unused lines of credit relate to real estate construction loans that are expected to fund within the next twelve months. The remaining lines primarily relate to revolving lines of credit for other real estate or commercial loans. Since many of the loan commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and not all credit lines will be utilized, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Lines of credit incur seasonal volume fluctuations due to the nature of some customers' businesses, such as tourism. 
 Unused lines of credit increased 17.1 million, or 10.2 , from 168.4 million at December 31, 2021 to 185.5 million at December 31, 2022. Some of the larger lines have underlying participation agreements in place with other financial institutions in order to permit the Company to support the credit needs of larger dollar borrowers without bearing all the credit risk in the Company's balance sheet. Commitments to originate loans decreased 9.7 million, or 19.8 , from 48.9 million at December 31, 2021 to 39.2 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company may, from time-to-time, enter into commitments to purchase, participate or sell loans, securities, certificates of deposit, or other investment instruments which involve market and interest rate risk. At December 31, 2022, the Company had binding commitments to sell residential mortgage loans at fixed rates totaling 904 thousand. 
 The Company sells 1-4 family residential mortgage loans under the MPF loss-sharing program with FHLB, when management believes it is economically advantageous to do so. Under this program the Company shares in the credit risk of each mortgage, while receiving fee income in return. The Company is responsible for a Credit Enhancement Obligation based on the credit quality of these loans. FHLB funds a first loss account based on the Company's outstanding MPF mortgage balances. This creates a laddered approach to sharing in any losses. In the event of default, homeowner's equity and private mortgage insurance, if any, are the first sources of repayment; the FHLB first loss account funds are then utilized, followed by the member's Credit Enhancement Obligation, with the balance the responsibility of FHLB. These loans must meet specific underwriting standards of the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had sold loans through the MPF program totaling 33.9 million with an outstanding balance of 9.1 million. The volume of loans sold to the MPF program and the corresponding Credit Enhancement Obligation are closely monitored by management. As of December 31, 2022, the notional amount of the maximum contingent contractual liability related to this program was 415 thousand, of which 19 thousand was recorded as a reserve through Other liabilities. Since inception of the Company's MPF participation in 2015, the Company has not experienced any losses under this program. 
 
 Liquidity . Liquidity is a measurement of the Company s ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to fund deposit withdrawals, repay borrowings, fund investment and lending activities, and for other general business purposes. The primary objective of liquidity management is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds to meet our cash flow needs in the most economical and expedient manner. The Company s principal sources of funds are deposits; wholesale funding options including purchased deposits, amortization, prepayment and maturity of loans, investment securities, interest bearing deposits and other short-term investments; sales of securities AFS and loans; earnings; and funds provided from operations. Contractual principal repayments on loans are a relatively predictable source of funds; however, deposit flows and loan and investment prepayments are less predictable and can be significantly influenced by market interest 
 42 

rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competitors. Managing liquidity risk is essential to maintaining both depositor confidence and earnings stability. 
 At December 31, 2022, Union, as a member of FHLB, had access to unused lines of credit of 76.9 million, over and above the 93.5 million in combined outstanding borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization, subject to the purchase of required FHLB Class B common stock and evaluation by the FHLB of the underlying collateral available. This line of credit can be used for either short-term or long-term liquidity or other funding needs. 
 Union also maintains an IDEAL Way Line of Credit with the FHLB. The total line available was 551 thousand at December 31, 2022. There were no borrowings against this line of credit as of such date. Interest on this line is chargeable at a rate determined by the FHLB and payable monthly. Should Union utilize this line of credit, qualified portions of the loan and investment portfolios would collateralize these borrowings. 
 In addition to its borrowing arrangements with the FHLB, Union maintains a pre-approved Federal Funds line of credit totaling 15.0 million with an upstream correspondent bank, a master brokered deposit agreement with a brokerage firm, one-way buy options with CDARS and ICS as well as access to the FRB discount window, which would require pledging of qualifying investment securities or loans. In addition to the funding sources available to Union, the Company maintains a 5.0 million revolving line of credit with a correspondent bank. At December 31, 2022 there were no purchased CDARS or ICS deposits, 33.0 million in retail brokered deposits issued under a master certificate of deposit program with a broker, and no outstanding advances at the FRB discount window or on the Union or Company correspondent lines. 
 Union's investment and residential loan portfolios provide a significant amount of contingent liquidity that could be accessed in a reasonable time period through sales of those portfolios. We also have additional contingent liquidity sources with access to the brokered deposit market and the FRB discount window. These sources are considered as liquidity alternatives in our contingent liquidity plan. Management believes the Company has sufficient liquidity to meet all reasonable borrower, depositor, and creditor needs in the present economic environment. However, any projections of future cash needs and flows are subject to substantial uncertainty, including factors outside the Company's control. 
 
 Capital Resources . Capital management is designed to maintain an optimum level of capital in a cost-effective structure that meets target regulatory ratios, supports management s internal assessment of economic capital, funds the Company s business strategies and builds long-term stockholder value. Dividends are generally in line with long-term trends in earnings per share and conservative earnings projections, while sufficient profits are retained to support anticipated business growth, fund strategic investments, maintain required regulatory capital levels and provide continued support for deposits. The Company and Union continue to satisfy all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and Union is considered well capitalized under the FDIC's Prompt Corrective Action framework. The Company continues to evaluate growth opportunities both through internal growth, including potential new locations. The dividend payouts and stock repurchases during the last few years reflect the Board s desire to utilize our capital for the benefit of the stockholders. 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes are structured to qualify as a Tier 2 capital for the Company under bank regulatory guidelines. The proceeds from the sale of the Notes were utilized to provide additional capital to Union to support its growth and for other general corporate purposes. 
 Stockholders equity decreased from 84.3 million at December 31, 2021 to 55.2 million at December 31, 2022, reflecting an increase of 35.9 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss due to a decrease in the fair market value of the Company's AFS securities, cash dividends declared of 6.3 million, and stock repurchases of 79 thousand during 2022. These decreases were partially offset by net income of 12.6 million for 2022, an increase of 446 thousand from stock based compensation, and a 60 thousand increase due to the issuance of common stock under the DRIP. 
 The Company has 7,500,000 shares of 2.00 par value common stock authorized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 4,982,523 shares issued, of which 4,508,587 were outstanding and 473,936 were held in treasury. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding unvested RSUs under the Company's 2014 Equity Plan with respect to 1,745 shares under RSU grants in 2021 and 7,822 shares under RSU grants in 2022. 
 In January 2022, the Company's Board reauthorized for 2022 the limited stock repurchase plan that was initially established in May of 2010. The limited stock repurchase plan allows the repurchase of up to a fixed number of shares of the Company's common stock each calendar quarter in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, as management may deem advisable and as market conditions may warrant. The repurchase authorization for a calendar quarter (currently 2,500 shares) expires at the end of that quarter to the extent it has not been exercised, and is not carried forward into future quarters. The Company repurchased 2,650 shares under this program during 2022 at a total cost of 79 thousand. Since inception, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased 20,440 shares under the program, for a total cost of 553 thousand. In January 2023, the Board reauthorized the limited stock repurchase plan for 2023 on similar terms. 
 43 

The Company maintains a DRIP whereby registered stockholders may elect to reinvest cash dividends and optional cash contributions to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has reserved 200,000 shares of its common stock for issuance and sale under the DRIP. As of December 31, 2022, 7,583 shares of stock had been issued from treasury stock since inception of the DRIP, including 2,153 shares in 2022. 
 The Company's total capital to risk weighted assets decreased to 14.0 at December 31, 2022, from 15.4 at December 31, 2021. Tier I capital to risk weighted assets decreased to 11.0 at December 31, 2022, from 11.9 at December 31, 2021, and Tier I capital to average assets decreased to 6.7 at December 31, 2022 from 7.1 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Union was categorized as well capitalized under the Prompt Corrective Action regulatory framework and the Company exceeded applicable minimum capital adequacy requirements. There were no conditions or events between December 31, 2022 and the date of this report that management believes have changed either the Company s or Union's regulatory capital category. See Note 22 to the Company's consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of the Company's and Union's regulatory capital ratios. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices. The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which allows for the measurement of financial position and results of operations in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Banks have asset and liability structures that are essentially monetary in nature, and their general and administrative costs constitute relatively small percentages of total expenses. Thus, increases in the general price levels for goods and services have a relatively minor effect on the Company's total expenses but could have an impact on our loan customers' financial condition. Interest rates have a more significant impact on the Company's financial performance than the effect of general inflation. The Federal Reserve moved boldly in 2022 with interest rate increases to try to reduce inflation. The federal funds target range increased seven times during 2022 from a range of 0 to 0.25 to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 and increased another 50 bps during the first quarter of 2023 to a range of 4.75 to 5.0 . With inflation well above 2 , the FOMC will likely continue to increase the federal funds target range in 2023. The Company's balance sheet depicts an asset sensitive posture as net interest income is expected to benefit as interest rates rise and worsen as interest rates decline. The degree of benefit will depend on the pace and extent of interest rate increases, the slope of the yield curve, and the Company's overall deposit pricing strategy. Customer deposit balances increased during 2022 and are expected to increase in 2023 due to deposit growth initiatives, including continued expansion in the Company's newest markets and the ability to open new accounts online within the states of Vermont and New Hampshire. The cost of funds, which is primarily tied to rates paid on customer deposits, increased 8 bps during 2022. Management is projecting continued increases in the cost of funds for 2023 as interest rates on wholesale funds are expected to increase with further FOMC increases in rates and rising rates exert continued upward pressure on rates paid on customer deposit accounts in order to defend the existing deposit base and attract new customers. Market rates are out of the Company's control but can have a dramatic impact on net interest income. 
 Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or change in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. Inflation in the price of goods and services, while not having a substantial impact on the operating results of the Company, does affect all customers and therefore may impact their ability to keep funds on deposit or make timely loan payments. The Company is aware of and evaluates this risk along with others in making business decisions. The levels of deficit spending by federal, state and local governments and control of the money supply by the FRB, including further changes to monetary or fiscal policies, may have unanticipated effects on interest rates or inflation in future periods that could have an unfavorable impact on the future operating results of the Company. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Omitted, in accordance with the regulatory relief available to smaller reporting companies in SEC Release Nos. 33-10513 (effective September 10, 2018). 
 44 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UNIO N B ANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 Assets (Dollars in thousands) Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and overnight deposits Cash and cash equivalents Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities available-for-sale Other investments Total investments Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net deferred loan costs Net loans Premises and equipment, net Company-owned life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Total deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated notes Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 9, 15, 16, 18, 19 and 22) Stockholders Equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares 
 issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Additional-paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares 
 at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest and dividend income Interest and fees on loans Interest on debt securities: Taxable Tax exempt Dividends Interest on federal funds sold and overnight deposits Interest on interest bearing deposits in banks Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowed funds Interest on long-term borrowed funds Interest on subordinated notes Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income Trust income Service fees Net gains on sales of investment securities available-for-sale Net gains on sales of loans held for sale Net loss on other investments ) ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and wages Employee benefits Occupancy expense, net Equipment expense Other expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Dividends per common share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Investment securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized holding losses arising during the year on investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains on investment securities available-for-sale realized in net income ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Common Stock Shares, net of treasury Amount Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total stockholders equity (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balances, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 2022 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities (Dollars in thousands) Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) Net amortization of premiums on investment securities Equity in losses of limited partnerships Stock based compensation expense Net increase in unamortized loan costs ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Net gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) Net losses on disposals of premises and equipment Net gains on sales of investment securities available-for-sale ) Net gains on sales of other real estate owned ) Net losses on other investments (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) Amortization of core deposit intangible Amortization of debt issuance costs Increase in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Interest bearing deposits in banks Proceeds from maturities and redemptions Purchases ) ) Investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns Purchases ) ) Net purchases of other investments ) ) Net increase in nonmarketable stock ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Recoveries of loans charged off Net purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Investments in limited partnerships ) ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Net cash used in investi ng activities 
 ) ) 
 49 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities Repayment of long-term borrowings ) Net increase in short-term borrowings outstanding Net increase in noninterest bearing deposits Net increase in interest bearing deposits Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes Debt issuance costs incurred with issuance of subordinated notes ) Exercise of stock options Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of year End of year Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Other real estate acquired in settlement of loans Investment in limited partnerships acquired by capital contributions payable Right-of-use operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Dividends paid on Common Stock: Dividends declared Dividends reinvested ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

million, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in the 2011 Branch Acquisition. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually, in accordance with current authoritative accounting guidance. Management assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company, in total, is 
 56 

FHLB stock is reported in Other assets at its par value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 of the sum of Tier 1 Capital and allowable Tier 2 capital. 

(See Note 10.) 

(See Note 17.) 

(See Note 14.) 

57 

shares of the Company s common stock were authorized for equity awards of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units to eligible officers and (except for awards of incentive stock options) nonemployee directors. Stock based compensation awards are measured at the fair value of the stock at the grant date and recognized as expense over the period in which they vest. (See Note 16.) 
 
 reportable segment and represents the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 
 58 

Note 2. 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston FHLB of Boston 
 No losses have been experienced in these accounts and the Company believes it is not exposed to any significant risk with respect to the accounts. 
 
 required to maintain contracted clearing balances at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Balances at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and a portion of the funds at the FHLB are classified as overnight deposits as they earn interest. 

Note 3. 
 
 million in certificates with rates ranging from to and various maturity dates through 2026, with million scheduled to mature in 2023. 

59 

Note 4. 
 ) Agency MBS ) State and political subdivisions ) Corporate ) Total ) 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available-for-sale (Dollars in thousands) Debt securities: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) Agency MBS ) State and political subdivisions ) Corporate ) Total ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were investment securities HTM. Investment securities AFS with a carrying amount of thousand and thousand were pledged as collateral for public unit deposits or for other purposes as required or permitted by law at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ) ) ) Agency MBS ) ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 60 

) ) ) Agency MBS ) ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The Company has the ability to hold the investment securities that had unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 for the foreseeable future. The decline in fair value is the result of market conditions and not attributable to credit quality in the investment securities and declines were deemed by management to be OTT at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Proceeds from calls Gross gains Gross losses ) ) Net gains 
 
 Due from one to five years Due from five to ten years Due after ten years Agency MBS Total 
 Actual maturities may differ for certain debt securities that may be called by the issuer prior to the contractual maturity. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities on agency MBS because the mortgages underlying the securities may be prepaid, usually without any penalties. Therefore, these agency MBS are shown separately and not included in the contractual maturity categories in the above maturity summary. 

Note 5. 

61 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 There were no obligations to repurchase loans for any amount at December 31, 2022, but there were contractual risk sharing commitments on certain sold loans totaling thousand as of such date. (See Note 19.) 
 The Company generally retains the servicing rights on loans sold. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balance of servicing rights on loans sold with servicing retained was million and million, respectively, and is included in Other assets. The estimated fair value of these servicing rights was in excess of their carrying value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and therefore impairment reserve was necessary. The capitalization and amortization of MSRs is included in Other income. 
 Amortization of servicing rights Net capitalization of servicing rights ) 

Note 6. 
 Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Gross loans Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net deferred loan costs Net loans 
 There were and PPP loans totaling thousand and million classified as commercial loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were PPP deferred loan origination fees of thousand and thousand, respectively, remaining to be amortized into interest income over the lives of the respective loans. PPP loan origination fees of thousand and million were recognized in earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Qualifying residential first mortgage loans and certain commercial real estate loans with a carrying value of million and million were pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

62 

Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total 
 December 31, 2021 Current 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days and over and accruing Nonaccrual Total (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total 
 
 There was residential real estate loan totaling thousand in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022 and loans in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2021. Aggregate interest not recognized on nonaccrual loans was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 7. 
 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses ) ) ) Recoveries of amounts charged off Amounts charged off ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 63 

Provision (credit) for loan losses ) ) ) ) Recoveries of amounts charged off Amounts charged off ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allocated 
 December 31, 2021 Residential Real Estate Construction Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Unallocated Total (Dollars in thousands) Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total allocated 
 
 Despite the allocation shown in the tables above, the ALL is general in nature and is available to absorb losses from any class of loan. 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 December 31, 2021 Residential Real Estate Construction Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total (Dollars in thousands) Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Total 
 
 64 

Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Total 
 December 31, 2021 Residential Real Estate Construction Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total (Dollars in thousands) Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Total 

65 

Commercial real estate With an allowance recorded Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial With no allowance recorded Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Total 
 December 31, 2021 For The Year Ended December 31, 2021 Recorded Investment (1) Principal Balance (1) Related Allowance Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate Commercial real estate With an allowance recorded Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial With no allowance recorded Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Total 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Does not reflect government guaranties on impaired loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling thousand and thousand, respectively. 

66 

Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Total 
 
 The TDR loans above represent loan modifications in which a concession was provided to the borrower, including due date extensions, maturity date extensions, interest rate reductions or the forgiveness of accrued interest. Troubled loans that are restructured and meet established thresholds are classified as impaired and a specific reserve amount is allocated to the ALL on the basis of the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans, an observable market price, or the present value of anticipated future cash flows. 

There were TDR loans modified within the previous twelve months that had subsequently defaulted during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 . TDR loans are considered defaulted at 90 days past due. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was not committed to lend any additional funds to borrowers whose loans were nonperforming, impaired or restructured. 

Note 8. 
 Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in progress and deposits on equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation included in Occupancy and Equipment expenses amounted to million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Note 9. 
 
 67 

years. 
 The discount rate used in determining the lease liability for each individual lease was the FHLB fixed advance rate as of January 2019 that corresponded to the remaining lease term for each lease at adoption of the ASU or the date the lease became effective. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate for operating leases was . 
 Lease liabilities included in Accrued interest and other liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Discount effect of cash flows ) Lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease costs, included in Occupancy expense, net in the consolidated statements of income were thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Occupancy expense is shown in the consolidated statements of income, net of rental income of thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 10. 

Capital contribution payable included in Accrued interest and other liabilities 

68 

Federal income tax credits related to limited partnership investments ) ) Net effect on Provision for income taxes ) 

Note 11. 
 
 Savings and money market accounts Time deposits, 250,000 and over Other time deposits 
 Included in other time deposits are brokered deposits of million at December 31, 2022. There were brokered deposits at December 31, 2021. Reciprocal deposits of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in deposit balances in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Note 12. 
 
 million at a weighted average rate of at December 31, 2022 and there were borrowed funds at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company has established both overnight and longer term lines of credit with the FHLB. These borrowings are secured by a blanket lien on qualified collateral consisting of loans with first mortgages secured by one-to-four family properties and certain commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2022, pledged loans with a carrying value of million provided a gross borrowing capacity of million at the FHLB, less outstanding borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization of million, resulting in remaining year-end available borrowing capacity of million. At December 31, 2021, pledged loans with a carrying value of million provided a gross borrowing capacity of million at the FHLB, less outstanding borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization of million, resulting in remaining year-end available borrowing capacity of million. 
 
 Under a separate agreement with the FHLB, the Company has the authority, up to its available borrowing capacity, to collateralize public unit deposits with letters of credit issued by the FHLB. FHLB letters of credit in the amount of million and million were utilized as collateral for these deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total fees paid by the Company in connection with the issuance of these letters of credit were thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Union also maintains an IDEAL Way Line of Credit with the FHLB. The total line available was thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 69 

million. Interest on advances under this line is payable daily and charged at the Federal Funds rate at the time of the borrowing. In addition to the foregoing funding sources available to Union, the Company maintains a million revolving line of credit with a correspondent bank. There were outstanding borrowings on either line of credit at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Note 13. 
 
 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 (the "Notes") to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus basis points. The Company may, at its option, beginning with the interest payment date of September 1, 2026, but not generally prior thereto, and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part. The Notes have been structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital instruments for the Company under bank regulatory guidelines. 
 
 The Company used the proceeds to provide additional capital support to the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Union Bank, to support growth and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The unamortized issuance costs of the Notes were thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded thousand and thousand of issuance costs in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Notes are presented net of unamortized issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 14. 
 
 Current state tax provision Deferred tax (benefit) provision ) 
 
 State taxes Tax exempt interest ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of COLI ) ) Tax credits ) ) Equity in losses of limited partnerships Non-deductible expenses Other ) 

70 

Deferred compensation Origination fees Loans held for sale Core deposit intangible Limited partnership investments Unrealized loss on investment securities available-for-sale Other Total deferred tax asset Components of the deferred tax liability Depreciation ) ) Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Limited partnership investments ) Goodwill ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to management's judgment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Based on the temporary taxable items, historical taxable income and estimates of future taxable income, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 will be realized and therefore valuation allowance is warranted. 
 The net deferred income tax asset is included in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Based on management's evaluation, management has concluded that there were no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company's financial statements at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company is subject to income tax at the federal level and in the state of New Hampshire. Although the Company is not currently the subject of an examination by any taxing authority, the Company's tax years ended December 31, 2019 through 2021 are open to examination under applicable statutes of limitation. The 2022 tax return has not yet been filed. 
 
 The Company may from time to time be assessed interest and/or penalties by federal or state tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to the Company's financial results. In the event that the Company receives an assessment for interest and/or penalties, it will be classified in the financial statements as Other expenses. 

Note 15. 
 
 of the first of the compensation contributed. All employees meeting service requirements are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan. Union may make employer matching and profit-sharing contributions to the 401(k) plan at the discretion of the Board. Company contributions are fully vested after of service. The 401(k) plan includes "Safe Harbor" provisions requiring annual nondiscretionary minimum contributions to the 401(k) plan for all eligible participants in an amount equal to of eligible earnings of each eligible participant. Additionally, in 2022 and 2021 a discretionary profit-sharing contribution was made to the 401(k) plan in an amount equal to percent of each employee's eligible earnings, as defined by the 401(k) plan. 

71 

Profit sharing Safe harbor Total 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans: The Company and Union have two nonqualified deferred compensation plans for directors and certain key officers, referred to in this Note as the 2008 Plan and the 2020 Plan. The Company accrued an expense of thousand in 2022 and 2021 under the 2008 Plan. The benefit obligations under the 2008 Plan represent general unsecured obligations of the Company and no assets are segregated for such payments. However, the Company and Union have purchased life insurance contracts on the lives of each participant in order to recoup the funding costs of these benefits. The benefits accrued under the 2008 Plan aggregated thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Accrued interest and other liabilities. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies purchased to recoup the funding costs under the 2008 Plan aggregated thousand and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Company-owned life insurance in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The 2020 Plan, which amended and restated an earlier plan adopted in 2006, provides a means by which participants may elect to defer receipt of current compensation from the Company or its subsidiary in order to provide retirement or other benefits as selected in the individual adoption agreements. Although the Plan did not originally allow for employer contributions, the Board subsequently determined that employer contributions may be appropriate in certain circumstances and accordingly amended and restated the plan effective February 1, 2020 to permit such contributions. Participants may select among designated reference investments consisting of investment funds, with the performance of the participant's account mirroring the selected reference investment. Distributions are made only upon a qualifying distribution event, which may include a separation from service, death, disability or unforeseeable emergency, or upon a date specified in the participant's deferral election form. The 2020 Plan is unfunded, representing general unsecured obligations of the Company of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Accrued interest and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, including employer contributions of thousand and thousand accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 16. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock are available for equity awards of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and RSUs to eligible officers and (except for awards of incentive stock options) nonemployee directors. Shares available for issuance of awards under the 2014 Equity Plan consist of unissued shares of the Company s common stock and/or shares held in treasury. As of December 31, 2022, the only outstanding grants under the plan consisted of RSUs, as described in the table below. 
 
 RSUs. Each RSU represents the right to receive share of the Company's common stock upon satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions. For each of the awards granted in 2022 and 2021, of the RSUs awarded were in the form of Time-Based RSUs, which vest over , approximately one-third per year on the anniversary of the earned date; and of the RSUs awarded were in the form of Performance-Based RSUs, which are subject to both performance and time based vesting conditions, with vesting of awards over , approximately one-half per year on the anniversary of the earned date. Prior to vesting, the RSUs do not earn dividends or dividend equivalents, nor do they bear any voting rights. 
 
 2022 Award Total 
 
 72 

thousand and thousand, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On May 18, 2022, the Company's board of directors, as a component of total director compensation, granted an aggregate of RSUs to the Company's non-employee directors. Each RSU represents the right to receive share of the Company's common stock upon satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions. The RSUs will vest in May 2023, subject to continued board service through the vesting date, other than in the case of the director's death or disability. Prior to vesting, the RSUs do not earn dividends or dividend equivalents, nor do they bear any voting rights. Director compensation expense related to this award is estimated to be thousand of which thousand has been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Stock options. 
 Number of shares exercised Weighted average price per share Total intrinsic value of options exercised 
 There were options issued under the 2014 Equity Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and compensation cost relating to options charged to income in 2022 or 2021. There were stock options outstanding under the 2014 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Note 17. 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic EPS Dilutive effect of stock-based awards (1) Weighted-average common and potential common shares for diluted EPS Earnings per common share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Dilutive effect of stock based awards represents the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units. Unvested awards do not have dividend or dividend equivalent rights. 

Note 18. 
 
 thousand and million, respectively. The fair value adjustment of these commitments is not material to the Company's financial statements. 
 Such instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheet. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments and the potential impact on the Company's future financial position, financial performance and cash flow. 
 73 

Unused lines of credit Standby and commercial letters of credit Credit card arrangements MPF credit enhancement obligation, net (See Note 19) Commitment to purchase investment in a real estate limited partnership Total 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer at either a fixed or variable interest rate as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates within 90 days of the commitment. Unused lines of credit are generally renewable at least annually except for home equity lines which usually have a specified draw period followed by a specified repayment period. Unused lines may have other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. 
 Since many of the commitments and lines are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company, upon issuance of a commitment to extend credit is based on management's credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are issued to support the customer's private borrowing arrangements or guarantee the customer's contractual performance on behalf of a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers and the Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The fair value of standby letters of credit has not been included in the Company's consolidated balance sheet for either year as the fair value is immaterial. 
 The Company did not hold or issue derivative instruments or hedging instruments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Note 19. 
 million and million in loans through the MPF program since inception of its participation in the program, with an outstanding principal balance of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The volume of loans sold to the MPF program and the corresponding Credit Enhancement Obligation are closely monitored by management. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notional amount of the maximum contingent contractual liability related to this program was thousand and thousand, respectively, of which thousand had been recorded as a reserve through accrued interest and other liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 74 

Note 20. 
 
 Agency MBS State and political subdivisions Corporate Total debt securities Other investments: Mutual funds December 31, 2021: (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities available-for-sale Debt securities: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises Agency MBS State and political subdivisions Corporate Total debt securities Other investments: Mutual funds 
 
 There were no transfers in or out of Levels 1 and 2 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, nor were there any Level 3 assets at any time during those periods. Certain other assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition, such as collateral-dependent impaired loans and MSRs, were not considered material at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company has not elected to apply the fair value method to any 
 75 

Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans, net Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Accrued interest receivable Nonmarketable equity securities N/A N/A N/A N/A Financial liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Short-term borrowed funds Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable 
 76 

Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans, net Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Accrued interest receivable Nonmarketable equity securities N/A N/A N/A N/A Financial liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable 
 The carrying amounts in the preceding tables are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the applicable captions. 

Note 21. 
 
 New loans and advances on lines Repayments ) ) Other, net ) Balance, December 31, Balance available on lines of credit or loan commitments 
 77 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Union's Wealth Management Group also had invested thousand and thousand in certificates of deposit with Union at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 22. 
 
 and for the Company and Union, respectively. 
 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets N/A N/A Union: Total capital to risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital to average assets 
 78 

N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets N/A N/A Union: Total capital to risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets Tier 1 capital to average assets 
 
 Dividends paid by Union are the primary source of funds available to the Company for payment of dividends to its stockholders. Union is subject to certain requirements imposed by federal banking laws and regulations, which among other things, establish minimum levels of capital and restrict the amount of dividends that may be distributed by Union to the Company. 

Note 23. 
 
 shares of its common stock each calendar quarter in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, as management may deem advisable and as market conditions may warrant. The repurchase authorization for a calendar quarter expires at the end of that quarter to the extent it has not been exercised, and is not carried forward into future quarters. The quarterly repurchase program, which was initially adopted in 2010, was most recently reauthorized in January 2023 and will expire on December 31, 2023 unless reauthorized. The Company repurchased shares, at a total cost of thousand, under this program during 2022, while shares, at a total cost of thousand were repurchased under the program during 2021. Since inception, the Company had repurchased shares of its common stock as of December 31, 2022, at prices ranging from to per share and at a total cost of thousand. 
 The Company maintains a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRIP) whereby registered stockholders may elect to reinvest cash dividends and optional cash contributions to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has reserved shares of its common stock for issuance and sale under the DRIP. As of December 31, 2022, shares of stock had been issued from treasury stock under the DRIP, since inception of the Plan in 2016. 

Note 24. ) 

79 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains on investment securities AFS realized in net income ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net gains on sales of investment securities available-for-sale Tax expense Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications ) Net income 

Note 25. 
 
 per share for the quarter, an increase of from the cash dividend of paid in recent prior quarters. The dividend is payable February 2, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 28, 2023. 

80 

Note 26. 
 
 Other investments Investment in subsidiary - Union Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Subordinated notes Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares 
 issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares 
 at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The investment in subsidiary is carried under the equity method of accounting. The investment in subsidiary and cash, which is on deposit with Union, have been eliminated in consolidation. 

81 

Other income Total revenues Expenses Interest on subordinated notes Administrative and other Total expenses Income before applicable income tax benefit and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary Applicable income tax benefit ) ) Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary Equity in undistributed net income - Union Net income 
 
 82 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of Union ) ) Net losses (gains) on other investments ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Decrease in other assets (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investment in Union ) Purchases of other investments ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes Debt issuance costs incurred with issuance of subordinated notes ) Dividends paid ) ) Issuance of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash ) Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Dividends paid on Common Stock: Dividends declared Dividends reinvested ) ) 

83 

Note 27. 
 
 Interest expense Net interest income Noninterest income Noninterest expenses Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 Quarters in 2021 Ended March 31, June 30, Sept. 30, Dec 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest and dividend income Interest expense Net interest income Provision (credit) for loan losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expenses Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

Note 28. 

Professional fees ATM network and debit card expense FDIC insurance assessment Advertising and public relations Director and advisory board fees Other expenses Total other expenses 
 84 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted auditing standards, the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 24, 2023, expressed an unmodified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements, and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Maine n New Hampshire n Massachusetts n Connecticut n West Virginia n Arizona n Puerto Rico 
 berrydunn.com 
 85 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Page 2 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 
 As described in Notes 1, 6 and 7 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, the Company has a gross loan portfolio of 958.2 million and related allowance for loan losses of 8.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company's allowance for loan losses is a material and complex estimate requiring significant management judgment in the evaluation of the credit quality and the estimation of inherent losses within the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance for loan losses is based on management s periodic evaluation of the loan portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, estimated value of any underlying collateral,specific impaired loans and economic conditions. Changes in these assumptions could have a material effect on the Company s financial results. The allowance for loan losses includes a general reserve which is determined based on the results of a quantitative and a qualitative analysis of all loans not measured for impairment at the reporting date. 
 
 The general component of the allowance for loan losses is based on historical loss experience, adjusted for qualitative factors, for each class of loans with similar risk characteristics. The Company considers relevant credit quality indicators for each loan class, stratifies loans by risk rating, and estimates losses for each loan class based upon their nature and risk profile. This process requires significant management judgment in the review of the loan portfolio and assignment of risk ratings based upon the characteristics of loans. The qualitative factors determined for each loan class are subjectively selected by management using certain objective measurements period over period. The qualitative factors are adjusted based on management s assessment and include changes in loan underwriting, economic and market conditions, portfolio composition, collateral values, delinquencies, lender experience and legal and regulatory issues. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design of controls relating to management's review of loans, assignment of risk ratings,and consistency of application of accounting policies. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and sources of data used by management in forming the qualitative loss factors by performing retrospective review of historic loan loss experience and analyzing data used in developing the assumptions, including assessment of whether there were additional qualitative considerations relevant to the loan portfolio. 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of inputs and factors that the Company used in forming the qualitative loss factors and assessing whether such inputs and factors were relevant, reliable, and reasonable for the purpose used. 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the Company's loan risk rating policy and testing the consistency of its application. 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of specific reserves for impaired loans. 
 Verifying the mathematical accuracy and computation of the allowance for loan losses by re-performing or independently calculating significant elements of the allowance for loan losses based on relevant source documents. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 Vermont Registration No. 92-0000278 
 PCAOB registration No. 
 86 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of the Disclosure Control Committee, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation they concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with the Commission is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required information. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on the evaluation, the Company's management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to permanent relief from such requirement accorded to smaller reporting companies. 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls over financial reporting. While the Company believes that its existing disclosure controls and procedures have been effective to accomplish these objectives, the Company intends to continue to examine, refine and formalize its disclosure controls and procedures and to monitor ongoing developments in this area. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following information from the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference: 
 Listing of the names, ages, principal occupations, business experience and specific qualifications of the directors and nominees under the caption PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS . 
 Listing of the names, ages, titles and business experience of the executive officers and named executives under the caption EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and, with respect to the named executive officers who are also directors, under the caption "PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS". 
 Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 under the caption SHARE OWNERSHIP INFORMATION - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports . 
 Information regarding the composition and meetings of the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee financial expert, under the caption "PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS - Board Committees and Corporate Governance - Audit Committee." 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and the Chief Executive Officer and a Code of Ethics for all directors, officers and employees. A request for a copy of either of the Company's Codes of Ethics can be made either in writing to Kristy Adams Alfieri, Assistant Corporate Secretary, Union Bankshares, Inc., PO Box 667, Morrisville, VT 05661, 
 87 

or by email at ubexec@unionbankvt.com. A copy can also be found on the Company's investor relations page accessed via Union Bank's website at www.ublocal.com . The Company will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of provisions of its Codes of Ethics in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC including posting the codes on the Company's investor relations page accessed via Union Bank's website at www.ublocal.com . 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The following information from the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference: 
 Information regarding compensation of directors under the caption PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS - Directors' Compensation. 
 Information regarding executive officer and named executive compensation and benefit plans under the captions - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION and "COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT." 
 Information regarding management interlocks and certain transactions is omitted, in accordance with the regulatory relief available to smaller reporting companies in Release Nos. 33-10513 and 34-83550. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following information from the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference: 
 Information regarding the share ownership of management and principal shareholders under the caption SHARE OWNERSHIP INFORMATION - Share Ownership of Management and Principal Holders. 
 The following table summarizes certain information regarding securities available for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of December 31, 2022: 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (1) (b) (2) (c) (3) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 10,890 87,383 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 10,890 87,383 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Represents shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units RSUs granted under the 2014 Equity Plan, as amended for which performance conditions have been satisfied but which are also subject to time-based vesting conditions. 
 (2) There were no outstanding stock options; RSUs not included as they do not include an exercise price. 
 (3) All of such shares are available for issuance pursuant to future awards under the 2014 Equity Plan, as amended. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The following information from the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference: 
 Information regarding transactions with management and directors under the caption PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS - Transactions with Management and Directors. 
 Information regarding Director independence under the caption "PROPOSAL I: TO ELECT DIRECTORS - Director Independence." 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The following information from the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is hereby incorporated by reference: 
 88 

Information on fees paid to the Independent Auditors set forth under the caption PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS - Audit Fees. 
 Description of Audit Committee pre-approval guidelines set forth under the caption PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS - Audit Committee Preapproval Guidelines. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report: 
 (1) The following consolidated financial statements are included: 
 1) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 4) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 6) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (2) All Financial Statement Schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 89 

(b) The following exhibits are either filed herewith as part of this report, or are incorporated herein by reference: 
 Item No: 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Union Bankshares, Inc. (as of August 1, 2007), previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's June 30, 2007 Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 3.2 
 Bylaws of Union Bankshares, Inc., as amended and restated, previously filed with the Commission on March 18, 2021 as Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 4.1 
 Description of Common Stock, previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's 2019 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 4.2 
 Form of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures Due 2031 (Qualified Institutional Buyers), previously filed with the Commission on August 27,2021 as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.3 
 Form of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures Due 2031 (Accredited Investors), previously filed with the Commission on August 27,2021 as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.1 
 2008 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan of Union Bankshares, previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.2 
 2020 Amended and Restated Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan of Union Bankshares Inc. and Subsidiary, previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's 2020 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.3 
 First Amendment to the Union Bankshares, Inc. Executive Nonqualified Excess Plan, previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's 2008 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.4 
 Short Term Incentive Performance Plan, previously filed with the Commission on February 9, 2012 as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.5 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, previously filed with the Commission on April 12, 2022 at pages A-1 through A-20 of the definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Union s Shareholders, and incorporated herein by reference. 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement dated August 18, 2021, between Union Bank and David S. Silverman, and joined in by the Company, previously filed with the Commission on August 24, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.7 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement dated August 18, 2021, between Union Bank and Karyn J. Hale, and joined in by the Company, previously filed with the Commission on August 24, 2021 as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.8 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement dated August 18, 2021, between Union Bank and each of four senior managers of Union Bank, and joined in by the Company, previously filed with the Commission on August 24, 2021 as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.9 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Company's 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's 2020 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.10 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement dated March 1, 2020 between David S. Silverman and Union Bank, previously filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's 2020 Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 10.11 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of August 26, 2021 between the Company and the several Note Purchasers, previously filed with the Commission on August 27, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 
 Consent of Berry Dunn McNeil Parker, LLC 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the audited consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the audited consolidated statements of comprehensive income, (iv) the audited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (v) the audited consolidated statements of cash flows and (vi) related notes. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________ 
 denotes compensatory plan or agreement 
 90 

This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 (c) Not applicable. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, as of March 24, 2023. 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 By: /s/ David S. Silverman By: /s/ Karyn J. Hale David S. Silverman Karyn J. Hale Chief Executive Officer and President Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 24, 2023. 
 Name Title /s/ David S. Silverman Director, Chief Executive Officer and President David S. Silverman (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer Karyn J. Hale (Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) /s/ Cornelius J. Van Dyke Director, Chairman of the Board Cornelius J. Van Dyke /s/ Timothy W. Sargent Director, Vice Chairman of the Board Timothy W. Sargent /s/ Joel S. Bourassa Director Joel S. Bourassa /s/ Dawn D. Bugbee Director Dawn D. Bugbee /s/ Nancy C. Putnam Director Nancy C. Putnam /s/ Gregory D. Sargent Director Gregory D. Sargent /s/ Janet P. Spitler Director Janet P. Spitler 
 91 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 23.1 
 Consent of Berry Dunn McNeil Parker, LLC 31.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the audited consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) the audited consolidated statements of comprehensive income, (iv) the audited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (v) the audited consolidated statements of cash flows and (vi) related notes. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ____________________ 
 other than exhibits incorporated by reference to prior filings. 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 92 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a123122exhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 
 Wholly-owned subsidiary of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 Union Bank, incorporated in the State of Vermont. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a123122exhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the inclusion in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Union Bankshares, Inc. of our report dated March 24, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in the 2022 Annual Report to Shareholders of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-209815) pertaining to the Union Bankshares, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-266281) pertaining to the Union Bankshares, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, of our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements, incorporated therein by reference, of Union Bankshares, Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Manchester, New Hampshire 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Vermont Registration No. 92-0000278 

Maine n New Hampshire n Massachusetts n Connecticut n West Virginia n Arizona n Puerto Rico 
 berrydunn.com 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a123122exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, David S. Silverman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluations 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 
 s David S. Silverman David S. Silverman Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a123122exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Karyn J. Hale, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluations 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 
 s Karyn J. Hale Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a123122exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of his knowledge 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s David S. Silverman David S. Silverman Chief Executive Officer 

March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a123122exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of his knowledge 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s Karyn J. Hale Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer 

March 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 unb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 unb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 unb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 unb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 unb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

