<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_767405_0001213900-23-018266.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12814879</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293226</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2183811</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4237407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2813810</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2797880</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-018266.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307163847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-018266
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SB FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000767405
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				341395608
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36785
		FILM NUMBER:		23713148

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CLINTON ST
		CITY:			DEFIANCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4197838930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 CLINTON STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 467
		CITY:			DEFIANCE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RURBAN FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-018266.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_sbfinancial.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

2022
SB Financial Group, Inc. 10-K 

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , 	 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which The Stock Market, LLC (NASDAQ Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Not
Applicable 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. Smaller Reporting Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

The
aggregate market value of the common shares of the registrant held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of
the common shares as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter) was million. For this purpose, executive officers and directors of the registrant
are considered affiliates. 

The
number of common shares of the registrant outstanding at February 24, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023 are incorporated
by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

SB
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

2022
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 
 Supplemental Item: Information about our Executive Officers 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 49 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 50 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 50 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 53 

Signatures 
 
 58 

i 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business . 

Certain
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Information under Item 1A. Risk Factors on page 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

General 

SB
Financial Group, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), is a financial holding company subject to regulation under the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and to inspection, examination and supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). The Company was organized in 1983. The executive offices of the Company are
located at 401 Clinton Street, Defiance, Ohio 43512. 

Through
its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in a variety of financial activities, including commercial banking, and
wealth management services, as explained in more detail below. 

State
Bank and Trust Company 

The
State Bank and Trust Company State Bank is an Ohio state-chartered bank and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. State
Bank offers a full range of commercial banking services, including checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and time
certificates of deposit; automatic teller machines; commercial, consumer, agricultural and residential mortgage loans; personal and corporate
trust services; commercial leasing; bank credit card services; safe deposit box rentals; internet banking; private client group services;
and other personalized banking services. The trust and financial services division of State Bank offers various trust and financial services,
including asset management services for individuals and corporate employee benefit plans, as well as brokerage services through Cetera
Investment Services, an unaffiliated company. State Bank presently operates 22 banking centers, located within the Ohio counties of Allen,
Defiance, Franklin, Fulton, Hancock, Lucas, Paulding, Williams and Wood, and one banking center located in Allen County, Indiana. State
Bank also presently operates six loan production offices, located in Franklin and Lucas Counties, Ohio, Boone, Hamilton and Steuben Counties,
Indiana, and Monroe County, Michigan. At December 31, 2022, State Bank had 257 full-time equivalent employees. 

SBFG
Title, LLC 

SBFG
Title, LLC dba Peak Title Agency SBFG Title was formed as an Ohio limited liability company in January 2019 and purchased
all of the assets and real estate of an Ohio-based title agency effective March 15, 2019. SBFG Title provides title insurance and operates
three locations located within the Ohio Counties of Franklin and Williams, and in Hamilton County, Indiana. At December 31, 2022, SBFG
Title had 11 full- time equivalent employees. 

RFCBC 

RFCBC,
Inc. RFCBC is an Ohio corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that was incorporated in August 2004. RFCBC
operates as a loan subsidiary in servicing and working out problem loans and is presently inactive. At December 31, 2022, RFCBC had no
employees. 

Rurbanc
Data Services 

Rurbanc
Data Services, Inc. dba RDSI Banking Systems RDSI was formed in 1964 and became an Ohio corporation in June 1976. In
September 2006, RDSI acquired Diverse Computer Marketers, Inc. DCM ), which was merged into RDSI effective December 31,
2007. Effective January 1, 2018, the Company completed the sale of the customer contracts and certain other assets of RDSI s remaining
check and statement processing business operated through the DCM division. As a result of the sale, RDSI is presently inactive and had
no employees at December 31, 2022. 

1 

Rurban
Mortgage Company 

Rurban
Mortgage Company RMC is an Ohio corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of State Bank. RMC is a mortgage company and
is presently inactive. At December 31, 2022, RMC had no employees. 

SBT
Insurance 

SBT
Insurance, LLC SBI is an Ohio corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of State Bank. SBI is an insurance company that
engages in the sale of insurance products to retail and commercial customers of State Bank. At December 31, 2022, SBI had no employees. 

SB
Captive 

SB
Captive, Inc. SB Captive is a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SB Financial Group, Inc. SB Captive is
a self-insurance company that provides coverage to State Bank and SB Financial Group. The purpose of the SB Captive is to mitigate insurance
risk by participating in a pool with other banks. At December 31, 2022, SB Captive had no employees. 

Rurban
Statutory Trust II 

Rurban
Statutory Trust II RST II is a trust that was organized in August 2005. In September 2005, RST II closed a pooled private
offering of 10,000 Capital Securities with a liquidation amount of 1,000 per security. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to the
Company in exchange for junior subordinated debentures with terms similar to the Capital Securities. The sole assets of RST II are the
junior subordinated debentures and the back-up obligations, which in the aggregate, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by
the Company of the obligations of RST II under the Capital Securities. 

Competition 

The
Company experiences significant competition in attracting depositors and borrowers. Competition in lending activities comes principally
from other commercial banks in the lending areas of State Bank, and to a lesser extent, from savings associations, insurance companies,
governmental agencies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms and pension funds. The primary factors in competing for loans are interest
rates and overall banking services. 

State
Bank s competition for deposits comes from other commercial banks, savings associations, money market funds and credit unions as
well as from insurance companies and securities brokerage firms. The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates paid
on deposits and convenience of office location. State Bank operates in the highly competitive wealth management services field and its
competition consists primarily of other bank wealth management departments. 

Supervision
and Regulation 

The
following is a summary discussion of the significant statutes and regulations applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. This discussion
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations and policies that are described. Also, such statutes,
regulations and policies are continually under review by the U.S. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies.
A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or its subsidiaries could have a material effect on
our business. 

2 

Regulation
of Bank Holding Companies and Their Subsidiaries in General 

The
Company is a financial holding company and, as such, is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the Bank Holding Company Act ). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of, and examination and
regulation by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). The FRB has extensive enforcement
authority over bank holding companies, including, without limitation, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and
desist or removal orders, and require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries, including its subsidiary banks. In general,
the FRB may initiate enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and for unsafe or unsound practices. A bank holding
company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with extensions of credit
and/or the provision of other property or services to a customer by the bank holding company or its subsidiaries. 

The
Bank Holding Company Act requires the prior approval of the FRB before a financial or bank holding company may acquire direct or indirect
ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any bank (unless the bank is already majority owned by the bank holding
company), acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company, or merge or consolidate
with any other bank holding company. Subject to certain exceptions, the Bank Holding Company Act also prohibits a financial or bank holding
company from acquiring 5 percent or more of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other
than banking or managing or controlling banks. The primary exception to this prohibition allows a bank holding company to own shares
in any company the activities of which the FRB had determined, as of November 19, 1999, to be so closely related to banking as to be
a proper incident thereto. 

In
April 2020, the FRB adopted a final rule to revise its regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to
exercise a controlling influence over another company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act. The final rule expands and codifies
the presumptions for use in such determinations. By codifying the presumptions, the final rule provides greater transparency on the types
of relationships that the FRB generally views as supporting a facts-and-circumstances determination that one company controls another
company. The FRB s final rule applies to questions of control under the Bank Holding Company Act, but does not extend to the Change
in Bank Control Act. 

As
a result of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, also known as the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, which amended the Bank
Holding Company Act, bank holding companies that are financial holding companies may engage in any activity, or acquire and retain the
shares of a company engaged in any activity, that is either (1) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity (as determined
by the FRB in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury), or (2) complementary to a financial activity, and that does not pose
a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. Activities that are financial
in nature include securities underwriting dealing and market- making, insurance underwriting and agency, and merchant banking activities.
On January 2, 2019, the Company elected, and received approval from the FRB, to become a financial holding company. 

Various
requirements and restrictions under the laws of the United States and the State of Ohio affect the operations of State Bank, including
requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the nature and amount of loans that may be made and the interest
that may be charged thereon, restrictions relating to investments and other activities, limitations on credit exposure to correspondent
banks, limitations on activities based on capital and surplus, limitations on payment of dividends, and limitations on branching. 

Various
consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of State Bank. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which regulates
consumer financial products and services and certain financial services providers. The CFPB is authorized to prevent unfair, deceptive
or abusive acts or practices and ensures consistent enforcement of laws so that consumers have access to fair, transparent and competitive
markets for consumer financial products and services. Since it was established, the CFPB has exercised extensively its rulemaking and
interpretative authority. 

The
Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB provide credit to their members in the form of advances. As a member of the FHLB of Cincinnati,
State Bank must maintain certain minimum investments in the capital stock of the FHLB of Cincinnati. State Bank was in compliance with
these requirements at December 31, 2022. 

3 

Economic
Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act 

On
May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act was enacted,
which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased restrictions on all but the largest banks (those with consolidated
assets in excess of 250 billion). Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including the Company,
are no longer subject to enhanced prudential standards. The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with
consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including the Company, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements.
Certain other regulatory requirements applied only to banks with consolidated assets in excess of 50 billion and so did not apply to
the Company even before the enactment of the Regulatory Relief Act. 

Restrictions
on Dividends 

There
can be no assurance as to the amount of dividends which may be declared in future periods with respect to the common shares of the Company,
since such dividends are subject to the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, cash needs, and general business conditions,
dividends from the Company s subsidiaries and applicable governmental regulations and policies. 

The
ability of the Company to obtain funds for the payment of dividends and for other cash requirements is largely dependent on the amount
of dividends that may be declared by State Bank and the Company s other subsidiaries. State Bank may not pay dividends to the Company
if, after paying such dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels under the risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum
leverage ratio requirements. In addition, State Bank must obtain the approval of the FRB and the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions
(the ODFI if a dividend in any year would cause the total dividends for that year to exceed the sum of the current year s
net profits and the retained net profits for the preceding two years, less required transfers to surplus. At December 31, 2022, State
Bank had 18.9 million of excess earnings over the preceding three years. 

Payment
of dividends by State Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the regulatory authorities, if they deem such dividends
to constitute an unsafe and/or unsound banking practice. Moreover, the FRB expects the Company to serve as a source of strength to its
subsidiary banks, which may require it to retain capital for further investment in the subsidiary, rather than for dividends to shareholders
of the Company. 

The
Company s ability to pay dividends on its shares is also conditioned upon the payment, on a current basis, of quarterly interest
payments on the subordinated debentures underlying the Company s trust preferred securities. In addition, under the terms of the
Company s fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt, the Company s ability to pay dividends on its shares is conditioned upon
the Company continuing to make required principal and interest payments, and not incurring an event of default, with respect to the subordinated
debt. 

Transactions
with Affiliates and Insiders 

The
Company and State Bank are separate and distinct legal entities. The FRB s Regulation W and various other legal limitations restrict
State Bank from lending funds to, or engaging in other covered transactions with, the Company (or any other affiliate),
generally limiting such covered transactions with any one affiliate to 10 percent of State Bank s capital and surplus and limiting
all such covered transactions with all affiliates to 20 percent of State Bank s capital and surplus. Covered transactions, including
extensions of credit, sales of securities or assets and provision of services, also must be on terms and conditions consistent with safe
and sound banking practices, including credit standards, that are substantially the same or at least as favorable to State Bank as those
prevailing at the time for transactions with unaffiliated companies. 

A
bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and greater than 10 percent shareholders, as well as
entities such persons control, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated
thereunder by the FRB. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms (including interest rates charged and collateral
required) that are substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated individuals or be made as part of a benefit or
compensation program and on terms widely available to employees, and must not involve a greater than normal risk of repayment. In
addition, the amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and certain
approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 

4 

Federally
insured banks are subject, with certain exceptions, to certain additional restrictions (including collateralization) on extensions of
credit to their parent holding companies or other affiliates, on investments in the stock or other securities of affiliates and on the
taking of such stock or securities as collateral from any borrower. In addition, such banks are prohibited from engaging in certain tying
arrangements in connection with any extension of credit or the providing of any property or service. 

COVID-19
Legislation and Initiatives 

In
response to the novel COVID-19 pandemic COVID-19 ), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, as
amended (the CARES Act ), was signed into law on March 27, 2020, to provide national emergency economic relief measures.
Many of the CARES Act s programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions, such as the Company
and State Bank, and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S.
Department of Treasury, the FRB and other federal banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over the Company
and State Bank. Furthermore, as COVID-19 evolves, federal regulatory authorities continue to issue additional guidance with respect to
the implementation, lifecycle, and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs as well as industry-specific recovery
procedures for COVID-19. In addition, it is possible that Congress will enact supplementary COVID-19 response legislation, including
amendments to the CARES Act or new bills comparable in scope to the CARES Act. For example, on December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2021 (the CAA was signed into law, which, among other things, allowed certain banks to temporarily postpone implementation
of the current expected credit loss model (accounting standard), which is described below. The Company is continuing to assess the impact
of the CARES Act and other statues, regulations and supervisory guidance related to COVID-19. 

The
CARES Act amended the loan program of the Small Business Administration (the SBA ), in which State Bank participates, to
create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), to fund operational costs of eligible
businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during COVID-19. These loans are eligible to be forgiven if certain conditions are
satisfied and are fully guaranteed by the SBA. In June 2020, the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act was enacted, which, among
other things, gave borrowers additional time and flexibility to use PPP loan proceeds. After previously being extended by Congress, the
application deadline for PPP loans expired on May 31, 2021. No collateral or personal guarantees were required for PPP loans. In addition,
neither the government nor lenders have been permitted to charge the recipients of PPP loans any fees. On December 27, 2020, the President
signed into law the CAA, which included the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act (the HHSB Act ).
Among other things, the HHSB Act renewed the PPP, allocating 284.45 billion for both new first-time PPP loans under the existing PPP
and the expansion of existing PPP loans for certain qualified, existing PPP borrowers. In addition to extending and amending the PPP,
the HHSB Act also creates a new grant program for shuttered venue operators . As a participating lender in the PPP, State
Bank continues to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related thereto. 

On
September 29, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that neutralizes the regulatory capital and liquidity coverage
ratio effects of participating in certain COVID-19 liquidity facilities due to the fact there is no credit or market risk in association
with exposures pledged to such facilities. As a result, the final rule supports the flow of credit to households and businesses affected
by COVID-19. 

On
December 2, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that provides temporary relief for specified
community banking organizations related to certain regulations and reporting requirements as a result, in large part, of their
growth in size from the response to COVID-19. Community banking organizations are subject to different rules and requirements based
on their risk profile and asset size. Due to their involvement in federal COVID-19 response programs (such as the PPP) and other
lending that supports the U.S. economy, many community banking organizations experienced rapid and unexpected increases in their
sizes, which were generally expected to be temporary. The temporary increase in size could have subjected community banking
organizations to new regulations or reporting requirements. However, community banking organizations with assets approaching the
 10.0 billion asset threshold and that would otherwise have become subject to additional regulatory requirements upon crossing such
threshold, including requirements related to capital adequacy standards, debit card interchange fees and routing, and management
official interlocks, had until January 1, 2022 to either reduce their size or to prepare for the new regulatory and reporting
standards. 

5 

Regulatory
Capital 

The
risk-based capital guidelines adopted by the federal banking agencies are based on the International Convergence of Capital Measurement
and Capital Standard (Basel I), published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee ). In
July 2013, the United States banking regulators issued new capital rules applicable to smaller banking organizations which also implement
certain of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Community banking organizations, including
the Company and State Bank, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1, 2015. The new minimum capital requirements became effective
on January 1, 2015, whereas a new capital conservation buffer and deductions from common equity capital phased in from January 1, 2016
through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common equity tier 1 capital phased in from January 1, 2015 through January 1, 2019. 

The
Basel III Capital Rules include (a) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , (b) a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 ,
(c) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 , and (d) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 

Common
equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio generally includes common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated
other comprehensive income (unless an institution elects to exclude such income from regulatory capital), and limited amounts of minority
interests in the form of common stock, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 

Tier
1 capital generally includes common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred
stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but
which are not permitted going forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional Tier 1 capital instruments,
less certain deductions. 

Tier
2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, generally consists of other preferred stock and subordinated debt meeting
certain conditions plus limited amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to specified eligibility criteria, less applicable
deductions. 

The
deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing
assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital
instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). 

Under
the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet,
one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off- balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit
risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components,
risk weightings and other factors. 

The
Basel III Capital Rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary
bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 percent
composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative
in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 percent at the beginning of the quarter. 

6 

In
September 2019, the FRB, along with other federal bank regulatory agencies, issued a final rule, effective January 1, 2020, that gave
community banks, including the Company, the option to calculate a simple leverage ratio to measure capital adequacy if the community
banks met certain requirements. Under the rule, a community bank was eligible to elect the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework if it had less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures,
and a leverage ratio greater than 9.0 . Qualifying institutions that elected to use the CBLR framework (each, a CBLR Bank and that maintain a leverage ratio of greater than 9.0 will be considered to have satisfied the risk-based and leverage capital requirements
in the regulatory agencies generally applicable capital rules and to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements. No CBLR Bank
was required to calculate or report risk-based capital, and each CBLR Bank could opt out of the framework at any time, without restriction,
by reverting to the generally applicable risk-based capital rule. Pursuant to the CARES Act, on August 26, 2020, the federal banking
agencies adopted a final rule that temporarily lowered the CBLR threshold and provided a gradual transition back to the prior level.
Specifically, the CBLR threshold was reduced to 8.0 for the remainder of 2020, increased to 8.5 for 2021, and returned to 9.0 on January
1, 2022. This final rule became effective on October 1, 2020. The Company did not utilize the CBLR in assessing capital adequacy and
continued to follow existing capital rules. 

In
December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory capital treatment of credit loss allowances under
the current expected credit loss CECL model (accounting standard). The rule revises the federal banking agencies 
regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital
and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may
result from the adoption of the CECL model. The Company currently anticipates recording a one-time cumulative effect adjustment upon
adoption of CECL effective January 1, 2023, and does not anticipate utilizing the three-year phase in. The Company expects to maintain
risk-based capital ratios in excess of well- capitalized after the impact of the one-time cumulative effect adjustment. 

At
December 31, 2022, State Bank was in compliance with all of the regulatory capital requirements to which it was subject. For State Bank s
capital ratios, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item of 8 of this report (the Consolidated Financial
Statements ). 

The
FRB has adopted regulations governing prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of capital deficient and otherwise troubled state-chartered
member banks. At each successively lower defined capital category, a bank is subject to more restrictive and numerous mandatory or discretionary
regulatory actions or limits, and the FRB has less flexibility in determining how to resolve the problems of the institution. In addition,
the FRB generally can downgrade a bank s capital category, notwithstanding its capital level, if, after notice and opportunity
for hearings, the bank is deemed to be engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice, because it has not corrected deficiencies that resulted
in it receiving a less than satisfactory examination rating on matters other than capital or it is deemed to be in an unsafe or unsound
condition. State Bank s capital at December 31, 2022, met the standards for the highest capital category, a well- capitalized 
bank. 

In
April 2015, the FRB issued a final rule which increased the size limitation for qualifying bank holding companies under the FRB s
Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 500 million to 1 billion of total consolidated assets. In August 2018, the FRB issued
an interim final rule, as required by the Regulatory Relief Act, to further increase size limitations under the Small Bank Holding Company
Policy Statement to 3 billion of total consolidated assets. The Company continues to qualify under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy
Statement for exemption from the FRB s consolidated risk-based capital and leverage rules at the holding company level. 

Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation 

The
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC is an independent federal agency, which insures the deposits of federally
insured banks and savings associations up to certain prescribed limits and safeguards the safety and soundness of financial institutions.
The general insurance limit is 250,000 per separately insured depositor. This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the
United States government. 

7 

As
insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by insured institutions, including State Bank, to
prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines to pose a threat to the Deposit Insurance Fund (the
 DIF ), and to take enforcement actions against insured institutions. The FDIC may terminate insurance of deposits of any
institution if the FDIC finds that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition
or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or other regulatory agency. 

The
FDIC assesses a quarterly deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the insured institution
to the DIF, with institutions deemed less risky paying lower rates. Currently, assessments for institutions with less than 10 billion
of total assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical models that estimate the probability
of failure within three years. The FDIC may increase or decrease the range of assessments uniformly, except that no adjustments can deviate
more than two basis points from the base assessment without notice and comment rule making. The FDIC may also impose special assessments
in emergency situations, which fund the DIF. The FDIC has established 2 percent as the Designated Reserve Ratio DRR ),
which is the amount in the DIF as a percentage of all DIF insured deposits. In March 2016, the FDIC adopted final rules designed to meet
the statutory minimum DRR of 1.35 percent by September 30, 2020, the deadline imposed by the Dodd- Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank Act required
the FDIC to offset the effect on insured institutions with assets of less than 10 billion of the increase in the statutory minimum DRR
to 1.35 from the former statutory minimum of 1.15 . Although the FDIC s rules reduced assessment rates on all banks, they imposed a
surcharge on banks with assets of 10 billion or more to be paid until the DRR reached 1.35 .The DRR met the statutory minimum of 1.35 
on September 30, 2018. As a result, the previous surcharge imposed on banks with assets of 10 billion or more was lifted. In addition,
preliminary assessment credits have been determined by the FDIC for banks with assets of less than 10 billion, which had previously
contributed to the increase of the DRR to 1.35 . On June 30, 2019, the DRR reached 1.40 , and the FDIC applied credits for banks with
assets of less than 10 billion small bank credits beginning September 30, 2019. As of June 30, 2020, the DRR fell below
the minimum DRR to 1.30 . As a result, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan requiring the restoration of the DRR to 1.35 within eight
years (September 30, 2028). The FDIC rules further changed the method of determining risk-based assessment rates for established banks
with less than 10 billion in assets to better ensure that banks taking on greater risks pay more for deposit insurance than banks that
take on less risk. As of September 30, 2022, the DRR was 1.26 . Because the DRR remained below the statutory minimum, the FDIC adopted
a final rule in October 2022 increasing the assessment rate from three basis points to five basis points beginning with the first quarterly
assessment period of 2023. 

The
FDIC is authorized to prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity that poses a serious threat to the insurance fund
and may initiate enforcement actions against a bank, after first giving the institution s primary regulatory authority an opportunity
to take such action. The FDIC may also terminate the deposit insurance of any institution that has engaged in or is engaging in unsafe
or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, order or condition
imposed by the FDIC. 

Community
Reinvestment Act 

The
Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA requires State Bank s primary federal regulatory agency, the FRB, to assess
State Bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by State Bank. The FRB assigns one of four ratings: outstanding,
satisfactory; needs to improve or substantial noncompliance. The rating assigned to a financial institution is considered in connection
with various applications submitted by the financial institution or its holding company to its banking regulators, including applications
to acquire another financial institution or to open or close a branch office. In addition, all subsidiary banks of a financial holding
company must maintain a satisfactory or outstanding rating in order for the financial holding company to avoid limitations on its activities.
State Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recent CRA examination. 

8 

SEC
and NASDAQ Regulation 

The
Company is subject to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and certain state securities
authorities relating to the offering and sale of its securities. The Company is subject to the registration, reporting and other regulatory
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and the rules adopted by the SEC under those acts. The Company s common shares are listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ under the symbol SBFG . As a result, the Company is subject to NASDAQ rules and regulations applicable to listed companies. 

The
SEC has adopted rules and regulations governing, among other matters, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation,
and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. The SEC has also approved corporate governance rules promulgated by NASDAQ.
The Company has adopted and implemented a Code of Conduct and Ethics and a copy of that policy can be found on the Company s website
at www.YourSBFinancial.com by first clicking Corporate Governance and then Code of Conduct . The Company has
also adopted charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Governance and Nominating Committee, which charters
are available on the Company s website at www.YourSBFinancial.com by first clicking Corporate Governance and then
 Supplementary Info . 

USA
Patriot Act and Anti-Money Laundering Act 

The
Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot
Act gives the United States government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded
surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act encourages
information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative
obligations on a broad range of financial institutions. Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated
financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open
new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity.
State Bank has established policies and procedures that State Bank believes comply with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 

The
Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AMLA ), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (the BSA ), was enacted
in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws.
Among other things, it codifies a risk- based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development
of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement- related and investigation-related
authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower initiatives and protections. 

Office
of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 

The
U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions
against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and
others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. State Bank is responsible for, among other things, blocking
accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and
reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and
reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions
when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed
cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 

9 

Executive
and Incentive Compensation 

The
Dodd-Frank Act requires that the federal banking agencies, including the FRB and the FDIC, issue a rule related to incentive-based compensation.
No final rule implementing this provision of the Dodd-Frank Act has, as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
been adopted, but a proposed rule was published in 2016 that expanded upon a prior proposed rule published in 2011. The proposed rule
is intended to: (i) prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that the banking agencies determine could encourage certain financial
institutions to take inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss; (ii) require
the board of directors of those financial institutions to take certain oversight actions related to incentive-based compensation; and
(iii) require those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate
federal regulator. Although a final rule has not been issued, the Company has undertaken efforts to ensure that the Company s incentive
compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with the principles identified above. 

In
June 2010, the FRB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and the FDIC issued comprehensive final guidance
on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine
the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have
the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key
principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should 

(i)
provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii)
be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active
and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. These three principles are incorporated into the proposed joint compensation
regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, described above. 

The
FRB and the OCC review, as part of their respective regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements
of banking organizations, such as the Company and State Bank, that are not large, complex banking organizations. These
reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive
compensation arrangements. Deficiencies will be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s
ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive
compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness
and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 

Public
company compensation committee members must meet heightened independence requirements and consider the independence of compensation consultants,
legal counsel and other advisors to the compensation committee. A compensation committee must have the authority to hire advisors and
to have the public company fund reasonable compensation of such advisors. 

SEC
regulations require public companies to provide various disclosures about executive compensation in annual reports and proxy statements
and to present to their shareholders a non-binding vote on the approval of executive compensation. 

Public
companies will be required, once stock exchanges impose additional listing requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by
the SEC in October 2022, to adopt and implement clawback policies procedures for incentive compensation payments and to disclose
the details of the procedures which allow recovery of incentive compensation that was paid on the basis of erroneous financial information
necessitating a restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements. This clawback policy is intended to
apply to compensation paid within the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the issuer is required to prepare a
restatement and would cover all executives who received incentive awards. 

10 

Consumer
Protection Laws and Regulations 

Banks
are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal consumer protection statutes and regulations, including, but not
limited to, the following: 

The
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act (prohibiting discrimination in any credit transaction on the
 basis of any of various criteria); 

The
 Truth in Lending Act (requiring that credit terms are disclosed in a manner that permits
 a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably); 

The
 Fair Housing Act (making it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in housing-related lending
 activities against any person on the basis of certain criteria); 

The
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (requiring financial institutions to collect data that enables
 regulatory agencies to determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit
 needs of the communities in which they are located); 

The
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (requiring that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures
 regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices
 that increase borrowers costs); and 

Privacy
 provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (requiring financial institutions to establish policies
 and procedures to restrict the sharing of non-public customer data with non-affiliated parties
 and to protect customer information from unauthorized access). 

The
banking regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect
to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of a specific banking or consumer finance
law. 

Financial
Privacy Provisions 

Federal
and state regulations limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers
to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow
consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer
information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 

State
Bank is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe
the federal bank regulatory agencies expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program,
which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the
nature and scope of its activities. The standards set forth in the guidelines are intended to ensure the security and confidentiality
of customer records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records
and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience
to any customer. 

Cybersecurity 

In
March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions
should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes
also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing
Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is
expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the
financial institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected
to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring
data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber- attack. If State Bank fails to
observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 

11 

In
February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks
and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under
state and federal banking law and regulations. 

In
November 2021, the OCC, the FRB and the FDIC issued a final rule, which became effective in May 2022, requiring banking organizations
that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities. A computer-security incident occurs when actual or potential
harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information occurs, or there is a violation or
imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator
of the computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a computer-security incident
that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats
to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents. This rule also requires
bank service providers to notify their bank organization customers of a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably
likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 

Furthermore,
the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act, enacted in March 2022, will require, once administrative rules are adopted,
certain covered entities, including those in the financial services industry, to report a covered cyber incident to the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency CISA within 72 hours after a covered
entity reasonably believes an incident has occurred. Separate reporting to CISA will also be required within 24 hours if a ransom payment
is made as a result of a ransomware attack. 

State
regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several
states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements
with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their
data breach notification and data privacy requirements. The Company expects this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue,
and is continually monitoring developments in the states in which our customers are located. 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and
to store sensitive data. The Company employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes and technology
to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. The Company employs a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and
provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. The Company also regularly
invests in new products and technology to further enhance these tools and mechanisms. Notwithstanding the strength of the Company s
defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond
rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, the Company has not detected a significant compromise, significant data loss
or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, Company s systems and those of its customers and third-party
service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that the Company could experience a significant event in the future. Risks
and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature
and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based
products and services by us and our customers. 

Effect
of Environmental Regulation 

Compliance
with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment, has not had a material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the
Company and its subsidiaries. The Company believes that the nature of the operations of its subsidiaries has little, if any,
environmental impact. The Company, therefore, anticipates no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for
its current fiscal year or for the near future. The Company s subsidiaries may be required to make capital expenditures for
environmental control facilities related to properties which they may acquire through foreclosure proceedings in the future;
however, the amount of such capital expenditures, if any, is not currently determinable. 

12 

Effects
of Government Monetary Policy 

The
earnings of the Company are affected by general and local economic conditions and by the policies of various governmental regulatory
authorities. In particular, the FRB regulates money and credit conditions and interest rates to influence general economic conditions,
primarily through open market acquisitions or dispositions of United States Government securities, varying the discount rate on member
bank borrowings and setting reserve requirements against member and nonmember bank deposits. FRB monetary policies have had a significant
effect on the interest income and interest expense of commercial banks, including State Bank, and are expected to continue to do so in
the future. 

Human
Capital Resources 

Our
employees are vital to our success in the financial services industry. As a human-capital intensive business, the long-term success of
our company depends on our people. Our goal is to ensure that we have the right talent, in the right place, at the right time. We do
that through our commitment to attracting, developing and retaining our employees. 

We
strive to attract individuals who are people-focused and share our values. We have a comprehensive program dedicated to selecting new
talent and enhancing the skills of our employees. In our recruiting efforts, we strive to have a diverse group of candidates to consider
for our roles. 

We
have designed a compensation structure that we believe is attractive to our current and prospective employees. We also offer our employees
the opportunity to participate in a variety of professional and leadership development programs. Our programs include a variety of industry,
product, technical, professional, business development, leadership and regulatory topics. These programs are available online and in-person.
In addition, we encourage all employees to be involved in the communities we serve through various volunteer activities. 

We
seek to retain our employees by using their feedback to create and continually enhance programs that support their needs. We use company-wide
surveys to solicit feedback from our employees. We have a formal annual goal setting and performance review process for our employees.
We promote a values-based culture, an important factor in retaining our employees. Our training, to share and communicate our culture
to all employees, plays an important part in this process. We are committed to having a diverse workforce, and an inclusive work environment
is a natural extension of our culture. We are committed to ensuring that all our employees feel welcomed, valued, respected and heard
so that they can fully contribute their unique talents for the benefit of our customers, their careers, our company and our communities. 

We
monitor and evaluate various turnover and attrition metrics throughout our organization. Our annualized voluntary turnover is relatively
low, as is the case for turnover of our top performers, a record which we attribute to our strong values-based culture, commitment to
career development, and attractive compensation and benefit programs. 

The
Company employs approximately 268 full-time equivalent employees to whom a variety of benefits are provided. Management considers its
relationship with its employees to be good. 

13 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

Certain
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in other statements that we make from time to time in filings by the Company
with the SEC, in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of the Company which are not statements
of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Examples of forward-looking statements include: (a) projections of income or expense, earnings per share, the payment or non-payment
of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (b) statements of plans and objectives of the Company or our Board of Directors
or management, including those relating to products and services; (c) statements of future economic performance; (d) statements of future
customer attraction or retention; and (e) statements of assumptions underlying these statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our
expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events. These statements are generally identified by the use of forward-looking
words or phrases such as anticipates , believes , estimates , expects , intends ,
 may , plans , projects , should , will allow , will continue ,
 will likely result , will remain , would be , or similar expressions. 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies
to provide prospective information so long as those statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary
statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. We desire to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Act. 

Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements
because of various factors and possible events, including those factors discussed in the Risk Factors below. There is also the risk that
the Company s management or Board of Directors incorrectly analyzes these risks and forces, or that the strategies the Company
develops to address them are unsuccessful. 

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of that date on which they are made. Except as may be required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made. All forward-looking
statements attributable to the Company or any person acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by the following cautionary
statements. 

Risk
Factors 

The
following sets forth certain risk factors that we are believe are relevant to the Company and its business. These risk factors are not
presented in any particular order and do not constitute all of the risks that may affect our business. Additional risks that are not
presently known or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
or results of operations. 

Economic,
Market and Political Risks: 

Changes
in economic and political conditions could adversely affect our earnings through declines in deposits, loan demand, the ability of our
customers to repay loans and the value of collateral securing our loans. 

Our
success depends to a large extent upon local and national economic conditions, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies.
Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy, an increasing federal
government budget deficit, the failure of the federal government to raise the federal debt ceiling and/or possible future U.S.
government shutdowns over budget disagreements, slowing gross domestic product, tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant
renegotiation of trade agreements, trade wars, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our deposit levels and
composition, the quality of investment securities available for purchase, demand for loans, the ability of our borrowers to repay
their loans, and the value of the collateral securing loans made by us. Disruptions in U.S. and global financial markets, and
changes in oil production in the Middle East also affect the economy and stock prices in the U.S., which can affect our earnings
capital, as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans. Because we have a significant amount of real estate loans,
decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral and our ability to sell the
collateral upon foreclosure. Adverse changes in the economy may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make
timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows. In addition, our lending and
deposit gathering activities are concentrated primarily in Northwest Ohio. As a result, our success depends in large part on the
general economic conditions of these areas, particularly given that a significant portion of our lending relates to real estate
located in this region. Therefore, adverse changes in the economic conditions in these areas could adversely impact our earnings and
cash flows. 

14 

Instability
in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
macroeconomic environment in the U.S. is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. In addition, trade negotiations
between the U.S. and other nations remain uncertain and could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the Company and our
clients and counterparties. Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, on February 24, 2022, Russian
military forces invaded Ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region have occurred and remains likely to continue. Although
the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing war in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict has resulted, and could continue
to result, in significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources,
instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences,
as well as increases in cyberattacks and espionage. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions
could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and the Company s business for an unknown
period of time. Any of the above-mentioned events or disruptions could affect our business, financial condition and operating results,
and may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Form 10-K. 

We
may be unable to manage interest rate risks, which could reduce our net interest income. 

Our
results of operations are affected principally by net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on loans and investments
and interest expense paid on deposits and other borrowings. The spread between the yield on our interest-earning assets and our overall
cost of funds may be compressed, and our net interest income may continue to be adversely impacted by changing rates. We cannot predict
or control changes in interest rates. National, regional and local economic conditions and the policies of regulatory authorities, including
monetary policies of the FRB, affect the movement of interest rates and our interest income and interest expense. If the interest rates
paid on deposits and other borrowed funds increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments,
our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest
paid for deposits rises more quickly than the interest received on loans and other investments. 

In
addition, certain assets and liabilities may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. For example, interest rates
on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate prior to changes in broader market interest rates, while interest rates on other
types may lag behind. While the bulk of our variable rate commercial assets have interest rate floors, some of our assets, such as adjustable
rate mortgages, have features that restrict changes in their interest rates, including rate caps. 

We
believe that the impact on our cost of funds will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to, the competitive environment
in the banking sector for deposit pricing, opportunities for clients to invest in other markets such as fixed income and equity markets,
and the propensity of customers to invest in their businesses. The effect on our net interest income from a change in interest rates
will ultimately depend on the extent to which the aggregate impact of loan re-pricings exceeds the impact of increases in our cost of
funds. 

15 

Changes
in interest rates may affect the level of voluntary prepayments on our loans and may also affect the level of financing or refinancing
by customers. Changes in interest rates may also negatively affect the ability of the Company s borrowers to repay their loans,
particularly as interest rates rise and adjustable rate loans become more expensive. 

Interest
rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. Some of these factors include: inflation, recession, unemployment,
money supply, international disorders, and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. The Company s management uses
various measures to monitor interest rate risk and believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to
reduce the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on the Company s financial condition and results of operations.
Management also periodically adjusts the mix of assets and liabilities to manage interest rate risk. However, any significant, unexpected,
prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A
transition away from London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts could negatively
affect our income and expenses and the value of various financial contracts. 

LIBOR
has been used extensively in the U.S. and globally as a benchmark for various commercial and financial contracts, including adjustable
rate mortgages, corporate debt, interest rate swaps and other derivatives. LIBOR is set based on interest rate information reported by
certain banks after June 30, 2023. In the U.S., efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates are ongoing,
and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (the ARRC has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR as the set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates. SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward looking secured
rate rather than a forward looking unsecured rate. 

These
differences could lead to a greater disconnect between our costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and
loans, ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences
between SOFR and LIBOR. There are operational issues which may create a delay in the transition to SOFR or other substitute indices,
leading to uncertainty across the industry. These consequences cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market
value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit. 

The
Company s primary exposure to LIBOR relates to its promissory notes with borrowers, swap contracts with clients, offsetting swap
contracts with third parties related to the swap contracts with clients, and the Company s LIBOR-based borrowings (if any). The
Company s contracts generally include a LIBOR term (for example, one month, three month, or one year) plus an incremental margin
rate. The Company is working through this transition via an in-house project team. 

The
Company has 10.3 million in Trust Preferred Securities (TRUP) that were originated in 2005. These securities are part of a large pool
issued to community banks and have interest tied to LIBOR (see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The issuers of the
Trust Preferred Securities have proposed SOFR as a replacement rate for the LIBOR-based interest rate and will amend the TRUP documents
prior to LIBOR cessation. 

We
do not believe the change to a benchmark like SOFR will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

The
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and
results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted global, national and local economies, disrupted global and national supply chains, lowered
equity market valuations, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue
to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

16 

COVID-19,
including the spread of new variants thereof, or a new pandemic could subject us to any of the following risks, any of which could, individually
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: 

demand
 for our products and services may decline, making it difficult to grow assets and income; 

if
 the economy experiences new closures or downturns as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
 the spread of new variants thereof, or a new pandemic, loan delinquencies, problem assets,
 and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income; 

collateral
 for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to
 increase; 

our
 allowance for loan losses may have to be increased if borrowers experience financial difficulties
 beyond forbearance periods, which will adversely affect our net income; 

the
 net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor
 commitments to us; 

a
 prolonged weakness in economic conditions resulting in a reduction of future projected earnings
 could result in our recording a valuation allowance against our current outstanding deferred
 tax assets; 

we
 rely on third party vendors for certain services and the unavailability of a critical service
 due to COVID-19 or new pandemic could have an adverse effect on us; and 

adverse
 economic conditions could result in protracted volatility in the price of our common shares. 

We
continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 and related risks as they evolve. To the extent the effects of COVID-19 adversely
impact our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the
other risks described in this section. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations: 

If
our actual loan losses exceed our allowance for loan losses, our net income will decrease. 

Our
loan customers may not repay their loans according to their terms, and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient
to pay any remaining loan balance. We may experience significant loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we maintain an allowance for loan losses to
provide for loan defaults and non-performance, which when combined, we refer to as the allowance for loan losses. Our allowance for loan
losses may not be adequate to cover actual credit losses, and future provisions for credit losses could have a material adverse effect
on our operating results. Our allowance for loan losses is based on prior experience, as well as an evaluation of the risks in the current
portfolio. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest
rates that may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. Federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part
of their examination process, review our loans and allowance for loan losses. We cannot guarantee that we will not further increase the
allowance for loan losses or that regulators will not require us to increase this allowance. Either of these occurrences could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB has changed its requirements for establishing the allowance for loan
losses. On June 16, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ,
which replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, and is referred to as the CECL model. Under the incurred loss model,
loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally
contracted terms. Under the CECL model, financial institutions are required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable
forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The transition to the CECL model requires significantly greater data
requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected losses under the new parameters. If the methodologies and
assumptions that we use in the CECL model are proven to be incorrect or inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient,
resulting in the need for additional allowance for credit losses to be established, which could have a material adverse impact on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

The
new CECL accounting guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning
after December 15, 2019. However, the FASB deferred the effective date for this ASU for smaller reporting companies, such as the Company,
to annual reporting periods and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company
expects to recognize a one-time cumulative effect adjustment (increase) to the allowance for credit losses between 1.0 million and 2.0
million upon adoption as of January 1, 2023. In addition, the Company expects to establish a related reserve for unfunded commitments
of between 1.0 million and 2.0 million as of January 1, 2023. 

If
real estate markets or the economy in general deteriorate, State Bank may experience increased delinquencies and credit losses. The allowance
for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan- related losses. Additionally, banking regulators may require State Bank to
increase its allowance for loan losses in the future, which could have a negative effect on the Company s financial condition and
results of operations. Additions to the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net earnings and capital and could hinder
our ability to grow our assets. 

Any
significant increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge offs, including increases required by applicable regulatory authorities,
might have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our
success depends upon the continued service of our senior management team and upon our ability to attract and retain qualified financial
services personnel. Competition for qualified employees is intense. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our existing key
personnel or attract additional qualified personnel. If we lose the services of our key personnel, or are unable to attract additional
qualified personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
depend upon the accuracy and completeness of information about customers. 

In
deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers, we may rely on information provided to us by customers,
including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on representations of customers as to the accuracy and
completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding
whether to extend credit to a business, we may assume that the customer s audited financial statements conform to generally accepted
accounting principles and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
the customer, and we may also rely on the audit report covering those financial statements. Our financial condition and results of operations
could be negatively impacted to the extent we rely on financial statements that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles
or that are materially misleading. 

We
may not be able to grow, and if we do, we may have difficulty managing that growth. 

Our
business strategy is to continue to grow our assets and expand our operations, including through potential strategic acquisitions. Our
ability to grow depends, in part, upon our ability to expand our market share, successfully attract core deposits, and to identify loan
and investment opportunities as well as opportunities to generate fee-based income. We can provide no assurance that we will be successful
in increasing the volume of our loans and deposits at acceptable levels and upon terms acceptable to us. We also can provide no assurance
that we will be successful in expanding our operations organically or through strategic acquisitions while managing the costs and implementation
risks associated with this growth strategy. 

We
expect to continue to experience growth in the number of our employees and customers and the scope of our operations, but we may not
be able to sustain our historical rate of growth or continue to grow our business at all. Our success will depend upon the ability
of our officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve our operational and other systems, to manage multiple,
concurrent customer relationships, and to hire, train and manage our employees. In the event that we are unable to perform all these
tasks and meet these challenges effectively, including continuing to attract core deposits, our operations, and consequently our
earnings, could be adversely impacted. 

18 

Future
acquisitions or other expansion may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

In
the future, we may acquire other financial institutions or branches or assets of other financial institutions. We may also open new branches,
enter into new lines of business, or offer new products or services. Any such acquisition or expansion of our business will involve a
number of expenses and risks, which may include some or all of the following: 

the
 time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions or expansions; 

the
 potential inaccuracy of estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management
 and market risk with respect to target institutions; 

the
 time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring local management and opening new offices,
 and the delay between commencing these activities and the generation of profits from the
 expansion; 

any
 financing required in connection with an acquisition or expansion; 

the
 diversion of management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction and the integration
 of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; 

entry
 into unfamiliar markets and the introduction of new products and services into our existing
 business; 

the
 possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-
 term effects on our results of operations; and 

the
 risk of loss of key employees and customers. 

We
may incur substantial costs to expand, and we can give no assurance that such expansion will result in the levels of profits we expect.
Neither can we assure that integration efforts for any future acquisitions will be successful. We may issue equity securities in connection
with acquisitions, which could dilute the economic and voting interests of our existing shareholders. 

We
are exposed to a number of operational risks. 

We
are exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, cybersecurity risk, the risk of
fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping
errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. 

We
rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these
systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. 

Given
the volume of transactions we process, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified.
Our necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process our transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical
system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be
subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (for example, computer
viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to financial loss
or liability. We are further exposed to the risk that our external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or
will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as we are) and to the risk that our (or
our vendors consumer compliance, business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. 

19 

Negative
public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate
governance, acquisitions, social media and other marketing activities, and the implementation of environmental, social and
governance (ESG) practices, and from actions taken by governmental regulators and community organizations in response to any of the
foregoing activities. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to attract and keep customers, could expose us to
potential litigation and regulatory action, and could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares or result in
heightened volatility of our stock price. 

Our
information systems may experience an interruption or security breach. 

We
rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these
systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems.
While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach
of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they
do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems
could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil
litigation and possible financial liability. 

Unauthorized
disclosure of sensitive or confidential client information, or breaches in security of our systems, could severely harm our business. 

We
collect, process and store sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both third-party
service providers and us. State Bank s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process State Bank s transactions
poses the risk that technical system flaws, employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems, or attacks by third parties
will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. We have security and backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business
continuity plan, to ensure the computer systems will not be inoperable, to the extent possible. We also routinely review documentation
of such controls and backups related to third party service providers. Our inability to use or access these information systems at critical
points in time could unfavorably impact the timeliness and efficiency of our business operations. In recent years, some banks have experienced
denial of service attacks in which individuals or organizations flood the bank s website with extraordinarily high volumes of traffic,
with the goal and effect of disrupting the ability of the bank to process transactions. Other businesses have been victims of ransomware
attacks in which the business becomes unable to access its own information and is presented with a demand to pay a ransom in order to
once again have access to its information. 

We
could be adversely affected if one of our employees or a third-party service provider causes a significant operational breakdown or failure,
either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems.
State Bank is further exposed to the risk that the third-party service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations
(or will be subject to the same risks as we are). These disruptions may interfere with service to our customers, cause additional regulatory
scrutiny and result in a financial loss or liability. We are also at risk of the impact of natural disasters, terrorism and international
hostilities on our systems or for the effects of outages or other failures involving power or communications systems operated by others. 

Misconduct
by employees could include fraudulent, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of clients or improper use of confidential information.
We may not be able to prevent employee errors or misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect this type of activity might not be
effective in all cases. Employee errors or misconduct could subject us to civil claims for negligence or regulatory enforcement actions,
including fines and restrictions on our business. 

In
addition, there have been instances where financial institutions have been victims of fraudulent activity in which criminals pose as
customers to initiate wire and automated clearinghouse transactions out of customer accounts. Although we have policies and procedures
in place to verify the authenticity of our customers, we cannot assure that such policies and procedures will prevent all fraudulent
transfers. 

20 

We
have implemented security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our computer systems, and we require that our third-party
service providers maintain similar controls. However, the Company s management cannot be certain that these measures will be
successful. A security breach of the computer systems and loss of confidential information, such as customer account numbers and
related information, could result in a loss of customers confidence and, thus, loss of business. We could also lose revenue
if competitors gain access to confidential information about our business operations and use it to compete with us. While we
maintain specific cyber insurance coverage, which would apply in the event of various breach scenarios, the amount of
coverage may not be adequate in any particular case. Furthermore, because cyber threat scenarios are inherently difficult to predict
and can take many forms, some breaches may not be covered under our cyber insurance coverage. 

Further,
we may be affected by data breaches at retailers and other third parties who participate in data interchanges with us and our customers
that involve the theft of customer credit and debit card data, which may include the theft of our debit card PIN numbers and commercial
card information used to make purchases at such retailers and other third parties. Such data breaches could result in us incurring significant
expenses to reissue debit cards and cover losses, which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

There
can be no assurance that we will not suffer such cyber-attacks or other information security breaches (or attempted breaches), or incur
resulting losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving
nature of these threats, and our plans to continue to implement internet and mobile banking capabilities to meet customer demand. As
cyber and other data security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to
modify and enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 

All
of the types of cybersecurity incidents discussed above could result in damage to the Company s reputation, loss of customer business,
litigation, increased regulatory scrutiny and potential enforcement actions, repairs of system damage, increased investments in cybersecurity
(such as obtaining additional technology, making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel, training personnel and engaging
consultants), increased insurance premiums, and loss of investor confidence and a reduction in the price of our common shares, all of
which could result in financial loss and material adverse effects on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business could be adversely affected through third parties who perform significant operational services on our behalf. 

The
third parties performing operational services for the Company are subject to risks similar to those faced by the Company relating to
cybersecurity, breakdowns or failures of their own systems, or misconduct of their employees. Like many other community banks, State
Bank also relies, in significant part, on a single vendor for the systems which allow State Bank to provide banking services to State
Bank s customers. 

One
or more of the third parties utilized by us may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does
occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party. Certain of these third parties may
have limited indemnification obligations to us in the event of a cybersecurity event or operational disruption, or may not have the financial
capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. 

Financial
or operational difficulties of a third party provider could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with such third
party s ability to serve the Company. If a critical third-party provider is unable to meet the needs of the Company in a timely
manner, or if the services or products provided by such third party are terminated or otherwise delayed and if the Company is not able
to develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, our business could be materially adversely
effected. 

Additionally,
regulatory guidance adopted by federal banking regulators addressing how banks select, engage and manage their third-party relationships,
affects the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and the cost of managing such relationships. 

21 

Strong
competition within our market area may reduce our ability to attract and retain deposits and originate loans. 

We
face competition both in originating loans and in attracting deposits within our market area. We compete for clients by offering personal
service and competitive rates on our loans and deposit products. The type of institutions we compete with include large regional financial
institutions, community banks, thrifts and credit unions operating within our market areas. Nontraditional sources of competition for
loan and deposit dollars come from captive auto finance companies, mortgage banking companies, internet banks, brokerage companies, insurance
companies and direct mutual funds. As a result of their size and ability to achieve economies of scale, certain of our competitors offer
a broader range of products and services than we offer. We expect competition to remain intense in the future due to legislative, regulatory
and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. In addition, to stay competitive
in our markets we may need to adjust the interest rates on our products to match the rates offered by our competitors, which could adversely
affect our net interest margin. As a result, our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market
areas while achieving our investment objectives. 

We
may be required to repurchase loans we have sold or indemnify loan purchasers under the terms of the sale agreements, which could adversely
affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial statements. 

When
State Bank sells a mortgage loan, it agrees to repurchase or substitute a mortgage loan if it is later found to have breached any representation
or warranty State Bank made about the loan or if the borrower is later found to have committed fraud in connection with the origination
of the loan. While we have underwriting policies and procedures designed to avoid breaches of representations and warranties as well
as borrower fraud, there can be no assurance that no breach or fraud will ever occur. Required repurchases, substitutions or indemnifications
could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, results of operations and financial statements. 

We
are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 

A
significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we foreclose on and take
title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties.
If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage.
Environmental laws and evolving regulation may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property s
value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws and regulations or more stringent interpretations
or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws or regulations may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Environmental
reviews of real property before initiating foreclosure actions may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The
remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Legislative,
Legal and Regulatory Risks: 

FDIC
insurance premiums may increase materially, which could negatively affect our profitability. 

The
FDIC insures deposits at FDIC insured financial institutions, including State Bank. The FDIC charges the insured financial institutions
premiums to maintain the DIF at a certain level. During 2008 and 2009, there were higher levels of bank failures which dramatically increased
resolution costs of the FDIC and depleted the deposit insurance fund. The FDIC collected a special assessment in 2009 to replenish the
DIF and also required a prepayment of an estimated amount of future deposit insurance premiums. In October 2022 adopted a final rule
increasing the assessment rate from three basis points to five basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023.
The FDIC recently adopted rules revising the assessments in a manner benefiting banks with assets totaling less than 10 billion. There
can be no assurance, however, that assessments will not be changed in the future. 

22 

We
operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation
and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in, or failure to comply with the same, may adversely affect the Company. 

The
banking industry is highly regulated. We are subject to supervision, regulation and examination by various federal and state regulators,
including the FRB, the SEC, the CFPB, the FDIC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), and various state
regulatory agencies. The statutory and regulatory framework that governs the Company is generally designed to protect depositors and
customers, the DIF, the U.S. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole and not to protect shareholders. These laws
and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including
foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividends or distributions that we can pay, and impose certain specific accounting requirements
that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in capital than would otherwise be
required under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Compliance with laws and regulations can be
difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. Both the scope of the laws and regulations
and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years in response to the perceived state of the
financial services industry, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. Such regulation and supervision may increase
our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. Further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even
if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject the Company to restrictions on business activities,
fines, and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect results of operations, the capital base, and the price of our common
shares. Further, any new laws, rules, or regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect
our business and financial condition. 

Legislative
or regulatory changes or actions could adversely impact our business. 

The
financial services industry is extensively regulated. We are subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation
that govern almost all aspects of our operations. Laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the
protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the DIF and the banking system as a whole, and not to benefit our shareholders. 

Regulations
affecting banks and financial services businesses are undergoing continuous change, and management cannot predict the effect of these
changes. While such changes are generally intended to lessen the regulatory burden on financial institutions, the impact of any changes
to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact us or our ability to increase the value of our
business. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including
the imposition of restrictions on the operation of a financial institution, the classification of assets held by a financial institution,
the adequacy of a financial institution s allowance for loan losses and the ability to complete acquisitions. Additionally, actions
by regulatory agencies against us could cause us to devote significant time and resources to defending our business and may lead to penalties
that materially affect us and our shareholders. Even the reduction of regulatory restrictions could have an adverse effect on us and
our shareholders if such lessening of restrictions increases competition within our industry or our market area. 

Changes
in accounting standards could influence our results of operations. 

The
accounting standard setters, including the FASB, the SEC and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and
reporting standards that govern the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and
can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required
to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates,
actual results may vary materially from management s estimates. 

23 

In
June 2016, FASB issued a new accounting standard for recognizing current expected credit losses, commonly referred to as CECL. CECL will
result in earlier recognition of credit losses and requires consideration of not only past and current events but also reasonable and
supportable forecasts that affect collectability. The Company will be required to comply with the new standard in the first quarter of
2023. Upon adoption of CECL, credit loss allowances may increase, which would decrease retained earnings and regulatory capital. The
federal banking regulators have adopted a regulation that will allow banks to phase in the day-one impact of CECL on regulatory capital
over three years. The Company currently anticipates recording a one-time cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption of CECL effective
January 1, 2023, and will not be utilizing the three-year phase in. 

Noncompliance
with the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause a material financial loss. 

The
BSA and the Patriot Act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of
the U.S. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. The BSA, as amended by the Patriot Act, requires depository
institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the
identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds,
and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), a unit of the Treasury Department that administers the BSA, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties
for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies,
as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. The AMLA is intended to be
a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws, which includes a codified risk-based approach
to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal
processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement-related and investigation- related authority, including increasing available sanctions
for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections. 

There
is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). If the
Company s policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient, or if the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial
institutions that the Company has already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, the Company may be subject to liability,
including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on State Bank s ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain
regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which could negatively impact
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering
and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for the Company. 

We
may be the subject of litigation, which could result in legal liability and damage to our business and reputation. 

From
time to time, we may be subject to claims or legal action from customers, employees or others. Financial institutions like the Company
and State Bank are facing a growing number of significant class actions, including those based on the manner of calculation of interest
on loans and the assessment of overdraft fees. Future litigation could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages
or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. We are also involved from time to time in other reviews, investigations and proceedings
(both formal and informal) by governmental and other agencies regarding our business. These matters also could result in adverse judgments,
settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. Like other large financial institutions, we are also subject to risk from
potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information. 

Our
insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or
eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation exceed our insurance
coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may not be
able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate replacement policies
with acceptable terms, if at all. 

24 

We
could face legal and regulatory risk arising out of our residential mortgage business. 

Numerous
federal and state governmental, legislative and regulatory authorities are investigating practices in the business of mortgage and home
equity lending and servicing and in the mortgage-related insurance and reinsurance industries. We could face the risk of class actions,
other litigation and claims from: the owners of or purchasers of such loans originated or serviced by us, homeowners involved in foreclosure
proceedings or various mortgage-related insurance programs, downstream purchasers of homes sold after foreclosure, title insurers, and
other potential claimants. Included among these claims are claims from purchasers of mortgage and home equity loans seeking the repurchase
of loans where the loans allegedly breached origination covenants, representations, and warranties made to the purchasers in the purchase
and sale agreements. The CFPB has issued new rules for mortgage origination and mortgage servicing. Both the origination and servicing
rules create new private rights of action for consumers against lenders and servicers in the event of certain violations. 

Risks
Related to Our Capital and Common Shares: 

Our
ability to pay cash dividends is limited, and we may be unable to pay cash dividends in the future even if we elect to do so. 

We
are dependent primarily upon the earnings of our operating subsidiaries for funds to pay dividends on our common shares. The payment
of dividends by us is also subject to regulatory restrictions. As a result, any payment of dividends in the future will be dependent,
in large part, on our ability to satisfy these regulatory restrictions and our subsidiaries earnings, capital requirements, financial
condition and other factors. There can be no assurance as to if or when the Company may pay dividends or as to the amount of any dividends
which may be declared and paid to shareholders in future periods. Failure to pay dividends on our shares could have a material adverse
effect on the market price of our shares. 

A
limited trading market exists for our common shares, which could lead to price volatility. 

The
ability to sell our common shares depends upon the existence of an active trading market for those shares. While our shares are listed
for trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market, there is moderate trading volume in these shares. As a result, shareholders may be unable to
sell our shares at the volume, price and time desired. The limited trading market for our shares may cause fluctuations in the market
value of our shares to be exaggerated, leading to price volatility in excess of that which would occur in a more active trading market.
In addition, even if a more active market of our shares should develop, we cannot guarantee that such a market will continue. 

The
market price of our common shares may be subject to fluctuations and volatility. 

The
market price of our common shares may fluctuate significantly due to, among other things, changes in market sentiment regarding our operations,
financial results or business prospects, the banking industry generally or the macroeconomic outlook. Certain events or changes in the
market or banking industry generally are beyond our control. In addition to the other risk factors contained or incorporated by reference
herein, factors that could affect our trading price: 

our
 actual or anticipated operating and financial results, including how those results vary from
 the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 

changes
 in financial estimates or publications of research reports and recommendations by financial
 analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to us or other financial institution; 

failure
 to declare dividends on our common shares from time to time; 

25 

reports
 in the press or investment community generally or relating to our reputation or the financial
 services industry; 

developments
 in our business or operations or in the financial sector generally; 

any
 future offerings by us of our common shares; 

any
 future offerings by us of debt or preferred shares, which would be senior to our common shares
 upon liquidation and for purposes of dividend distributions; 

legislative
 or regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our business and operations specifically; 

the
 operating and share price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable
 to us; 

announcements
 of strategic developments, acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions, financings and other
 material events by us or our competitors; 

actions
 by our current shareholders, including future sales of common shares by existing shareholders,
 including our directors and executive officers; 

proposed
 or final regulatory changes or developments; 

anticipated
 or pending regulatory investigations, proceedings, or litigation that may involve or affect
 us; and 

other
 changes in U.S. or global financial markets, global economies and general market conditions,
 such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity, credit or asset valuations
 or volatility. 

Equity
markets in general and our shares have experienced volatility over the past few years. The market price of our shares may continue to
be subject to volatility unrelated to our operating performance or business prospects, which could result in a decline in the market
price of our shares. 

Investors
could become subject to regulatory restrictions upon ownership of our common shares. 

Under
the Federal Change in Bank Control Act, a person may be required to obtain prior approval from the Federal Reserve before acquiring 10
percent or more of our common shares or the power to directly or indirectly control our management, operations, or policies. 

We
have implemented anti-takeover devices that could make it more difficult for another company to purchase us, even though such a purchase
may increase shareholder value. 

In
many cases, shareholders may receive a premium for their shares if we were purchased by another company. Ohio law and our Amended Articles
of Incorporation, as amended Articles ), and Amended and Restated Regulations, as amended Regulations ),
make it difficult for anyone to purchase us without the approval of our Board of Directors. Consequently, a takeover attempt may prove
difficult, and shareholders may not realize the highest possible price for their securities. 

26 

We
may be compelled to seek additional capital in the future, but capital may not be available when needed. 

We
are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. In
addition, federal banking agencies have proposed extensive changes to their capital requirements; including raising required amounts
and eliminating the inclusion of certain instruments from the calculation of capital. In addition, we may elect to raise additional
capital to support our business or to finance acquisitions, if any, or we may otherwise elect to raise additional capital. Our
ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number
of other factors, many of which are outside our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be assured of our
ability to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

General
Risk Factors: 

Our
earnings are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. 

The
policies of the FRB impact us significantly. The FRB regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies directly
and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits, and can also affect
the value of financial instruments we hold. Those policies determine to a significant extent our cost of funds for lending and investing.
Changes in those policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. FRB policies can also affect our borrowers, potentially
increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. For example, a tightening of the money supply by the FRB could reduce the
demand for a borrower s products and services. This could adversely affect the borrower s earnings and ability to repay its
loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes
in tax laws could adversely affect our performance. 

We
are subject to extensive federal, state and local taxes, including income, excise, sales/use, payroll, franchise, withholding and ad
valorem taxes. Changes to tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; fair values of net deferred tax
assets and obligations of state and political subdivisions held in our investment securities portfolio. In addition, our customers are
subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local taxes. Changes in taxes paid by our customers may adversely affect their ability
to purchase homes or consumer products, which could adversely affect their demand for our loans and deposit products. In addition, such
negative effects on our customers could result in defaults on the loans we have made. 

The
preparation of our financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management
to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of our most critical estimates are the level of the allowance
for loan losses and the accounting for goodwill and other intangibles. Because of the inherent nature of these estimates, we cannot provide
complete assurance that we will not be required to adjust earnings for significant unexpected loan losses, nor that we will not recognize
a material provision for impairment of our goodwill. For additional information regarding these critical estimates, see Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 33 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
may experience increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect
to the Company s environmental, social and governance practices. 

Financial
institutions are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their
environmental, social, and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds, and
influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and
safety, diversity, labor conditions, and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for the Company as well as among our
suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs.
Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively
impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and the price of our common shares. New
government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary
reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 

27 

We
need to constantly update our technology in order to compete and meet customer demands. 

The
financial services market, including banking services, is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven
products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and may enable us
to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to use technology to provide products and services that provide
convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Some of our competitors have substantially greater
resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services
or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological changes
affecting the financial services industry could negatively affect our growth, revenue and profit. 

Climate
change, severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could significantly impact our business. 

Natural
disasters, including severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change, acts of war or terrorism, and
other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business or upon third parties who perform operational
services for us or our customers. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay
outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue or cause
us to incur additional expenses. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties . 

The
Company s principal executive offices are located at 401 Clinton Street, Defiance, Ohio. State Bank owns this facility, with a
portion of the facility utilized as a retail banking center. In addition, State Bank owns the land and buildings occupied by 21 of its
banking centers and leases two other properties used as banking centers. The Company also occupies office space from various parties
for loan production and other business purposes on varying lease terms. There is no outstanding mortgage debt on any of the properties
which are owned by State Bank. 

Listed
below are the banking centers, loan production offices and service facilities of the Company and their addresses, all of which are located
in Allen, Defiance, Delaware, Franklin, Fulton, Hancock, Lucas, Paulding, Williams and Wood counties of Ohio; Allen, Boone, Hamilton
and Steuben counties of Indiana; and Monroe county of Michigan: 

28 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. Property List as of December 31, 2022 

in thousands) 
 Description/Address 
 Leased/ 
Owned 
 Total Deposits 12/31/22 

Main Banking Center Corporate Office 

401 
 Clinton Street, Defiance, OH 
 Owned 
 281,891 

Banking Centers/Drive-Thru s 

1419 
 West High Street, Bryan, OH 
 Owned 
 51,585 
 
 510 
 Third Street, Defiance, OH (Drive-thru) 
 Owned 
 N/A 
 
 1600 
 North Clinton Street, Defiance, OH 
 Leased 
 41,217 
 
 312 
 Main Street, Delta, OH 
 Owned 
 23,015 
 
 4080 
 West Dublin Granville Road, Dublin, OH 
 Owned 
 77,113 
 
 104 
 North Michigan Avenue, Edgerton, OH 
 Owned 
 12,029 
 
 201 
 East Lincoln Street, Findlay, OH 
 Owned 
 22,771 
 
 408 
 South Main Street Suite A, Findlay, OH 
 Leased 
 594 
 
 12832 
 Coldwater Road, Fort Wayne, IN 
 Owned 
 24,478 
 
 1232 
 North Main Street, Bowling Green, OH 
 Owned 
 21,023 
 
 235 
 Main Street, Luckey, OH 
 Owned 
 29,496 
 
 133 
 East Morenci Street, Lyons, OH 
 Owned 
 22,139 
 
 930 
 West Market Street, Lima, OH 
 Owned 
 57,153 
 
 1201 
 East Main Street, Montpelier, OH 
 Owned 
 46,778 
 
 218 
 North First Street, Oakwood, OH 
 Owned 
 26,333 
 
 220 
 North Main Street, Paulding, OH 
 Owned 
 70,869 
 
 610 
 East South Boundary Street, Perrysburg, OH 
 Owned 
 17,709 
 
 119 
 South State Street, Pioneer, OH 
 Owned 
 38,003 
 
 6401 
 Monroe Street, Sylvania, OH 
 Owned 
 70,541 
 
 311 
 Main Street, Walbridge, OH 
 Owned 
 28,941 
 
 101 
 North Michigan Street, Edon, OH 
 Owned 
 60,572 
 
 1379 
 North Shoop Avenue, Wauseon, OH 
 Owned 
 62,415 

Loan Production Offices 

307 
 North Wayne Street, Angola, IN 
 Owned 
 N/A 
 
 10100 
 Lantern Road, Suite 240, Fishers, IN 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 94 
 Granville Street, Gahanna, OH 
 Owned 
 N/A 
 
 8204 
 Secor Road, Lambertville, MI 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 1900 
 Monroe Street, Suite 108, Toledo, OH 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 100 
 South Main Street, Suite 102, Zionsville, IN 
 Leased 
 N/A 

Service Facilities (SBT/ SBFG Title) 

104 
 Depot Street, Archbold, OH 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 105 
 East Holland Street, Archbold, OH 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 125 
 West Butler Street, Bryan OH 
 Owned 
 N/A 
 
 9101 
 Antares Avenue, Columbus, OH 
 Owned 
 N/A 
 
 1911 
 Baltimore Road, Defiance, OH 
 Leased 
 N/A 
 
 10100 
 Lantern Road, Fishers, IN 
 Leased 
 N/A 

Total deposits 

1,086,665 

SB
Captive operates from office space located at 101 Convention Center Dr., Suite 850, Las Vegas, NV 89109. 

The
Company s subsidiaries have several noncancellable leases for business use that expire over the next five years. Aggregate rental
expense for these leases was 0.20 million and 0.19 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

29 

Future
minimum lease payments under operating leases are: 

in 
 thousands) 
 
 2023 
 227 
 
 2024 
 184 
 
 2025 
 149 
 
 2026 
 135 
 
 2027 
 117 
 
 Thereafter 
 727 

Total minimum lease payments 
 1,539 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings . 

In
the ordinary course of our business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal actions, which we believe are incidental
to the operation of our business. Although the ultimate outcome and amount of liability, if any, with respect to these legal actions
cannot presently be ascertained with certainty, in the opinion of management, based upon information currently available to us, any resulting
liability is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not
Applicable 

Supplemental
Item: Information about our Executive Officers 

The
following table lists the names and ages of the executive officers of the Company as of February 24, 2023, the positions presently held
by each executive officer, and the business experience of each executive officer during his or her employment at the Company. Unless
otherwise indicated, each person has held his or her principal occupation(s) for more than five years. 

Name 

Age 
 
 Position(s) Held with the Company and its Subsidiaries and Principal Occupation(s) 
 
 Mark A. Klein 
 
 68 
 
 Chairman of the Company since April 2015; Director of the Company since February 2010; President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2010 and of State Bank since January 2006; Director of State Bank since 2006; President of RDSI since October 2011; Member of State Bank Trust Investment Review Committee since March 2007. 
 
 Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 61 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and State Bank since March 2010; Chief Financial Officer of RDSI since October 2011; Member of State Bank Trust Investment Review Committee since June 2010. 
 
 Ernesto Gaytan 
 
 51 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Innovation Officer of the Company and State Bank since November 2017. 

Steven R. Walz 
 
 52 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of State Bank since December 2021; Senior Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of State Bank from September 2021 through December 2021; Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of State Bank from November 2017 through November 2019; Vice President and Senior Credit Analyst of State Bank from September 2012 through November 2017; Assistant Vice President and Commercial Services Officer of State Bank from September 2011 to September 2012; Assistant Vice President and Credit Analyst of State Bank from January 2010 through September 2012; Began working for State Bank in October 2007 as a Credit Analyst; Mr. Walz left State Bank in November 2019 worked as President for K P Medical Transport, LLC. prior to rejoining State Bank in September 2021, 
 
 Keeta J. Diller 
 
 66 
 
 Executive Vice President of the Company since July 2019; Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of State Bank since July 2019; Senior Vice President and Chief Enterprise Risk Management Officer of State Bank from August 2018 through July 2019; Senior Vice President and Audit Coordinator and Director of Operations of State Bank from December 2011 through August 2018; Vice President and Internal Auditor of State Bank from January 2010 through December 2011; Corporate Secretary for the Company since 1996; Began working for State Bank in February 1990 as the Accounting Supervisor. 
 
 David A. Homoelle 
 
 55 

Columbus
Regional President and Residential Real Estate Executive of State Bank since May 2021; Columbus Regional President of State Bank from
November 2007 through May 2021; Began working for State Bank in November 2007 as a Columbus Regional President. 

30 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

Market
Information 

Our
common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol SBFG . There were 6,935,462 common shares outstanding
as of December 31, 2022, which were held by approximately 1,167 record holders. 

The
Company paid quarterly dividends on its common shares in the aggregate amounts of 0.48 per share and 0.44 per share in 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company presently anticipates continuing to pay quarterly dividends in the future at similar levels. However, there
is no guarantee that dividends on our common shares will continue in the future. 

Payment
of dividends by State Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the regulatory authorities, if they deem such dividends
to constitute an unsafe and/or unsound banking practice. These provisions could have the effect of limiting the Company s ability
to pay dividends on its outstanding shares. Moreover, the Federal Reserve Board expects the Company to serve as a source of strength
to its subsidiary banks, which may require it to retain capital for further investment in State Bank, rather than for dividends to shareholders
of the Company. The Company s ability to pay dividends on its shares is also conditioned upon the payment, on a current basis,
of quarterly interest payments on the subordinated debentures underlying the Company s trust preferred securities. In addition,
under the terms of the Company s fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt, the Company s ability to pay dividends on its
shares is conditioned upon the Company continuing to make required principal and interest payments, and not incurring an event of default,
with respect to the subordinated debt. 

31 

Period Ending 
 
 Index 
 12/31/17 
 12/31/18 
 12/31/19 
 12/31/20 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/22 
 
 SB Financial Group, Inc. 
 100.00 
 90.50 
 110.59 
 105.35 
 116.11 
 107.93 
 
 NASDAQ Composite Index 
 100.00 
 97.16 
 132.81 
 192.47 
 235.15 
 158.65 
 
 KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 
 100.00 
 82.29 
 112.01 
 100.46 
 138.97 
 109.23 

Source: S P Global
Market Intelligence 

2023 

32 

The
table below reflects the common shares repurchased by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, the Company had 480,682 shares remaining of the 500,000 approved under the Company s existing share repurchase program which
was authorized on December 21, 2022 and expires December 31, 2024. 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Weighted Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 10/01/22 - 10/31/22 
 2,814 
 17.05 
 2,814 
 492,825 
 
 11/01/22 - 11/30/22 
 4,440 
 16.83 
 4,440 
 488,385 
 
 12/01/22 - 12/31/22 
 7,703 
 16.70 
 7,703 
 480,682 
 
 Totals 
 14,957 
 16.80 
 14,957 
 480,682 

Item
6. [Reserved] . 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. SB Financial ), is a financial holding company registered with the Federal Reserve Board and subject
to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Through its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including The State
Bank and Trust Company State Bank ), SB Financial is engaged in commercial and retail banking, wealth management and private
client financial services. 

The
following discussion provides a review of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of SB Financial and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Company ). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial
statements and related footnotes as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Strategic
Discussion 

The
focus and strategic goal of the Company is to grow into and remain a top decile (>90th percentile) independent financial services
company. The Company intends to achieve and maintain that goal by executing our five key initiatives. 

Increase
profitability through ongoing diversification of revenue streams: For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated
 18.2 million in noninterest income, or 31.6 percent of total operating revenue, from fee-based products. These revenue sources include
fees generated from saleable residential mortgage loans, retail deposit products, wealth management services, saleable business-based
loans (small business and farm service) and title agency revenue. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company generated
 30.7 million in noninterest income, or 44.8 percent of total operating revenue from fee-based products. 

Strengthen
our penetration in all markets served: Over our 119-year history of continuous operation in Northwest Ohio, we have established a
significant presence in our traditional markets in Defiance, Fulton, Paulding and Williams counties in Ohio. In our newer markets of
Bowling Green, Columbus, Findlay, Toledo (Ohio) and Ft. Wayne (Indiana), our current market penetration is minimal but we believe our
potential for growth is significant. In the past years, we have expanded and committed additional resources to our presence in the Findlay
and Edgerton markets in particular; however, we continue to seek to expand the presence and penetration in all of our markets. 

Expand
product utilization by new and existing customers: As of December 31, 2022, we operated in 14 counties in Northwest Ohio and Northeast
Indiana with 23 full service offices, 23 ATM s and six loan production offices. Combined in the 14 counties of operation, we command
4.3 percent of the deposit market share, which has steadily grown. 

33 

Deliver
gains in operational excellence: Our management team believes that becoming and remaining a high-performance financial services company
will depend upon seamlessly and consistently delivering operational excellence, as demonstrated by the Company s leadership in
the origination and servicing of residential mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company serviced 8,514 residential mortgage
loans with an aggregate principal balance of 1.35 billion. As of December 31, 2021, the Company serviced 8,614 loans with an aggregate
principal balance of 1.36 billion. 

Sustain
asset quality: As of December 31, 2022, the Company s asset quality metrics remained strong. Specifically, total nonperforming
assets were 5.1 million, or 0.38 percent of total assets. Total delinquent loans at December 31, 2022 were 0.27 percent of total loans.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had total nonperforming assets of 6.5 million, or 0.49 percent of total assets. Total delinquent
loans at December 31, 2021 were 0.46 percent of total loans. 

The
successful execution of these five strategies have enabled the Company to improve financial performance across a broad series of metrics.
These metrics over the last five years are outlined in the following table. Specifically, the Company has increased total assets by 348.8
million, or 35.3 percent. The growth has been on both sides of the balance sheet over the five year period, with loans growing 

190.2
million or 24.6 percent and deposits growing 284.1 million or 35.4 percent. 

During
the prior five-year period, the Company has raised capital through the issuance of equity and debt to the market on two separate occasions
during the period, which has raised equity capital significantly and expanded liquidity for potential strategic expansion. Strategic
expansion has also occurred during the period with the acquisition of a small community bank (The Edon State Bank of Edon, Ohio) in 2020,
the opening of three branch offices and the acquisition of two full service title agencies. 

34 

Financial Highlights 

Year
Ended December 31, 

in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Earnings 

Interest income 
 44,569 
 41,904 
 42,635 
 44,400 
 39,479 
 
 Interest expense 
 5,170 
 4,020 
 6,705 
 9,574 
 6,212 
 
 Net interest income 
 39,399 
 37,884 
 35,930 
 34,826 
 33,267 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 - 
 1,050 
 4,500 
 800 
 600 
 
 Noninterest income 
 18,231 
 30,697 
 30,096 
 18,016 
 16,624 
 
 Noninterest expense 
 42,314 
 44,808 
 43,087 
 37,410 
 34,847 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 2,795 
 4,446 
 3,495 
 2,659 
 2,806 
 
 Net income 
 12,521 
 18,277 
 14,944 
 11,973 
 11,638 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 950 
 975 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders 
 12,521 
 18,277 
 14,944 
 11,023 
 10,663 

Per Common Share Data 

Basic earnings 
 1.79 
 2.58 
 1.96 
 1.71 
 1.72 
 
 Diluted earnings 
 1.77 
 2.56 
 1.96 
 1.51 
 1.51 
 
 Cash dividends declared 
 0.48 
 0.44 
 0.40 
 0.36 
 0.32 
 
 Total equity per share 
 17.08 
 21.05 
 19.39 
 17.53 
 16.36 

Average Balances 

Average total assets 
 1,318,781 
 1,322,253 
 1,161,396 
 1,027,932 
 947,266 
 
 Average equity 
 126,963 
 144,223 
 139,197 
 133,190 
 121,094 

Ratios 

Return on average total assets 
 0.95 
 1.38 
 1.29 
 1.16 
 1.23 
 
 Return on average equity 
 9.86 
 12.67 
 10.74 
 8.99 
 9.61 
 
 Cash dividend payout ratio 1 
 27.25 
 17.18 
 20.54 
 23.84 
 19.60 
 
 Average equity to average assets 
 9.63 
 10.91 
 11.99 
 12.96 
 12.78 

Period End Totals 

Total assets 
 1,335,633 
 1,330,854 
 1,257,839 
 1,038,577 
 986,828 
 
 Available-for-sale securities 
 238,780 
 263,259 
 149,406 
 100,948 
 90,969 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 2,073 
 7,472 
 7,234 
 7,258 
 4,445 
 
 Total loans leases 
 962,075 
 822,714 
 872,723 
 825,510 
 771,883 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 13,818 
 13,805 
 12,574 
 8,755 
 8,167 
 
 Total deposits 
 1,086,665 
 1,113,045 
 1,049,011 
 840,219 
 802,552 
 
 Advances from FHLB 
 60,000 
 5,500 
 8,000 
 16,000 
 16,000 
 
 Trust preferred securities 
 10,310 
 10,310 
 10,310 
 10,310 
 10,310 
 
 Subordinated debt, net 
 19,594 
 19,546 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total equity 
 118,428 
 144,929 
 142,923 
 136,094 
 130,435 

1 Cash dividends on common shares divided by net income available to common. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
and conform to general practices within the banking industry. The Company s significant accounting policies are described in detail
in the notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions.
The Company s financial position and results of operations can be affected by these estimates and assumptions and are integral
to the understanding of reported results. Critical accounting policies are those policies that management believes are the most important
to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results, and they require management to make estimates that are difficult,
subjective or complex. 

35 

Allowance
for Loan Losses: The allowance for loan losses provides coverage for probable losses inherent in the Company s loan portfolio.
Management evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses each quarter based on changes, if any, in the nature and amount of
problem assets and associated collateral, underwriting activities, loan portfolio composition (including product mix and geographic,
industry or customer-specific concentrations), trends in loan performance, regulatory guidance and economic factors. This evaluation
is inherently subjective, as it requires the use of significant management estimates. Many factors can affect management s estimates
of specific and expected losses, including volatility of default probabilities, rating migrations, loss severity and economic and political
conditions. The allowance is increased through provisions charged to operating earnings and reduced by net charge offs. 

The
Company determines the amount of the allowance based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. The allowance recorded for
commercial loans is based on reviews of individual credit relationships and an analysis of the migration of commercial loans and actual
loss experience. The allowance recorded for homogeneous consumer loans is based on an analysis of loan mix, risk characteristics of the
portfolio, fraud loss and bankruptcy experiences, and historical losses, adjusted for current trends, for each homogeneous category or
group of loans. The allowance for credit losses relating to impaired loans is based on each impaired loan s observable market price,
the collateral for certain collateral-dependent loans, or the discounted cash flows using the loan s effective interest rate. 

Regardless
of the extent of the Company s analysis of customer performance, portfolio trends or risk management processes, certain inherent,
but undetected, losses are probable within the loan portfolio. This is due to several factors including inherent delays in obtaining
information regarding a customer s financial condition or changes in their unique business conditions, the subjective nature of
individual loan valuations, collateral assessments and the interpretation of economic trends. Volatility of economic or customer-specific
conditions affecting the identification and estimation of losses for larger non- homogeneous credits and the sensitivity of assumptions
utilized to establish allowances for homogenous groups of loans are also factors. The Company estimates a range of inherent losses related
to the existence of these exposures. The estimates are based upon the Company s evaluation of imprecise risk associated with the
commercial and consumer allowance levels and the estimated impact of the current economic environment. 

Goodwill
and Other Intangibles: The Company records all assets and liabilities acquired in purchase acquisitions, including goodwill and other
intangibles, at fair value as required. Goodwill is subject, at a minimum, to annual tests for impairment. Other intangible assets are
amortized over their estimated useful lives using straight-line and accelerated methods, and are subject to impairment if events or circumstances
indicate a possible inability to realize the carrying amount. The initial goodwill and other intangibles recorded and subsequent impairment
analysis requires management to make subjective judgments concerning estimates of how the acquired asset will perform in the future.
Events and factors that may significantly affect the estimates include, among others, customer attrition, changes in revenue growth trends,
specific industry conditions and changes in competition. 

Deferred
Tax Asset: The Company has evaluated its deferred tax asset to determine if it is more likely than not that the asset will be realized
in the future. The Company s most recent evaluation has determined that the Company will more likely than not be able to realize
the remaining deferred tax asset. 

Income
Tax Accounting: The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return. The provision for income taxes is based upon income in
the consolidated financial statements, rather than amounts reported on our income tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change
in rates on the deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Changes
in Financial Condition 

Total
assets at December 31, 2022, were 1.34 billion, compared to 1.33 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans (excluding loans held for
sale) were 962.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 822.7 million at December 31, 2021. Total deposits were 1.09 billion
at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.11 billion at December 31, 2021. As client balance sheets and liquidity was utilized in the
economy, deposit levels moderated and assets were reallocated from cash and securities into loans. 

36 

The
following are the condensed average balance sheets of the Company for the years ending December 31 and includes the interest earned or
paid, and the average interest rate, on each asset and liability: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 in thousands) 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 Average 
 
 Average 
 Average 
 
 Average 

Balance 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 
 Assets 

Taxable securities/cash 
 330,549 
 5,798 
 1.75 
 380,770 
 3,386 
 0.89 
 185,480 
 2,328 
 1.26 
 
 Non-taxable securities 
 8,106 
 198 
 2.44 
 7,802 
 353 
 4.52 
 6,625 
 333 
 5.03 
 
 Loans, net 1 
 888,116 
 38,573 
 4.34 
 854,521 
 38,165 
 4.47 
 880,338 
 39,974 
 4.54 
 
 Total earning assets 
 1,226,771 
 44,569 
 3.63 
 1,243,093 
 41,904 
 3.37 
 1,072,443 
 42,635 
 3.98 
 
 Cash and due from banks 
 7,296 

7,290 

14,553 

Allowance for loan losses 
 (13,808 

(13,422 

(10,165 

Premises and equipment 
 24,137 

24,710 

23,776 

Other assets 
 74,385 

60,582 

60,789 

Total assets 
 1,318,781 

1,322,253 

1,161,396 

Liabilities 

Savings and interest-bearing demand deposits 
 693,271 
 2,258 
 0.33 
 672,296 
 1,813 
 0.27 
 492,267 
 3,152 
 0.64 
 
 Time deposits 
 159,401 
 1,219 
 0.76 
 177,918 
 1,316 
 0.74 
 247,955 
 2,918 
 1.18 
 
 Repurchase agreements other 
 20,481 
 39 
 0.19 
 22,821 
 42 
 0.18 
 22,832 
 70 
 0.31 
 
 Advances from FHLB 
 16,420 
 515 
 3.14 
 6,507 
 188 
 2.89 
 14,186 
 309 
 2.18 
 
 Trust preferred securities 
 10,310 
 361 
 3.50 
 10,310 
 199 
 1.93 
 10,310 
 256 
 2.48 
 
 Subordianted debt 
 19,570 
 778 
 3.98 
 12,057 
 462 
 3.83 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 919,453 
 5,170 
 0.56 
 901,909 
 4,020 
 0.45 
 787,550 
 6,705 
 0.85 

Demand deposits 
 252,899 

255,908 

211,004 

Other liabilities 
 19,466 

20,213 

23,645 

Total liabilities 
 1,191,818 

1,178,030 

1,022,199 

Shareholders equity 
 126,963 

144,223 

139,197 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 1,318,781 

1,322,253 

1,161,396 

Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) 
 
 39,399 

37,884 

35,930 

Net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets - GAAP measure 

3.21 

3.05 

3.35 

Net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets - Non-GAAP measure 2 

3.22 

3.06 

3.36 
 
 -- Computed on a fully tax equivalent basis (FTE) 

1 Nonaccruing
loans and loans held for sale are included in the average balances. 

2 Interest
on tax exempt securities and loans is computed on a tax equivalent basis using a 21 percent statutory tax rate, and added to the net
interest income. The tax equivalent adjustment was 0.15, 0.15 and 0.15 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
following tables set forth the effect of volume and rate changes on interest income and expense for the periods indicated. For purposes
of these tables, changes in interest due to volume and rate were determined as follows: 

Volume
 variance - change in volume multiplied by the previous year s rate. 

Rate
 variance - change in rate multiplied by the previous year s volume. 

Rate/volume
 variance - change in volume multiplied by the change in rate. This variance allocates the
 volume variance and rate variance in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar
 amount of the change in each. 

37 

Total 

Variance 
 Variance Attributable To 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022/2021 
 Volume 
 Rate 

Interest income 

Taxable securities 
 2,412 
 (447 
 2,859 
 
 Non-taxable securities 1 
 (155 
 14 
 (169 
 
 Loans, net of unearned income and deferred fees 1 
 408 
 1,500 
 (1,092 
 
 Total interest income 
 2,665 
 1,067 
 1,598 

Interest expense 

Savings and interest-bearing demand deposits 
 445 
 57 
 388 
 
 Time deposits 
 (97 
 (137 
 40 
 
 Repurchase agreements other 
 (3 
 (4 
 1 
 
 Advances from FHLB 
 327 
 286 
 41 
 
 Trust preferred securities 
 162 
 - 
 162 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 316 
 316 
 - 
 
 Total interest expense 
 1,150 
 518 
 632 

Net interest income 
 1,515 
 549 
 966 

1 Interest on non-taxable securities and loans has been adjusted
to fully tax equivalent 

The
maturity distribution and weighted-average interest rates of debt securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022, are set forth in
the table below. The weighted-average interest rates are based on coupon rates for securities purchased at par value and on effective
interest rates considering amortization or accretion if the securities were purchased at a premium or discount: 

Maturing 

in thousands) 
 Within
 1 Year 
 Weighted
 Average Yield 
 1-5
 Years 
 Weighted
 Average Yield 
 5-10
 Years 
 Weighted
 Average Yield 
 After
 10 Years 
 Weighted
 Average Yield 
 Total 
 Weighted
 Average Yield 

Available for sale: 

U.S.
 Treasury and Government agencies 
 243 
 0.64 
 1,022 
 2.45 
 5,499 
 1.78 
 - 
 
 6,764 
 1.84 
 
 Mortgage-backed
 securities 
 - 
 
 1,827 
 2.74 
 29,142 
 1.65 
 174,866 
 1.36 
 205,835 
 1.41 
 
 State
 and political subdivisions 
 837 
 3.38 
 792 
 2.85 
 1,893 
 4.37 
 7,581 
 2.64 
 11,103 
 2.97 
 
 Other
 corporate securities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 15,078 
 3.69 
 - 
 
 15,078 
 3.69 

Total
 securities by maturity 
 1,080 
 2.76 
 3,641 
 2.68 
 51,612 
 2.36 
 182,447 
 1.41 
 238,780 
 1.64 

1 Yields are presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 

38 

in thousands) 
 Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Total loans 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Commercial business
 agriculture 
 192,478 
 179,653 
 7.1 
 
 Commercial real estate 
 412,635 
 381,168 
 8.3 
 
 Residential real estate 
 291,512 
 206,424 
 41.2 
 
 Consumer
 other 
 65,005 
 55,156 
 17.9 

Total loans 
 961,630 
 822,401 
 16.9 

Net
 deferred costs (fees) 
 445 
 313 
 42.2 

Total loans, net deferred
 costs (fees) 
 962,075 
 822,714 
 16.9 

Loans held for sale 
 2,073 
 7,472 
 -72.3 

Total
 deposits 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Noninterest bearing demand 
 256,799 
 247,044 
 3.9 
 
 Interest-bearing demand 
 191,719 
 195,464 
 -1.9 
 
 Savings money market 
 447,267 
 514,033 
 -13.0 
 
 Time
 deposits 
 190,880 
 156,504 
 22.0 

Total deposits 
 1,086,665 
 1,113,045 
 -2.4 

Total shareholders equity 
 118,428 
 144,929 
 -18.3 

Loans
held for investment increased 139.4 million, or 16.9 percent, to 962.1 million at December 31, 2022, which was due to an increase in
residential and commercial real estate lending during 2022. The Company booked a much higher portion of residential real estate production
on the balance sheet as saleable pricing was not competitive during much of 2022. 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk : The Company makes commercial, real estate and installment loans to customers located mainly in the Tri-State region
of Ohio, Indiana and Michigan. Commercial loans include loans collateralized by commercial real estate, business assets and, in the case
of agricultural loans, crops and farm equipment and the loans are expected to be repaid from cash flow from operations of businesses.
As of December 31, 2022, commercial business and agricultural loans made up approximately 29.6 percent of the loans held for investment HFI loan portfolio while commercial real estate loans accounted for approximately 42.5 percent of the HFI loan portfolio.
Residential first mortgage loans made up approximately 20.9 percent of the HFI loan portfolio and are secured by first mortgages on residential
real estate, while consumer loans to individuals made up approximately 7.0 percent of the HFI loan portfolio and are primarily secured
by consumer assets. 

Maturities
and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates: The following table shows the maturity distribution of loans outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. The amounts have been categorized between loans with a fixed or floating interest rate (floating rate loans
have an adjustable interest rate that changes in accordance to a rate index). 

39 

Maturities
and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
As of December 31, 2022 

in thousands) 
 Within
 one year 
 After
 one, but within five years 
 After
 five, but within fifteen years 
 After
 fifteen years 
 Total 
 
 Loans with fixed interest rates: 

Commercial 
 industrial 
 1,527 
 20,613 
 28,442 
 21 
 50,603 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner
 occupied 
 461 
 3,662 
 7,822 
 - 
 11,945 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner
 occupied 
 3,181 
 19,356 
 13,257 
 142 
 35,936 
 
 Agricultural 
 131 
 4,214 
 9,341 
 1,595 
 15,281 
 
 Residential real estate 
 893 
 801 
 18,066 
 32,078 
 51,838 
 
 HELOC 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consumer 
 3,544 
 9,195 
 3,362 
 76 
 16,177 
 
 Total 
 9,737 
 57,841 
 80,290 
 33,912 
 181,780 
 
 Loans with floating interest
 rates: 

Commercial industrial 
 32,554 
 9,351 
 35,159 
 423 
 77,487 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner
 occupied 
 2,642 
 12,108 
 44,116 
 40,037 
 98,903 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner
 occupied 
 3,596 
 35,334 
 110,556 
 116,365 
 265,851 
 
 Agricultural 
 189 
 6,440 
 18,689 
 23,789 
 49,107 
 
 Residential real estate 
 7,920 
 364 
 12,962 
 218,428 
 239,674 
 
 HELOC 
 112 
 262 
 32,710 
 11,977 
 45,061 
 
 Consumer 
 335 
 3,432 
 - 
 - 
 3,767 
 
 Total 
 47,348 
 67,291 
 254,192 
 411,019 
 779,850 
 
 Total loans: 

Commercial industrial 
 34,081 
 29,964 
 63,601 
 444 
 128,090 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner
 occupied 
 3,103 
 15,770 
 51,938 
 40,037 
 110,848 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner
 occupied 
 6,777 
 54,690 
 123,813 
 116,507 
 301,787 
 
 Agricultural 
 320 
 10,654 
 28,030 
 25,384 
 64,388 
 
 Residential real estate 
 8,813 
 1,165 
 31,028 
 250,506 
 291,512 
 
 HELOC 
 112 
 262 
 32,710 
 11,977 
 45,061 
 
 Consumer 
 3,879 
 12,627 
 3,362 
 76 
 19,944 
 
 Total
 loans 
 57,085 
 125,132 
 334,482 
 444,931 
 961,630 

Deposits
decreased 26.4 million, or 2.4 percent, to 1.09 billion at December 31, 2022. Deposits declined in 2022 after experiencing over 200
million in growth during 2021. Increased inflation and interest rates resulted in clients seeking higher returns on their deposit accounts.
As a result, during 2022, we experienced a shift in the mix of our deposit balances as more of our clients moved balances to long-term
time deposit accounts. Specifically, during 2022, time deposits increased 34.4 million, or 22 percent, while other deposits decreased
 60.8 million, or 6 percent. 

The
average amount of deposits and weighted-average rates paid are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Average 
 Average 
 Average 
 Average 
 Average 
 Average 

in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 

Savings
 and interest bearing demand deposits 
 693,271 
 0.33 
 672,296 
 0.27 
 492,267 
 0.64 
 
 Time
 deposits 
 159,401 
 0.76 
 177,918 
 0.74 
 247,955 
 1.18 
 
 Non
 interest bearing demand deposits 
 252,899 
 - 
 255,908 
 - 
 211,004 
 - 
 
 Totals 
 1,105,571 
 0.31 
 1,106,122 
 0.28 
 951,226 
 0.64 

Time
deposits that exceeded the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 are summarized as follows: 

in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Three months or less 
 6,992 
 1,033 
 
 Over three months through six months 
 102 
 415 
 
 Over six months and through
 twelve months 
 1,330 
 3,083 
 
 Over twelve months 
 6,949 
 238 

Total 
 15,373 
 4,769 

40 

Shareholders 
equity at December 31, 2022, was 118.4 million or 8.9 percent of total assets compared to 144.9 million or 10.9 percent of total assets
at December 31, 2021. Retained earnings increased during the year due to earnings of 12.5 million less dividends paid to common shareholders
of 3.4 million and repurchases of Company common shares of 5.8 million. The fair market value of the bond portfolio regressed during
2022 due to the valuation adjustment on the portfolio, which resulted in a decline in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI of 30.3 million. 

The
Company continued to repurchase its own stock during the year. Specifically, the Company repurchased approximately 317,000 shares during
2022 at an average price of 18.43 per share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 480,682 shares remaining of the 500,000 shares
authorized for repurchase under the Company s existing share repurchase program, which was authorized on December 21, 2022 and
expires December 31, 2024. 

Asset Quality 
 Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Nonaccruing loans 
 3,682 
 3,652 
 0.8 
 
 Accruing restructured loans
 (TDRs) 
 654 
 725 
 -9.8 
 
 Foreclosed assets and other
 assets held for sale, net 
 777 
 2,104 
 -63.1 
 
 Nonperforming assets 
 5,113 
 6,481 
 -21.1 
 
 Net recoveries 
 (13 
 (181 
 -92.8 
 
 Loan loss provision 
 - 
 1,050 
 -100.0 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 13,818 
 13,805 
 0.1 

Nonaccruing loans/total loans 
 0.38 
 0.44 
 -13.8 
 
 Allowance/nonaccruing loans 
 375.29 
 378.01 
 -0.7 
 
 Nonperforming assets/total
 assets 
 0.38 
 0.49 
 -21.4 
 
 Net charge offs/average loans 
 0.00 
 -0.02 
 -95.0 
 
 Allowance/loans 
 1.44 
 1.68 
 -14.4 
 
 Allowance/nonperforming loans 
 318.68 
 315.40 
 1.0 

Nonperforming
assets consisting of loans, Other Real Estate Owned OREO and accruing TDRs totaled 5.1 million, or 0.38 percent of total
assets at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.4 million, or 21.1 percent from 2021. The Company had total net recoveries on loans in
both 2022 and 2021, with 13,000 in net recoveries in 2022, following 181,000 in net recoveries for all of 2021. The Company s
allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2022, now covers nonperforming loans at 319 percent, up from 315 percent at December 31, 2021. 

41 

The
following schedule presents an analysis of the allowance for loan losses, average loan data and related ratios at December 31 for the
years indicated: 

in thousands) 
 Provision
 for Loan Loss 
 Net
 (Chargeoffs) Recoveries 
 Average
 Loans 
 Ratio
 of annualized net (chargeoffs) recoveries to average loans 
 
 December 31, 2022 

Commercial
 industrial 
 (227 
 - 
 126,496 
 0.00 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - owner occupied 
 (135 
 - 
 122,031 
 0.00 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - nonowner occupied 
 (366 
 - 
 276,805 
 0.00 
 
 Agricultural 
 12 
 - 
 58,745 
 0.00 
 
 Residential
 real estate 
 923 
 - 
 239,162 
 0.00 
 
 HELOC 
 (84 
 - 
 43,210 
 0.00 
 
 Consumer 
 (123 
 13 
 14,039 
 0.09 
 
 Total 
 - 
 13 
 880,488 
 0.00 

December 31, 2021 

Commercial
 industrial 
 (1,411 
 227 
 160,267 
 0.14 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - owner occupied 
 505 
 - 
 118,713 
 0.00 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - nonowner occupied 
 825 
 - 
 264,980 
 0.00 
 
 Agricultural 
 103 
 - 
 53,122 
 0.00 
 
 Residential
 real estate 
 975 
 6 
 195,277 
 0.00 
 
 HELOC 
 (16 
 - 
 43,488 
 0.00 
 
 Consumer 
 69 
 (52 
 11,546 
 -0.45 
 
 Total 
 1,050 
 181 
 847,393 
 0.02 

December 31, 2020 

Commercial
 industrial 
 1,757 
 (566 
 198,991 
 -0.28 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - owner occupied 
 721 
 - 
 104,856 
 0.00 
 
 Commercial
 real estate - nonowner occupied 
 1,128 
 - 
 269,924 
 0.00 
 
 Agricultural 
 62 
 - 
 51,840 
 0.00 
 
 Residential
 real estate 
 373 
 (42 
 185,311 
 -0.02 
 
 HELOC 
 203 
 (8 
 47,227 
 -0.02 
 
 Consumer 
 256 
 (65 
 11,595 
 -0.56 
 
 Total
 loans 
 4,500 
 (681 
 869,744 
 -0.08 

The
allowance for loan losses balance and the provision for loan losses are determined by management based upon periodic reviews of the loan
portfolio. In addition, management considers the level of charge offs on loans, as well as the fluctuations of charge offs and recoveries
on loans, in the factors which caused these changes. Estimating the risk of loss and the amount of loss is necessarily subjective. Accordingly,
the allowance is maintained by management at a level considered adequate to cover losses that are currently anticipated based on past
loss experience, economic conditions, information about specific borrower situations, including their financial position and collateral
values, and other factors and estimates which are subject to change over time. 

The
Company has substantially increased the reserve level over the last several years. Specifically, since December 31, 2019 the allowance
for loan losses balance has increased from 8.8 million to 13.8 million at December 31, 2022, which is an increase of 5.0 million or
59 percent. This increase was the result of 5.6 million in provision expense during the period 4.5 million in 2020 and 1.1 million
in 2021) and minimal charge-offs, which were just 0.5 million over the two-year period. The reserve has remained flat in 2022 as a result
of increased loan growth that has been offset by improving economic conditions. 

42 

The
following schedule provides a breakdown of the allowance for loan losses allocated by type of loan and related ratios at December 31
for the years indicated: 

Allowance 
 Amount 
 Percentage
 of Loans In Each Category to Total Loans 
 Allowance 
 Amount 
 Percentage 
 of Loans In 
 Each Category to Total Loans 
 Allowance 
 Amount 
 Percentage 
 of Loans In 
 Each Category to 
 Total Loans 

in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Commercial 
 industrial 
 1,663 
 12.0 
 1,890 
 14.9 
 3,074 
 23.4 
 
 Commercial real estate - owner
 occupied 
 1,696 
 12.3 
 2,588 
 14.5 
 2,059 
 12.9 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner
 occupied 
 4,584 
 33.2 
 4,193 
 31.9 
 3,392 
 29.5 
 
 Agricultural 
 611 
 4.4 
 599 
 7.0 
 496 
 6.3 
 
 Residential real estate 
 4,438 
 32.1 
 3,515 
 25.1 
 2,534 
 20.8 
 
 Home equity line of credit
 (HELOC) 
 547 
 4.0 
 631 
 5.1 
 647 
 5.3 
 
 Consumer 
 279 
 2.0 
 389 
 1.6 
 372 
 1.7 

13,818 
 100.0 
 13,805 
 100.0 
 12,574 
 100.0 

As
detailed in the risk factors, the CARES Act provided for significant consumer and small business relief due to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic. The Company provided payment relief to a number of consumer and small business customers throughout 2020 and 2021, which we
believe was successful and enabled our clients to weather the pandemic effectively. All such COVID-related payment deferrals had expired
or been removed by December 31, 2021 and all clients were back to contractual terms at such date. 

Regulatory
capital reporting is required for State Bank only, as the Company is currently exempt from quarterly regulatory capital level measurement
pursuant to the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement. As of December 31, 2022, State Bank met all regulatory capital levels required
to be considered well-capitalized (see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company issued and sold 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.65 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated
Notes due 2031 in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Subordinated
Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.65 through May 31, 2026. From June 1, 2026 to the maturity date or earlier redemption of the
Subordinated Notes, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum, equal to the then-current-three-month Secured
Overnight Financing Rate SOFR provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 296 basis points. The proceeds from
the Subordinated Notes will be used to assist the Company in meeting various corporate obligations, including share buyback, acquisition
costs and organic asset growth. The Subordinated Notes have a maturity of 10 years. 

Earnings
Summary 2022 vs. 2021 

Net
income for 2022 was 12.5 million, or 1.77 per diluted share, compared with net income of 18.3 million, or 2.56 per diluted share,
for 2021. State Bank reported net income for 2022 of 13.4 million, which was down from the 18.6 million in net income in 2021. SBFG
Title reported net income for 2022 of 0.4 million, which was down from net income of 0.5 million in 2021. 

Positive
results for 2022 included loan growth of 141.4 million when excluding the impact of the PPP initiative, while deposits were slightly
lower by 26.4 million. The Company completed the final forgiveness in December of 2022 from the nearly 1,200 PPP loans processed during
2020 and 2021. The mortgage banking business line, despite the headwinds from rapidly rising rates, continued to contribute in both balance
growth and gain on sale. For the full year of 2022, residential real estate loan production was 313.0 million, with 4.3 million of
revenue from gains on sale. The level of mortgage origination was down from the 600.0 million in 2021. The Company s loans serviced
for others ended the year at 1.35 billion, down slightly from 1.36 billion at December 31, 2021. 

Operating
revenue decreased by 11.0 million, or 3.9 percent, from 68.6 million in 2021 to 57.6 million in 2022 due to decreased PPP fees, OMSR
recapture and significantly lower mortgage gain revenue. SBFG Title increased revenue by 0.1 million to 2.2 million for 2022. 

43 

Operating
expense decreased by 2.5 million, or 5.6 percent, from 44.8 million in 2021 to 42.3 million in 2022, due to lower incentive and commission
levels, which were offset by higher medical costs and increased spending on technology. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Total assets 
 1,335,633 
 1,330,854 
 0.4 
 
 Total investments 
 238,780 
 263,259 
 -9.3 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 2,073 
 7,472 
 -72.3 
 
 Loans, net of unearned income 
 962,075 
 822,714 
 16.9 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 13,818 
 13,805 
 0.1 
 
 Total deposits 
 1,086,665 
 1,113,045 
 -2.4 

Total operating revenue 1 
 57,630 
 68,581 
 -16.0 
 
 Net interest income 
 39,399 
 37,884 
 4.0 
 
 Loan loss provision 
 - 
 1,050 
 -100.0 
 
 Noninterest income 
 18,231 
 30,697 
 -40.6 
 
 Noninterest expense 
 42,314 
 44,808 
 -5.6 
 
 Net income 
 12,521 
 18,277 
 -31.5 
 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 1.77 
 2.56 
 -30.9 

1 Operating
 revenue equals net interest income plus noninterest income. 

Net
interest income was 39.4 million for 2022 compared to 37.9 million for 2021, an increase of 1.5 million or 4.0 percent. Despite the
reduction in PPP fees of 3.6 million compared to 2021, 2022 margin revenue was able to grow due to a favorable shift in mix on the balance
sheet. Average earning assets decreased slightly to 1.23 billion in 2022, compared to 1.24 billion in 2021, due lower cash and securities,
partially offset by the increase in our loan portfolio. The consolidated 2022 full year net interest margin on an FTE basis increased
16 basis points to 3.22 percent compared to 3.06 percent for the full year of 2021. The Company benefited from the Federal Reserve s
seven interest rate increases in 2022, which increased margin revenue from our variable rate loans and securities. 

Zero
provision for loan losses was taken in 2022 compared to 1.0 million taken for 2021. For 2022, net recoveries totaled 0.01 million,
compared to net recoveries of 0.18 million or (0.02) percent of average loans, for 2021. 

Noninterest Income Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Wealth
 management fees 
 3,728 
 3,814 
 -2.3 
 
 Customer
 service fees 
 3,378 
 3,217 
 5.0 
 
 Gains
 on sale of residential loans OMSR s 
 4,298 
 17,255 
 -75.1 
 
 Mortgage
 loan servicing fees, net 
 2,964 
 2,940 
 -0.8 
 
 Gain
 on sale of non-mortgage loans 
 566 
 158 
 258.2 
 
 Title
 insurance income 
 2,229 
 2,089 
 6.7 
 
 Other 
 1,068 
 1,224 
 -12.7 
 
 Total
 noninterest income 
 18,231 
 30,697 
 -40.6 

44 

Total
noninterest income was 18.2 million for 2022 compared to 30.7 million for 2021, representing a decrease of 12.5 million, or 40.6 percent,
year-over-year. Mortgage gain on sale was down significantly from the record year in 2021 by 13.0 million. The Company sold 184.8 million
of originated mortgages into the secondary market in 2022, which due to being less than the amortization on the serviced portfolio, reduced
the size of our serviced loan portfolio to 1.35 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.36 billion at December 31, 2021. Sales of non-mortgage
loans (small business and farm credits) increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, as SBA activity returned to normal production. The Company
saw its wealth management assets under management decline by 111.2 million to 507.13 million, however price increases and higher brokerage
activity held the revenue decline for the year to only 2.3 percent. 

Noninterest Expense 
 Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Salaries
 employee benefits 
 24,142 
 26,838 
 -10.0 
 
 Net occupancy
 expense 
 2,993 
 3,048 
 -1.8 
 
 Equipment
 expense 
 3,616 
 3,281 
 10.2 
 
 Data
 processing fees 
 2,510 
 2,579 
 -2.7 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 3,214 
 3,027 
 6.2 
 
 Marketing
 expense 
 911 
 784 
 16.2 
 
 Telephone
 and communications 
 474 
 581 
 -18.4 
 
 Postage
 and delivery expense 
 422 
 414 
 1.9 
 
 State,
 local and other taxes 
 1,082 
 1,175 
 -7.9 
 
 Employee
 expense 
 613 
 663 
 -7.5 
 
 Other
 expense 
 2,337 
 2,418 
 (3.3 
 
 Total
 noninterest expense 
 42,314 
 44,808 
 -5.6 

Total
noninterest expense was 42.3 million for 2022 compared to 44.8 million for 2021, representing a 2.5 million, or 5.6 percent, decrease
year-over-year. Total full-time equivalent employees ended 2022 at 269, which was down one from year end 2021. 

Earnings
Summary 2021 vs. 2020 

Net
income for 2021 was 18.3 million, or 2.56 per diluted share, compared with net income of 14.9 million, or 1.96 per diluted share,
for 2020. State Bank reported net income for 2021 of 18.6 million, which was up from the 16.0 million in net income in 2020. SBFG Title
reported net income for 2021 of 0.5 million, which was down from net income of 0.6 million in 2020. 

Positive
results for 2021 included loan growth of 18.5 million when excluding the impact of the PPP initiative, and deposit growth of 64.0 million.
The Company fully participated in both phases of PPP, with a total of 111.4 million in loans to over 1,100 clients with revenue of 3.4
million for 2021 compared to 1.4 million for 2020. The mortgage banking business line continued to contribute significant revenues,
with residential real estate loan production of 600.0 million for the year, resulting in 17.3 million of revenue from gains on sale.
The level of mortgage origination was down from the 694.2 million in 2020. The Company s loans serviced for others ended the year
at 1.36 billion, up from 1.30 billion at December 31, 2020. 

Operating
revenue increased by 2.6 million, or 3.9 percent, from 66.0 million in 2021 to 68.6 million in 2020 due to increased PPP fees and
OMSR recapture which offset lower mortgage gain revenue. SBFG Title increased revenue by 0.1 million to 2.1 million for 2022. 

Operating
expense increased by 1.7 million, or 4.0 percent, from 43.1 million in 2021 to 44.8 million in 2020, due to compensation and fringe
benefit cost increases and higher spend on technology/digital initiatives. These expense increases were offset by lower mortgage commission
expense due to lower volume. 

45 

Goodwill,
Intangibles and Capital Purchases 

The
Company completed its most recent annual goodwill impairment review as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company concluded
that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. The
Company s goodwill is further discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Management
plans to continue from time to time to purchase additional premises and equipment and improve current facilities to meet the current
and future needs of the Company s customers. These purchases will include buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment.
Management expects that cash on hand and cash generated from current operations will fund these capital expenditures and purchases. 

Liquidity 

Liquidity
relates primarily to the Company s ability to fund loan demand, meet deposit customers withdrawal requirements and provide
for operating expenses. Sources used to satisfy these needs consist of cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other financial
institutions, securities available-for-sale, loans held for sale and borrowings from various sources. These assets, excluding the borrowings,
are commonly referred to as liquid assets. Liquid assets were 270.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 422.9 million at December
31, 2021. 

The
Company does not have material cash requirements for capital expenditures over the next year. Any cash needs for capital requirements
would be funded by cash existing at the Company. It is not anticipated that the Company will be required to initiate external borrowings
in order to fund ongoing operations. 

The
Company s commercial real estate, first mortgage residential, agricultural and multi-family mortgage portfolio of 768.5 million
at December 31, 2022, can and is readily used to collateralize borrowings, which is an additional source of liquidity. Management believes
the Company s current liquidity level, without these borrowings, is sufficient to meet its current and anticipated liquidity needs.
At December 31, 2022, all eligible commercial real estate, residential first, multi-family mortgage and agricultural loans were pledged
under a Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB blanket lien. 

Significant
additional off-balance-sheet liquidity is available in the form of FHLB advances, unused federal funds lines from correspondent banks
and the national certificate of deposit market. Management expects the risk of changes in off-balance-sheet arrangements to be immaterial
to earnings. Based on the current collateralization requirements of the FHLB, approximately 80.9 million of additional borrowing capacity
existed at December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 56.0 million in federal funds lines available. The Company also had 166.5 million in unpledged
securities at December 31, 2022 available for additional borrowings. 

The
cash flow statements for the periods presented provide an indication of the Company s sources and uses of cash as well as an indication
of the ability of the Company to maintain an adequate level of liquidity. A discussion of the cash flow statements for 2022 and 2021
follows: 

The
Company experienced positive cash flows from operating activities in 2022 and 2021. Net cash from operating activities was 25.6 million
and 17.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Significant operating items for 2022 included gain on
sale of loans of 4.9 million and net income of 12.5 million. Cash provided by the sale of loans held for sale were 189.5 million.
Cash used in the origination of loans held for sale were 181.2 million. 

The
Company experienced negative cash flows from investing activities in 2022 and 2021. Net cash used in investing activities was 165.7
million and 72.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes for 2022 include the purchase of
available-for-sale securities of 50.6 million, and net increase in loans of 139.7 million. The changes for 2021 include the purchase
of available- for-sale securities of 170.7 million and net decrease in loans of 48.5 million. The Company had proceeds from repayments,
maturities, sales and calls of securities of 35.9 million and 50.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

46 

The
Company experienced positive cash flows from financing activities in 2022 and 2021. Net cash from financing activities was 18.4 million
and 63.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Negative cash flows of 26.4 million and positive cash
flows of 64.0 million is attributable to the change in deposits for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company uses an Economic Value of Equity EVE analysis to measure risk in the balance sheet incorporating all cash flows
over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The EVE analysis calculates the net present value of the Company s
assets and liabilities in rate shock environments that range from -400 basis points to +400 basis points. The results of this analysis
are reflected in the following table. 

Economic
 Value of Equity December 31, 2022 in thousands) 
 
 Change
 in rates 
 
 Amount 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 +400
 basis points 
 264,361 
 (61,360 
 -18.84 
 
 +300
 basis points 
 284,602 
 (41,120 
 -12.62 
 
 +200
 basis points 
 303,265 
 (22,457 
 -6.89 
 
 +100
 basis points 
 319,473 
 (6,249 
 -1.92 
 
 Base
 Case 
 325,722 
 - 
 - 
 
 -100
 basis points 
 321,550 
 (4,172 
 -1.28 
 
 -200
 basis points 
 305,242 
 (20,480 
 -6.29 
 
 -300
 basis points 
 293,718 
 (32,004 
 -9.83 
 
 -400
 basis points 
 271,404 
 (54,318 
 -16.68 

Economic
 Value of Equity December 31, 2021 in thousands) 
 
 Change
 in rates 
 
 Amount 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 +400
 basis points 
 278,254 
 35,684 
 14.71 
 
 +300
 basis points 
 273,190 
 30,620 
 12.62 
 
 +200
 basis points 
 265,711 
 23,142 
 9.54 
 
 +100
 basis points 
 256,110 
 13,540 
 5.58 
 
 Base
 Case 
 242,570 
 - 
 - 
 
 -100
 basis points 
 217,281 
 (25,289 
 -10.43 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Asset
liability management involves developing, executing and monitoring strategies to maintain appropriate liquidity, maximize net interest
income and minimize the impact that significant fluctuations in market interest rates would have on current and future earnings. The
business of the Company and the composition of its balance sheet consist of investments in interest-earning assets (primarily loans,
mortgage-backed securities, and securities available-for-sale) which are primarily funded by interest- bearing liabilities (deposits
and borrowings). With the exception of specific loans which are originated and held for sale, all of the financial instruments of the
Company are for other than trading purposes. All of the Company s transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars with no specific
foreign exchange exposure. In addition, the Company has limited exposure to commodity prices related to agricultural loans. The impact
of changes in foreign exchange rates and commodity prices on interest rates are assumed to be insignificant. The Company s financial
instruments have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in market interest rates resulting in market risk. Interest rate risk is the
Company s primary market risk exposure; to a lesser extent, liquidity risk also impacts market risk exposure. 

47 

Interest
rate risk is the exposure of a banking institution s financial condition to adverse movements in interest rates. Accepting this
risk can be an important source of profitability and shareholder value; however, excessive levels of interest rate risk could pose a
significant threat to the Company s earnings and capital base. Accordingly, effective risk management that maintains interest rate
risks at prudent levels is essential to the Company s safety and soundness. 

Evaluating
a financial institution s exposure to changes in interest rates includes assessing both the adequacy of the management process
used to control interest rate risk and the organization s quantitative level of exposure. When assessing the interest rate risk
management process, the Company seeks to ensure that appropriate policies, procedures, management information systems and internal controls
are in place to maintain interest rate risks at prudent levels of consistency and continuity. Evaluating the quantitative level of interest
rate risk exposure requires the Company to assess the existing and potential future effects of changes in interest rates on its consolidated
financial condition, including capital adequacy, earnings, liquidity and asset quality (when appropriate). 

The
FRB together with the OCC and the FDIC adopted a Joint Agency Policy Statement on interest rate risk effective June 26, 1996. The policy
statement provides guidance to examiners and bankers on sound practices for managing interest rate risk, which will form the basis for
ongoing evaluation of the adequacy of interest rate risk management at supervised institutions. The policy statement also outlines fundamental
elements of sound management that have been identified in prior Federal Reserve guidance and discusses the importance of these elements
in the context of managing interest rate risk. Specifically, the guidance emphasizes the need for active board of director and senior
management oversight and a comprehensive risk management process that effectively identifies, measures and controls interest rate risk. 

Financial
institutions derive their income primarily from the excess of interest collected over interest paid. The rates of interest an institution
earns on its assets and owes on its liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Since market interest rates
change over time, an institution is exposed to lower profit margins (or losses) if it cannot adapt to interest rate changes. For example,
assume that an institution s assets carry intermediate or long-term fixed rates and that those assets are funded with short- term
liabilities. If market interest rates rise by the time the short-term liabilities must be refinanced, the increase in the institution s
interest expense on its liabilities may not be sufficiently offset if assets continue to earn at the long-term fixed rates. Accordingly,
an institution s profits could decrease on existing assets because the institution will either have lower net interest income or
possibly, net interest expense. Similar risks exist when assets are subject to contractual interest rate ceilings, or rate-sensitive
assets are funded by longer-term, fixed-rate liabilities in a declining rate environment. 

There are several ways an institution can manage
interest rate risk including: 1) matching repricing periods for new assets and liabilities, for example, by shortening or lengthening
terms of new loans, investments, or liabilities; 2) selling existing assets or repaying certain liabilities; and 3) hedging existing assets,
liabilities, or anticipated transactions. An institution might also invest in more complex financial instruments intended to hedge or
otherwise change interest rate risk. Interest rate swaps, futures contracts, options on futures contracts, and other such derivative financial
instruments can be used for this purpose. Because these instruments are sensitive to interest rate changes, they require management s
expertise to be effective. The Company has not purchased derivative financial instruments in the past, but during 2022 and 2021 the Company
entered into interest rate swap agreements as an accommodation to certain loan customers (see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
The Company may purchase such instruments in the future if market conditions are favorable. 

The
Company manages its interest rate risk by the employment of strategies to assure that desired levels of both interest-earning assets
and interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice with similar time frames. Such strategies include: 1) loans receivable which are renewed
(and repriced) annually, 2) variable rate loans, 3) certificates of deposit with terms from one month to six years, 4) securities available-for-sale
which mature at various times primarily from one through ten years, 5) federal funds borrowings with terms of one day to 90 days, and
6) FHLB borrowings with terms of one day to ten years. 

Management
believes the most significant impact on financial results is the Company s ability to react to changes in interest rates. Management
seeks to maintain an essentially balanced position between interest sensitive assets and liabilities and actively manages loan, security,
and liability maturities in order to protect against the effects of wide interest rate fluctuations on net income and shareholders 
equity. 

48 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and other supplementary data follow. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (FORVIS, LLP) (PCAOB ID: F-40 

F- 1 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 
at December 31, 

in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Cash
 and due from banks 

Interest
 bearing time deposits 

Available-for-sale
 securities 

Loans
 held for sale 

Loans,
 net of unearned income 

Allowance
 for loan losses 

Premises
 and equipment, net 

Federal
 Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, at cost 

Foreclosed
 assets and other assets held for sale, net 

Interest
 receivable 

Goodwill 

Cash value of life insurance 

Mortgage
 servicing rights 

Other
 assets 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities and shareholders 
 equity 

Liabilities 

Deposits 

Non
 interest bearing demand 

Interest
 bearing demand 

Savings 

Money
 market 

Time
 deposits 

Total
 deposits 

Repurchase
 agreements 

Federal
 Home Loan Bank advances 

Trust
 preferred securities 

Subordinated
 debt net of issuance costs 

Interest
 payable 

Other
 liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments Contingent
 Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity 

Preferred stock, no par value; authorized shares; 2022 - shares outstanding, 2021 - shares outstanding 

- 
 - 
 
 Common stock, no par
 value; 

2022 - shares authorized, shares issued; 2021 - shares authorized, shares issued 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Treasury
 stock, at cost; 

(2022 - common shares; 2021 - common shares) 

Total
 shareholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 2 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Income 
Years Ended December 31, 

in thousands,
 except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest Income 

Loans 

Taxable 

Tax
 exempt 

Securities 

Taxable 

Tax
 exempt 

Total
 interest income 

Interest Expense 

Deposits 

Repurchase
 agreements other 

Federal
 Home Loan Bank advance expense 

Trust
 preferred securities expense 

Subordinated
 debt expense 

Total
 interest expense 

Net Interest Income 

Provision
 for loan losses 
 - 

Net
 interest income after provision for loan losses 

Noninterest Income 

Wealth
 management fees 

Customer
 service fees 

Gain
 on sale of mortgage loans OMSR 

Mortgage
 loan servicing fees, net 

Gain
 on sale of non-mortgage loans 

Title
 insurance income 

Other
 income 

Total
 noninterest income 

Noninterest Expense 

Salaries
 and employee benefits 

Net
 occupancy expense 

Equipment
 expense 

Data
 processing fees 

Professional
 fees 

Marketing
 expense 

Telephone
 and communications 

Postage
 and delivery expense 

State,
 local and other taxes 

Employee
 expense 

Other
 expense 

Total
 noninterest expense 

Income before income tax 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net Income 

Basic earnings per common
 share 

Diluted earnings per common
 share 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
Years Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) 

Available
 for sale investment securities: 

Gross
 unrealized holding (loss) arising in the period 

Related
 tax benefit 

Net
 effect on other comprehensive (loss) 

Total
 comprehensive income (loss) 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 
Years Ended December 31, 

Accumulated
 Other 

in thousands, except
 per share data) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Comprehensive 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Total 
 
 January 1,
 2022 

Net income 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Stock dividends on common shares) 

Dividends on common, per share 

Restricted
 stock vesting 

- 
 
 Repurchased stock shares) 

Stock
 based compensation expense 

December
 31, 2022 

Accumulated
 Other 

in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Comprehensive 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Total 
 
 January 1,
 2021 

Net income 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Dividends on common, per share 

Restricted
 stock vesting 

- 
 
 Repurchased stock shares) 

Stock
 based compensation expense 

December
 31, 2021 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Investing Activities Years Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net Income 

Items not requiring (providing) cash 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for loan losses 
 -

Expense of share-based compensation plan 

Amortization of premiums and discounts on securities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of originated mortgage servicing rights 

Impairment (recovery) of mortgage servicing rights 

Deferred income taxes 

Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 

Originations of loans held for sale 

Gain from sale of loans 

Changes in 

Interest receivable 

Other assets 

Interest payable other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Purchases of available-for-sale securities 

Proceeds from maturities of interest bearing time deposits 

Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities 

Net change in loans 

Purchase of premises, equipment 

Purchase of bank owned life insurance 

Purchase of Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets 

Acquisition, net of cash acquired (paid) 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Net increase (decrease) in demand deposits, money 

market, interest checking savings accounts 

Net increase (decrease) in time deposits 

Net decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Stock repurchase plan 

Dividends on common shares 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 -

Supplemental non-cash disclosure 

Recognition of right-of-use lease assets 
 -

Transfer of loans to foreclosed assets 

Stock dividends declared and paid 
 
 -

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

SB
Financial Group, Inc. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million. Additionally, the Company had approximately million of cash held by the FRB and the FHLB, which is not federally insured. 

F- 7 

F- 8 

to . Such assets are periodically
evaluated as to the recoverability of their carrying value. Purchased software is being amortized using the straight-line method over
periods ranging from to . 

F- 9 

F- 10 

percent; the term upon examination 
also includes resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than percent likelihood of
being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether
or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances and information available
at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. 

million related to its Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated
Notes due 2031, which were issued and sold by the Company on May 27, 2021. The Subordinated Notes were issued in order to provide additional
funds for various corporate obligations of the Company, including share buybacks, acquisition costs and organic asset growth (see Note
13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

F- 11 

million and 
million upon adoption as of January 1, 2023. In addition, the Company expects to establish a related reserve for unfunded commitments
of between million and million as of January 1, 2023. 

F- 12 

Less net income allocated to participating securities 

Net income allocated to common shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per share 

Average participating securities 

Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per share 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

percent common stock dividend payable on February
4, 2022, to shareholders of record as of January 21, 2022. Holders of the Company s common shares as of the record date received
one additional common share for every twenty common shares held on the record date. No fractional shares were issued, and shareholders
received cash for such fractional interests based on the closing price of of the Company s common shares on the record date. 

F- 13 

percent common stock dividend been included in the Company s 2021 financial statements, common shares outstanding would have
increased by approximately and diluted earnings per share, assuming the shares were outstanding for the entire year would have
decreased by per share. 

to .The
addition of these authorized shares did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

-

Mortgage-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Other corporate securities 
 
 -

Totals 

Mortgage-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Other corporate securities 

Totals 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Totals 

F- 14 

million at December 31,
2022, and million at December 31, 2021. Securities delivered for repurchase agreements (not included above) were million
at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was approximately
 percent and percent, respectively, of the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio. 

Mortgage-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Other corporate securities 

Totals 

-
 
 -

Mortgage-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

-
 
 -

Other corporate securities 

-
 
 -

Totals 

million as of December 31, 2022, from the prior year. Management reviews
these securities on a quarterly basis and has determined that no impairment exists. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary
impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concern warrants such evaluation. When the Company
does not intend to sell a debt security, and it is more likely than not the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery
of its cost basis, it recognizes the credit component of an other- than-temporary impairment of a debt security in earnings and the remaining
portion in other comprehensive income (loss). 

F- 15 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

-

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

Agricultural 

-
 
 -

Residential real estate 

Home equity line of credit (HELOC) 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Net deferred costs (fees) 

Total loans, net deferred costs (fees) 

Allowance for loan losses 

Standby letters of credit 

Totals 

F- 16 

Charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Recoveries 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Provision 

-

Ending balance 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Totals 

Loans: 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 

-

Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Totals 

F- 17 

Charge offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Recoveries 
 
 -
 
 -

Provision (credit) 

Ending balance 

-

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

Totals 

Loans: 

Ending balance: individually
 evaluated for impairment 

-

Ending balance: collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

Totals 

and non-homogeneous loans, such as commercial and commercial real estate
loans. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

F- 18 

Special Mention (5) 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard (6) 
 
 -

-

Doubtful (7) 
 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Loss (8) 

Total Loans 

Special Mention (5) 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard (6) 
 
 -

-

Doubtful (7) 

-

-
 
 -

Loss (8) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Loans 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 
 
 -

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 

Total Loans 

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 

Total Loans 

F- 19 

-

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

-

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

-

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

With a specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial industrial 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Totals: 

Commercial industrial 

-

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

-

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

-

- 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

-

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

-

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

With a specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial industrial 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

- 
 
 Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Totals: 

Commercial industrial 

-

Commercial real estate - owner occupied 

-

- 
 
 Commercial real estate - nonowner occupied 

Agricultural 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Residential real estate 

HELOC 

Consumer 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 20 

are included in groups of homogenous loans. These loans are evaluated based on delinquency status. Interest
income recognized on a cash basis does not materially differ from interest income recognized on an accrual basis. 

F- 21 

Total modifications 

Total modifications 
 -
 
 -

loans with a total balance of million. As of December 31, 2022, only one PPP loan remained outstanding. Fees
for PPP loan originations totaled million, of which million and million were taken into income during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Effect of change in compostioin of directors and executive officers 
 
 -

New Term Loans 
 -
 
 -

Repayment of term loans 

Changes in balances of revolving lines of credit 

Balance at end of period 

Buildings and improvements 

Equipment 

Construction in process 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net premises and equipment 

F- 22 

million in goodwill. The balance
of goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

Acquired goodwill 
 -

Measurement period adjustments 
 
 -

Ending balance 

Customer relationship intangible 

Banking intangibles 

million and million, respectively. Estimated amortization
expense for each of the following is immaterial. 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contractually specified
servicing fees of approximately million and million were included in mortgage loan servicing fees in the consolidated income
statement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 23 

Mortgage servicing rights capitalized during the year 

Mortgage servicing rights amortization during the year 

Net change in valuation allowance 

Carrying amount, end of year 

Valuation allowance: 

Beginning of year 

Increase (reduction) 

End of year 

Fair value, beginning of period 

Fair value, end of period 

F- 24 

IRLCs 
 -
 
 -

Forward contracts 

-
 
 -

Total contracts 

Liability Derivatives 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Interest rate swaps associated with loans 

Forward contracts 
 -
 
 -

IRLCs 

-
 
 -

Total contracts 

IRLCs 

Forward contracts 

-

December 31, 2021 

Interest rate swaps 

-
 
 -

F- 25 

-
 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Interest rate swaps 

-

or more totaled million on December 31, 2022 and million on December 31,
2021. Certificates of deposit obtained from brokers totaled million as of December 31, 2022. There were no certificates
of deposits from brokers as of December 31, 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million and million, respectively, of deposits which were obtained through
the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS ). This service allows deposit customers to maintain fully insured
balances in excess of the FDIC limit without the inconvenience of having multi-banking relationships. Under the reciprocal program
that the Company is currently participating in, customers agree to allow their deposits to be placed with other participating banks in
the CDARS program in insurable amounts under . In exchange, other banks in the program agree to place their deposits with the
Company also in insurable amounts under . 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 26 

million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and mortgage-backed securities
of million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. . At December 31, 2022, these repurchase agreements totaled million. The maximum amount of outstanding agreements
at any month end during 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively, and the monthly average of such
agreements totaled million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million in federal funds lines, of which none were drawn. 

million in mortgage loans at December 31, 2022. Advances consisted of fixed and variable interest
rates from to percent. Fixed rate advances are subject to restrictions or penalties in the event of prepayment. Aggregate annual
maturities of FHLB advances at December 31, 2022, were: 

Total 

The balance of the Capital Securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million, with a maturity
date of . 

million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031 (the Notes ).
The Notes were sold by the Company in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

The Company incurred
debt issuance costs for placement fees, legal and other out-of-pocket expenses of approximately million, which are being
amortized over the life of the Notes. 

F- 27 

Deferred provision 

Income tax expense 

Increase (decrease) resulting from 

Tax exempt interest 

BOLI income 

Sec. 831(b) election 

Other 

Actual tax expense 

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 

Capitalized research and development costs 
 
 -

Accrued bonus 

Net operating loss 
 
 -

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

Prepaids 

Net deferred loan costs 

Section 475 MTM 

FHLB stock dividends 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

F- 28 

Tier I Common equity capital to risk-weighted assets 

Tier I Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Total Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 

As of December 31, 2021 

Tier I Capital to average assets 

Tier I Common equity capital to risk-weighted assets 

Tier I Capital to risk-weighted assets 

Total Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 

percent at
December 31, 2022 and the Company still would have met the minimum capital requirements when the capital buffer is considered. The net
unrealized gain or loss on available-for-sale securities is not included in computing regulatory capital. Management believes as of December
31, 2022, State Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

F- 29 

of an employees salary deferral amounts up to of the employees eligible compensation. Employees are immediately
vested in their voluntary contributions and in any Company safe harbor matching contributions. Employer contributions charged to expense for 2022 and 2021 were 
million and million, respectively. 

The charges to expense for the current agreements were million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in BOLI policies were purchased. The cash surrender
value of all life insurance policies totaled million
and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

million and million, respectively. 

common shares of the Company. 

of continuous service and have -year contractual terms. The fair value of each option award
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. There were no options granted in 2022 or 2021. There were
no stock options outstanding, and no compensation expense charged against income with respect to option awards under the Plan, as of
December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

F- 30 

- period and are intended to assist the Company in retention
of key executives. During 2022 and 2021, the Company met certain performance targets and restricted stock awards were approved by the
Board. The compensation cost charged against income for the LTI Plan was million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for share-based compensation arrangements was million and million
for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested, December 31, 2022 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non- vested share-based compensation
arrangements related to the restricted stock awards under the 2017 Plan which were granted in accordance with the LTI Plan. That cost
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

F- 31 

-

-

Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 -

-

State and political subdivisions 
 
 -

-

Other corporate securities 
 
 -

-

Interest rate contracts - assets 
 
 -

-

Interest rate contracts - liabilities 
 
 -

-

Forward contracts 

-
 
 -

IRLCs 
 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 -

-

State and political subdivisions 
 
 -

-

Other corporate securities 
 
 -

-

Interest rate contracts - assets 
 
 -

-

Interest rate contracts - liabilities 
 
 -

-

Forward contracts 

-
 
 -

IRLCs 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 32 

Total realized gains (losses) 

Change in fair value 

Balance at end of period 

-
 
 -

Mortgage servicing rights 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Mortgage servicing rights 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 33 

8 - 21 (12 
 
 Mortgage servicing rights 

11.39 

7.52 

4.35 

4.58 

3.50 

IRLCs 

- 99 

6.4 - 18 (13 

Mortgage servicing rights 

8.65 

10.94 

0.10 

1.25 

1.50 

IRLCs 

- 99 

percent decrease in the constant prepayment
rate reflects the change in market rates. In addition, the earnings credit rate decreased and the discount rate increased. 

days or less, and do not represent unanticipated credit concerns. 

F- 34 

-
 
 -

Interest bearing time deposits 

-

-

Loans held for sale 

-

-

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

-
 
 -

Federal Reserve and FHLB Bank stock, at cost 

-

-

Interest receivable 

-

-

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

-

Short-term borrowings 

-

-

FHLB advances 

-

-

Trust preferred securities 

-

-

Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Interest payable 

-

-

F- 35 

-
 
 -

Interest bearing time deposits 

-

-

Loans held for sale 

-

-

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

-
 
 -

Federal Reserve and FHLB Bank stock, at cost 

-

-

Interest receivable 

-

-

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

-

Short-term borrowings 

-

-

FHLB advances 

-

-

Trust preferred securities 

-

-

Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 

-

-

Interest payable 

-

-

Investment in banking subsidiaries 

Investment in nonbanking subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Trust preferred securities 

Sub debt net of issuance cost 

Borrowings from nonbanking subsidiaries 

Other liabilities accrued interest payable 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

F- 36 

Nonbanking subsidiaries 

Total income 

Expenses 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Total expenses 

Income before income tax 

Income tax benefit 

Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Banking subsidiaries 

Nonbanking subsidiaries 

Total 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Available-for-sale investment securities: 

Gross unrealized holding gain (loss) arising in the period 

Related tax (expense) benefit 

Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

F- 37 

Items not requiring (providing) cash 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Stock compensation expense 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities 

Capital contributed to nonbanking subsidiary 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Financing activities 

Dividends on common shares 

Stock dividends on common shares 
 
 - 
 
 Repurchase of common shares 

Proceeds from sub-debt net of issuance cost 
 - 

Other financing activities 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

F- 38 

Quarterly
Financial Information (unaudited) 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Dividends per share 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for loan losses 
 -

-

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Dividends per share 

F- 39 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
SB Financial Group, Inc. 

Defiance,
Ohio 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of SB Financial Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. 

We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the
critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 40 

Allowances
for Loan Losses 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company s consolidated allowance for loan and lease losses (ALLL) was 13.8
million at December 31, 2022. The Company also describes in Note 1 of the financial statements the accounting policy around this estimate.
The ALLL is an estimate of losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The determination of the reserve requires significant judgment
reflecting the Company s best estimate of probable loan and lease losses. The estimate consists of several key elements, which
include: specific reserves for impaired loans, general reserves for each business lending division portfolio including percentage allocations
for special attention loans and leases not deemed impaired, and reserves for pooled homogenous loans and leases, among others. The Company s
evaluation is based upon a continuing review of these portfolios, estimates of customer performance, collateral values and dispositions,
and assessments of economic and geopolitical events, all of which are subject to judgment and will change. 

We
identified the valuation of the ALLL as a critical audit matter. Auditing the ALLL involves a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating
management s estimates, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors
used to adjust historical loss rates, evaluating the adequacy of specific reserves associated with impaired loans and assessing the appropriateness
of loan grades. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the estimated allowance for loan losses included: 

Testing
 the design of internal controls, including those related to technology, over the ALLL including
 data completeness and accuracy, classifications of loans by loan segment, historical loss
 data, the calculation of a loss rate, the establishment of qualitative adjustments, grading
 and risk classification of loans and establishment of specific reserves on impaired loans
 and management s review controls over the ALLL balance. 

Testing
 clerical/computational accuracy of the formulas within the ALLL model. 

Testing
 of completeness and accuracy of the information and reports utilized in the ALLL, including
 reports used in management review controls over the ALLL. 

Computing
 an independent calculation of an acceptable range and comparing it to the Company s
 estimate. 

Evaluating
 the qualitative adjustment to the historical loss rates, including assessing the basis for
 the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions. 

Testing
 of the loan review function and the accuracy of loan grades determined. Specifically, utilizing
 internal loan grading professionals to assist us in evaluating the appropriateness of loan
 grades and to assess the reasonableness of specific impairments on loans. 

Evaluating
the overall reasonableness of qualitative factors and the appropriateness of their direction and magnitude and the Company s support
for the direction and magnitude compared to previous years. 

/s/
 (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 2022. 

,
Indiana 

March 7, 2023 

F- 41 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

With
the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (the principal executive officer) and the Chief Financial Officer (the principal financial
officer) of the Company, the Company s management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that: 

Information
 required to be disclosed by the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports
 which the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act would be accumulated and communicated
 to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
 financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; 

Information
 required to be disclosed by the Company in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports
 which the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act would be recorded, processed, summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and 

The
 Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the fiscal
 year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and
 that receipts and expenditures of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention of timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of the assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

49 

With
the supervision and participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of December, 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting is effective. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only
management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a- 15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
Applicable. 

50 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors of the Company and the nominees for election as directors
of the Company at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 19, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting ), is incorporated
herein by reference from the disclosure included in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting
(the 2023 Proxy Statement ), under the caption PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS . The information
concerning the executive officers of the Company required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K is set forth in the portion of Part I of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Supplemental Item: Information about our Executive Officers. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

The
information required by Item 405 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the caption SECTION 16(a) REPORTS. 

Committee
Charters and Code of Conduct and Ethics 

The
Company s Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Governance
and Nominating Committee. Copies of these charters are available on the Company s Internet website at www.YourSBFinancial.com by
first clicking Corporate Governance and then Supplementary Info . The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct
and Ethics that applies to the Company s directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Conduct and Ethics is available
on the Company s Internet website at www.YourSBFinancial.com under the Corporate Governance tab. Interested persons
may also obtain copies of the Code of Conduct and Ethics, the Audit Committee charter, the Compensation Committee charter and the Governance
and Nominating Committee charter, without charge, by writing to SB Financial Group, Inc., Attn: Keeta J. Diller, 401 Clinton Street,
Defiance, OH 43512. 

51 

Audit
Committee 

The
information required by Items 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included
under the caption MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Audit Risk Management Committee in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
procedures by which shareholders of the Company may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors are described under
the caption CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Nominations of Directors in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement. The
procedures by which shareholders of the Company many recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors have not materially
changed from those described in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on April
20, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation . 

The
executive compensation information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the captions COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS , EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN INFORMATION ,
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION , and COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION . 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

The
information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the caption SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT . 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
SB Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the
2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

The
following table shows, as of December 31, 2022, the number of common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options, the
weighted-average exercise price of those stock options, and the number of common shares remaining for future issuance under the Company s
equity compensation plans (excluding common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options): 

Equity compensation plans 
 approved by security holders 
 
 in thousands, except per share data) 
 2017 Plan 
 
 a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights- 
 - 
 
 b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights- 
 - 
 
 c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation
 plans (excluding securities reflected in row a) 
 370,286 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

The
information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure contained in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the caption TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS . 

The
information required by Item 407(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure contained in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the caption CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Director Independence . 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required to be disclosed in this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure contained in the Company s
2023 Proxy Statement under the caption AUDIT RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE . 

52 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial
Statements 

The
following consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereof: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (FORVIS, LLP) 

(a)(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required
under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The
documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the signature page of this Form 10-K are filed/furnished with this
Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference as noted. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K is identified as such in the Index to Exhibits. 

(b) Exhibits 

The
documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the signature page of this Form 10-K are filed/furnished with this
Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference as noted. 

(c) Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
Applicable. 

53 

Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 Articles of the Company 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021
 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended Articles of the Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 27, 1993 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018
 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended Articles of the Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 30, 1997 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997
 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended Articles of the Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on May 27, 2011 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2011 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended Articles of the Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on April 12, 2013 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 18, 2013 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment by Directors or Incorporators to Articles filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio on November 6, 2014 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 12, 2014 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended Articles of the Company as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on January 25, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27, 2022 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amended
 Articles of the Company, as amended (reflecting amendments through January 25, 2022) [for SEC reporting compliance purposes only
 not filed with the Ohio Secretary of State] 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021
 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Regulations of the Company 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005
 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate
 Regarding Adoption of Amendment to Section 2.01 of the Amended and Restated Regulations of the Company by the Shareholders on April
 16, 2009 
 
 Incorporate
 herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 22, 2009 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of 3.65 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2021 (File No. 0-13507). 

54 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

4.2 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the several Purchasers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2021 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2005, by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as Debenture Trustee, relating to Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2005 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Rurban Statutory Trust II, dated as of September 15, 2005 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2005 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2005, by and between the Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2005 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Agreement to furnish instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Common Shares of the Company 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 10.1 
 
 The Company s Plan to Allow Directors to Elect to Defer Compensation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employees Stock Ownership and Savings Plan of the Company 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(y) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of the Company 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(z) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, between the Company and Mark A. Klein 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No. 01-36785). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, between the Company and Mark A. Klein 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No. 01-36785). 

55 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, between the Company and Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No. 01-36785). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control Agreement, dated January 22, 2018, between the Company and David A. Homoelle 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between the Company and Mark A. Klein 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No 01-36785). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amended Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between the Company and Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No 01-36785). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between the Company and David A. Homoelle 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 10.11 
 
 2017 Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement, dated as of January 22, 2018, between and The State Bank and Trust Company and Mark A. Klein 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(a) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No 01-36785). 
 
 10.12 
 
 2017 Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement, dated as of January 22, 2018, between and The State Bank and Trust Company and Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2018 (File No 01-36785). 
 
 10.13 
 
 2017 Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement, dated as of January 22, 2018, between and The State Bank and Trust Company and David A. Homoelle 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 31-36785). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company effective as of January 1, 2007 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan for the Company and Affiliates 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 20, 2012 (File No. 0-13507). 
 
 10.16 
 
 SB Financial Group 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 31-36785). 

56 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

10.17 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (For Employees) under the Company s 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 11 
 
 Statement
Regarding Computation of Per Share Earnings 
 
 Included
in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of Registrant filed herewith as Exhibit 13. 
 
 13 
 
 2022
 Annual Report of Registrant (not deemed filed except for portions thereof which are specifically incorporated by reference in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 Specified
 portions filed herewith. 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Included
 on signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following materials from SB Financial Group Inc. s 2022 Annual Report and incorporated therefrom in SB Financial Group,
 Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (extensible business
 reporting language) pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021;
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (electronically submitted
 herewith). 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SB FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 Date: March 7, 2023 
 
 Anthony V. Cosentino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Power
of Attorney 

KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each undersigned officer and/or director of SB Financial Group, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ),
which is about to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, hereby constitutes
and appoints Mark A. Klein and Anthony V. Cosentino, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full
power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign both the Annual
Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments and documents related thereto, and to file the same, and any and all exhibits, financial
statements and schedules related thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the NASDAQ Stock Market, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and substitute or substitutes, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and
purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all things that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents,
or either of them or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Date 
 
 Capacity 

/s/ Mark A. Klein 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief 
 
 Mark A. Klein 

Executive Officer 

/s/ Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief 
 
 Anthony V. Cosentino 

Financial Officer 

/s/ George W. Carter 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 George W. Carter 

/s/ Gaylyn J. Finn 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Gaylyn J. Finn 

/s/Richard L. Hardgrove 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard L. Hardgrove 

/s/Tom R. Helberg 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Tom R. Helberg 

/s/ Rita A. Kissner 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Rita A. Kissner 

/s/ Mark A. Klein 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark A. Klein 

/s/ William G. Martin 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 William G. Martin 

/s/ Timothy J. Stolly 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Timothy J. Stolly 

/s/ Timothy L. Claxton 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Director 
 
 Timothy L. Claxton 

Date: March 7, 2023 

58 

Officers
 List 
 MICHAEL
 R. DULLE 
 MARK
 D. CASSIN 

SB
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 Vice
President Corporate Training and Development 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Bowling
 Green Toledo Market Executive 

Coordinator 

MARK
 A. KLEIN 
 
 ANDREW
 S. FARLEY 
 
 Chairman,
 President and 
 RONDA
 M. HERKO 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Vice
 President 
 Lima
 Market Executive 

Interim
 HR Manager 

ANTHONY
 V. COSENTINO 
 
 STEFAN
 R. HARTMAN 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 RONALD
 E. SPANGLER 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Vice
 President 
 Fort
 Wayne Market Executive 

Loan
 Review Officer 

KEETA
 J. DILLER 
 
 DALE
 E. LOUDEN 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 MELISSA
 A. TACKETT 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Corporate
 Secretary 
 Vice
 President 
 Market
 Executive, Indianapolis 

The
 State Bank and Trust Company 
 Compliance
 Management Specialist 
 
 TYSON
 R. MOSS 

BLAKE
 A. WILLIAMS 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Administration 
 Vice
 President 
 Fulton/Williams
 County 

Corporate
 Sales Champion 
 Market
 Executive 
 
 MARK
 A. KLEIN 

Chairman,
 President and 
 MARC
 H. BEACH 
 CHRISTOPHER
 A. WEBB 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 Senior
 Vice President 

Facility/Property
 Coordinator 
 Findlay
 Market Executive 
 
 ANTHONY
 V. COSENTINO 

Executive
 Vice President 
 THERESA
 M. GINEMAN 
 Commercial
 Banking 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 

Loan
 Review Officer 
 TIMOTHY
 P. MOSER 
 
 KEETA
 J. DILLER 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 SEAN
 M. GORMAN 
 Ag
 Lending Manager 
 
 Chief
 Risk Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 

Asset
 Liability Manager 
 ROLLAND
 C. (COREY) DEMING 
 
 ERNESTO
 GAYTAN 
 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 DAWN
 M. HUTCHESON 
 Commercial
 Services Officer III 
 
 Chief
 Technology Innovation Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 

Accountant
 III 
 ROBERT
 D. EGGLETON 
 
 STEVEN
 A. WALZ 
 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Executive
 Vice President 
 CATHERINE
 E. PERRY 
 Commercial
 Services Officer III 
 
 Chief
 Lending Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 

Quality
 Control Manager 
 PAUL
 C. ERWIN 
 
 CAROL
 M. ROBBINS 
 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 CODI
 L. KING 
 Commercial
 Services Officer III 
 
 Controller 
 Officer,
 BSA Officer 

ANDREW
 J. KIESS 
 
 JENNIFER
 A. SWIECH 
 SARAH
 S. MEKUS 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Officer,
 Executive Assistant 
 Commercial
 Services Officer I 
 
 Director
 of Legal, CRA Fair Lending 
 Corporate
 Secretary 

SHAUN
 N. MACK 
 
 ABAGALE
 M. WATERS 
 Regional
 Executives 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 Commercial
 Services Officer I 
 
 Director
 of Human Resources 
 DAVID
 A. HOMOELLE 

Columbus
 Regional President 

NICHOLE
 T. WICHMAN 

Senior
 Vice President 

Chief
 Marketing Officer 

59 

Credit
 Administration 
 Mortgage
 Lending 
 ROBERT
 W. WARNER 
 Vice
 President 
 
 MICHAEL
 D. EBBESKOTTE 
 RICHARD
 A. SMITH 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Senior
 Vice President 

Credit
 Administration Manager 
 Residential
 Real Estate Sales 
 RHONDA
 S. CLARK 

Manager
 - Indianapolis Region 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 AMY
 M. HOFFMAN 
 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 STEVEN
 J. WATSON 

Chief
 Credit Officer 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 ADRIANNE
 M. FLEEMAN 

Residential
 Real Estate Sales 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 ERICA
 R. BARE 
 Manager
 - Columbus Region 
 Senior
 RRE Underwriter 
 
 Vice
 President 

Senior
 Credit Analyst 
 DENISE
 S. DAVENPORT 
 GORDON
 L. KAYLOR 

Vice
 President 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 ANDREW
 M. RICKENBERG 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Community
 Development Officer 
 
 Collections
 and Resource Recovery 
 KIMBERLY
 W. DONOVAN 

Administrator 
 Vice
 President 
 RYAN
 G. SIBLEY 

Senior
 RRE Underwriting 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 Information
 Technology and 
 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 
 Operations 

SUSAN
 A. ERHART 
 TAMARA
 D. TRENKAMP 
 
 MELINDA
 L. CLINE 
 Vice
 President 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Senior
 RRE Underwriter 
 Community
 Development Mortgage 
 
 Director
 of Lending Operations 
 
 Loan
 Originator 

JOYCE
 A. FERGUSON 

KRISTEN
 K. NUSBAUM 
 Vice
 President 
 ZACHARY
 M. WILLIAMS 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 Director
 of Deposit Operations 
 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 

ANDREW
 C. PATTON 

ANN
 M. FISHPAW 
 Vice
 President 
 JACQUELON
 C. WILSON 
 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 Residential
 Construction Manager 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 Depoist
 Services Specialist, Lead 
 
 Community
 Development Mortgage 

JARED
 M. PEREZ 
 Loan
 Originator 
 
 TADD
 J. BROOKET 
 Vice
 President 

Senior
 Vice President 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 

Director
 of IT Infrastructure 

SUZANNE
 M. REICHARD 

GARY
 A. SAXMAN 
 Vice
 President 

Vice
 President 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 

Data
 Processing Engineer 

ANDREW
 B. SISSON 

STEVEN
 E. STRUBLE 
 Vice
 President 

Vice
 President 
 Regional
 Mortgage Operations Manager 

IT
 Leader, Fiserv Platform 

BRIAN
 E. SMITH 

JEFF
 A. EITZMAN 
 Vice
 President 

Assistant
 Vice President 
 Encompass
 Administrator 

Systems
 Administrator- Operations 

MARK
 D. SPANGLER 

AMANDA
 D. VOGELSONG 
 Vice
 President 

Assistant
 Vice President 
 Director
 of Mortgage Administration 

Process
 Engineer - Deposits 

KAREN
 A. VARNER 

SUSAN
 A. LONG 
 Vice
 President 

Officer 
 Outside
 Mortgage Sales Loan Originator 

Quality
 Control Analyst - Deposits 

60 

Private
 Banking 
 SBA/
 Small Business Lending 
 KELLY
 W. CLEVELAND 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 
 MICHELE
 G. COOPER 
 BRANDON
 S. GERKEN 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 
 Senior
 Vice President 

PCG
 Private Banker 
 SBA/Small
 Business 
 KATIE
 N. CLEMENTZ 

Lending
 Manager 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 RACHEL
 R. COPELAND 
 
 Trust
 Operations Services Manager 
 
 Vice
 President 
 KYLE
 A. FRISCH 

PCG
 Private Banker 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 CORINA
 KEMPE 

Small
 Business Lender 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 KASEY
 A. SCHWARTZ 
 
 WM
 Advisor/Director of 
 
 Vice
 President 
 MAUREEN
 G. KILLION 
 Brokerage
 Services 
 
 Director
 of Private Banking 
 Officer 

Small
 Business Lender 
 MARK
 G. FROELICH 
 
 SUSAN
 F. WEST 
 
 Officer 
 
 Vice
 President 
 Treasury
 Management 
 Wealth
 Management Advisor 
 
 PCG
 Private Banker 
 
 SEAN
 L. LAFONTAINE 
 
 SBFG
 Title, LLC 
 
 JASON
 S. MAY 
 Vice
 President 

Assistant
 Vice President 
 Director
 of Treasury Management 
 DAWN
 E. VAN HORN 
 
 PCG
 Private Banker 
 
 Senior
 Vice President 

CLINTON
 B. BEASLEY 

Retail
 Banking 
 Vice
 President 
 LORI
 L. LAPE 

Treasury
 Management Officer 
 Assistant
 Vice President 
 
 NANCY
 E. RANKIN 
 
 Licensed
 Title Manager 
 
 Vice
 President 
 BROOKE
 C. FRAZEE 

Head
 of Retail Banking 
 Assistant
 Vice President 

Treasury
 Management Officer 

ANDREA
 P. JELLISON 

Assistant
 Vice President 
 Wealth
 Management 

Community
 Sales Lending Manager 

CHRISTOPHER
 P. JAKYMA 

JAMES
 R. STATES 
 Executive
 Vice President 

Assistant
 Vice President 
 Chief
 Wealth Management Officer 

Banking
 Center Sales Manager 

DAVID
 A. BELL 

Executive
 Vice President 

Retirement
 Services Manager 

DAVID
 A. ANDERSON 

Senior
 Vice President 

Business
 Development Officer 

61 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_sbfinancial.htm
 AGREEMENT TO FURNISH INSTRUMENTS AND AGREEMENTS DEFINING RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF LONG-TERM DEBT

Exhibit 4.6 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-17_sbfinancial.htm
 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (FOR EMPLOYEES) UNDER THE COMPANY'S 2017 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.17 

SB FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 2017 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 

For ________________________________ 

In recognition of your services
to SB Financial Group, Inc. and its current and future Subsidiaries (the Company ), the Compensation Committee (the
 Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has granted to you (the Grantee restricted
common shares, without par value, of the Company Restricted Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions described
in the SB Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this
 Award Agreement ). 

To ensure you fully understand
the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock, you should read the Plan and this Award Agreement carefully. Capitalized terms that
are not defined in this Award Agreement have the same meanings as in the Plan. 

You should return a signed copy of this Award Agreement
to: 

Keeta J. Diller 

 Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary 
 SB Financial Group, Inc. 
401 Clinton Street 
Defiance, Ohio 43512 

1. Summary of Your Restricted Stock 

Grant Date: _________________ 

Number of Shares of Restricted Stock: ______
Shares 

2. Transfer Restrictions and Restriction Periods 

(a) Transfer
Restrictions. Your Restricted Stock will be subject to a risk of forfeiture and the Company will hold the shares in escrow until the
shares of Restricted Stock vest as provided below (the Restriction Periods and the Restriction Periods lapse. Except
as described below, you may not sell, transfer, pledge, assign, alienate or hypothecate your shares of Restricted Stock. After the Restriction
Periods lapse, your Restricted Stock will be distributed to you or forfeited, depending on whether or not you satisfy the terms and conditions
described in this Award Agreement. 

(b) Restriction Periods. 

(i) Subject
to the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement (including Section 3), provided that you are continuously employed by the Company,
continuously serve as a member of the Advisory Board of the Company Advisory Board Member ), or continuously serve as a
member of the Board of Directors of the Company Director ), as applicable, the restrictions on your Restricted Stock
will lapse and the Restricted Stock will become fully vested according to the following schedule: 

(A) __ Shares on _____________; 

(B) __ Shares on _____________; 

(C) __ Shares on _____________; and 

(D) __ Shares on _____________. 

(ii) Notwithstanding
the foregoing and unless otherwise specified in a separate change in control agreement (or similar written agreement) between you and
the Company, the Restriction Periods will lapse and the Restricted Stock will become fully vested if an Applicable Event occurs. 

3. Effect of Retirement or Other Termination on Restricted Stock 

(a) Retirement. 
If before all shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder have vested you voluntarily terminate your service as an Employee or as an
Advisory Board Member and, if applicable, as a Director of the Company after (i) attaining the age of 62 and (ii) completing five years
of service to the Company Normal Retirement ), the Restricted Stock shall continue to vest under this Award Agreement
only if after the Grant Date you do not accept employment with or perform any services for any bank or bank affiliated entity that competes
with any line of business of the Company and that has operations in any of the Company s counties of operation (currently Allen,
Cuyahoga, Defiance, Delaware, Fulton, Franklin, Hancock, Lucas, Paulding, Seneca, Williams and Wood counties of Ohio; Allen, Hamilton
and Steuben counties of Indiana, and Monroe county of Michigan) and any additional counties in any states that may arise from Company
expansion, mergers and acquisitions, or corporate reorganizations after the Grant Date (the Non-Competition Restriction ).
You acknowledge that the time period, geographic scope, and scope of services covered by this restriction are reasonable in light of the
confidential and proprietary information to which you had access to while employed by the Company or served as an Advisory Board Member
and, if applicable, served as a Director of the Company. 

(b) Death
or Disability. If your service as an Employee or Advisory Board Member and, if applicable, as a Director of the Company terminates
due to your death or Disability, the Restriction Periods will lapse and the Restricted Stock will become fully vested on the date of your
termination. 

(c) Termination
for Any Other Reason. Except as provided in Section 2(b)(ii), if your service as an Employee or Advisory Board Member and, if applicable,
a Director of the Company terminates for any reason other than death, Disability or Normal Retirement, any unvested shares of Restricted
Stock will be forfeited on the date of your termination. 

2 

4. Settling Your Restricted Stock 

Your Restricted Stock will
be released from escrow and distributed to you as soon as practicable after all terms, restrictions and conditions described in the Plan
and this Award Agreement have been satisfied. Any fractional share of Restricted Stock will be forfeited. 

5. Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Covenants 

(a) Incorporation
of Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement. Either simultaneously with or previous to the date of this Award Agreement, you
entered into that certain Non-Disclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement with the Company dated ___________________________ (the ND/NS
Agreement ), which agreement is incorporated herein by reference. You acknowledge and agree that the ND/NS Agreement (and the
covenants set forth therein) is a valid and enforceable agreement and constitutes an essential element of this grant of Restricted Stock,
without which the Company would not have entered into this Award Agreement. 

(b) Breach
of ND/NS Agreement or Section 3(a). In the event you breach any covenant set forth in the ND/NS Agreement or in Section 3(a) of this
Award Agreement, as applicable, in addition to any and all remedies to which the Company is entitled under the ND/NS Agreement, you will
be required to reimburse the Company an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of any Restricted Stock that vested in the four years prior
to the breach (regardless of the reason for such vesting), with the Fair Market Value as to each amount of shares vesting as provided
in Section 2 based on the value of such shares, at the election of the Company in its sole discretion, either on the Grant Date, the date
of vesting, or the date of termination of your employment, service as an Advisory Board Member or service as a Director of the Company
(the Clawback Amount ). The Clawback Amount will be payable within 30 days after demand, either in cash or, with the
consent of the Company, by returning to the Company a number of shares of Stock with a Fair Market Value at the date of such return equal
to the Clawback Amount. 

(c) Breach
Following Normal Retirement. If your service terminates because of a Normal Retirement and you violate the terms of the ND/NS Agreement
or Section 3(a) of this Award Agreement, as applicable, in addition to any all remedies to which the Company is entitled under the ND/NS
Agreement, continued vesting of the your Restricted Stock shall immediately cease and the Company shall be entitled to the Clawback Amount
under Section 5(b) hereof. 

6. Other Rules Affecting
Your Restricted Stock 

(a) Rights
During the Restriction Periods. During the Restriction Periods (and even though the shares of Restricted Stock are held in escrow
until they are settled), you (i) may exercise full voting rights associated with the shares of Restricted Stock and (ii) will be entitled
to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to that Restricted Stock; provided, however, that if any dividends
or other distributions are paid in shares of Stock, those shares will be subject to the same provisions and restrictions on transfer and
forfeiture as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were issued under this Award Agreement. 

3 

(b) Beneficiary
Designation. You may name a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive Restricted Stock that has vested but has not been settled at the
time of your death by completing and filing with the Committee a written beneficiary designation on a form prescribed by the Committee.
If you have not completed a beneficiary designation form or if you wish to change your beneficiary, you may complete the beneficiary designation
form attached to this Award Agreement as Exhibit A . You do not need to designate a beneficiary now and no designation is required
to be completed as a condition of receiving your Restricted Stock. Upon your death, the Company will deliver any shares underlying your
Restricted Stock to your beneficiary upon receipt by the Company of proof of identity and the existence of a validly designated beneficiary
at the time of your death. However, if you die without designating a beneficiary or if you do not complete the form correctly, the Company
will deliver any shares underlying your Restricted Stock to the executor or administrator of your estate, or if no such executor or administrator
has been appointed to the knowledge of the Company, the Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver such Stock to your spouse or to any
one or more of your dependents as the Company may designate. 

(c) Tax
Withholding. The Company will have the right and is hereby authorized to deduct or withhold an amount sufficient to satisfy federal,
state and local taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the grant of your Restricted Stock. At the sole discretion of the
Committee, you may be permitted to satisfy the foregoing withholding liability by paying to the Company the withholding amount in cash,
through the delivery or attestation of shares of Stock you have owned for at least the previous six months (or such other period acceptable
under generally accepted accounting principles) with a Fair Market Value equal to the statutory minimum withholding liability or by having
the Company withhold shares of Stock that would otherwise be issued to you when your Restricted Stock is settled with a Fair Market Value
equal to the statutory minimum withholding liability. 

(d) Transferring
Your Restricted Stock. During the Restriction Periods, your Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise
alienated or hypothecated, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. However, as described in Section 6(b), you may designate
a beneficiary who may receive any Restricted Stock that is settled after your death. Also, with the Committee s consent, you may
be allowed to transfer your Restricted Stock to an immediate family member, a partnership consisting solely of immediate family members
or trusts for the benefit of immediate family members. Contact us at the address given on the first page of this Award Agreement if you
are interested in transferring your Restricted Stock to such a transferee. 

(e) Adjustments
to Your Restricted Stock. If there is a Stock dividend, Stock split, recapitalization (including payment of an extraordinary dividend),
merger, consolidation, combination, spin-off, distribution of assets to shareholders, exchange of shares or other similar corporate change
affecting the Stock, the Committee will appropriately adjust the number of shares of Restricted Stock and any other factors, limits or
terms affecting your Restricted Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an adjustment will be made only to the extent such adjustment complies
with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent applicable. 

4 

(f) Restrictions
on Transfer of Stock. Shares of Stock tendered under this Award Agreement may be subject to any stock transfer orders and other restrictions
that the Committee believes to be advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
any exchange, market or other quotation system on or through which the Company s securities are then traded, or any applicable federal
or state securities law. The Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any certificates issued under this Award Agreement
to make appropriate reference to any restrictions. 

(g) Tenure. 
Nothing in the Plan or this Award Agreement shall confer upon you the right to continue as an Employee, Advisory Board Member or Director,
as applicable, of the Company or any Subsidiary or to otherwise modify the at will nature of your employment or service. 

7. Miscellaneous
Provisions 

(a) Governing
Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Award Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws (other than laws governing
conflicts of laws) of the State of Ohio. Except as provided in this Section, any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Award
Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas of Defiance County, Ohio, or the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio, and you expressly consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) the Company, and only the Company, in its sole discretion, may seek injunctive relief or other equitable remedies to
enforce the terms of this Award Agreement in any court of competent jurisdiction, and (ii) this Award Agreement shall not foreclose the
jurisdiction of any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA mandated arbitration nor prohibit or restrict
any registered representatives and employees of registered investment advisors from requesting arbitration of a dispute in the FINRA arbitration
forum as specified in FINRA Rules, provided that nothing in this Award Agreement shall prevent the Company from seeking injunctive relief
in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b) Reasonableness
of Restrictions . You agree that during the course of employment or service, you will acquire Confidential Information (as defined
in the ND/NS Agreement) about the business of the Company, its customers and prospective customers and other Confidential Information
of the Company, and that such Confidential Information if disclosed or used by you or used by others would provide an unfair advantage
in competing with the Company. Based upon the foregoing, Employee, Advisory Board Member, or Director acknowledges that the covenants
and restrictions contained in Sections 3, 5, and 6 of this Award Agreement (i) are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the
Company, (ii) do not impose undue hardship on the you and (iii) are not injurious to the public. It is the desire and intent of the parties
that the restrictions shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

(c) Covenants
and Restrictions Independent of Other Provisions. You acknowledge and agree that the covenants and restrictions in Sections 3, 5,
and 6 of this Award Agreement are essential elements of this Award Agreement and shall be construed as independent of any other provision
of this Award Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by you against the Company, whether predicated on this Award
Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of any of these covenants or restrictions. You
acknowledge and agree that if you breach any of these covenants or restrictions, the Company will suffer irreparable harm and will have
no adequate remedy at law. 

5 

(d) Severability. 
If the scope of any restriction contained in this Award Agreement is too broad to permit enforcement of such restriction to its fullest
extent, then such restriction will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. You hereby consent and agree that such scope may
be judicially modified accordingly in any proceeding brought to enforce such restriction, including by modifying its scope, deleting any
or all of the offending provisions, adding additional language to this Award Agreement, or by making any other modifications deemed necessary
to carry out the intent an agreement of the parties as expressed to the maximum extent permitted by law. You and the Company agree that
any modification made by a court will become part of the Agreement and treated as though originally set forth herein. If any portion of
this Award Agreement is held as unenforceable and stricken, such a holding will not affect the validity of the remainder of this Award
Agreement, the balance of which will continue to be binding on you and the Company. 

(e) Remedies
for Breach. You agree that any breach of this Award Agreement will result in irreparable harm to the Company for which monetary damages
are insufficient. In addition to any other legal or equitable rights the Company has, it will be entitled to restrain you from breaching
your obligations through temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief and to recover the Company s attorneys fees
and costs incurred in pursuing its rights. 

(f) Amendment
of Award Agreement. This Award Agreement may be amended by a written agreement signed by both parties to this Award Agreement; provided,
however, that the Company may amend this Award Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law without your consent or
any additional consideration, even if those amendments eliminate, restrict or reduce your rights under this Award Agreement. 

(g) Other
Terms and Conditions. Your Restricted Stock is subject to the terms and conditions described in this Award Agreement and the Plan,
which is incorporated by reference into and made a part of this Award Agreement. You acknowledge that you have read the Plan carefully,
that you have had an opportunity to ask questions of the Company s Executive Vice President and Secretary about this Award Agreement
and the Plan, and that you fully understand all the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock under this Award Agreement. In the event
of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan will govern. The Committee has
the sole responsibility of interpreting the Plan and this Award Agreement, and its determination of the meaning of any provision in the
Plan or this Award Agreement shall be binding on you. 

(h) Other
Agreements. Your Restricted Stock will be subject to the terms of any other written agreements between you and the Company, including
the ND/NS Agreement, to the extent that those other agreements do not directly conflict with the terms of the Plan or this Award Agreement. 

(i) Representations
Regarding Agreements with Other Parties. You represent and warrant to the Company that you are not subject to any agreement with any
third party, that could restrict the performance of your employment or service obligations to the Company, to include your obligations
under this Award Agreement, whether characterized as an agreement or agreements relating to non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality,
assignment of inventions, or trade secret license, and agree not to enter into any such agreements with third parties while you are employed
by or serving the Company. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Company harmless for any damages and legal expenses incurred in
the event that this representation is breached. 

(j) Signature
in Counterparts. This Award Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which will
constitute one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

6 

Your Acknowledgement 

By signing below as the Participant, 
you acknowledge and agree that: 

A copy of the Plan has been made available to you; 

You have read the Plan carefully; and 

You understand and accept the terms and conditions placed on your Restricted Stock. 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 SB FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

Print Name: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

Date: 

7 

EXHIBIT A 

SB FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 
2017 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION FORM 

Primary Beneficiary Designation. I designate the following person(s)
as my primary beneficiary or beneficiaries, in the proportion specified, to receive or to exercise any vested Awards under the SB Financial
Group, Inc. 20__ Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan that are unpaid or unexercised at my death: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

Note : You are not required to name more than one primary
beneficiary but, if you do, the sum of these percentages may not be greater than 100 percent. 

Contingent Beneficiary Designation. If one or more of my primary
beneficiaries dies before I die, I direct that any vested Awards under the Plan that are unpaid or unexercised at my death and that might
otherwise have been paid to that beneficiary be: 

_____ Allocated to my other named primary beneficiaries in proportion to the allocation given above (ignoring the interest allocated to the deceased primary beneficiary); or 

_____ Allocated, in the proportion specified, among the following contingent beneficiaries: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

to 

(Name) 
 
 (Relationship) 

Address: 

Note: You are not required to name more than one contingent
beneficiary but, if you do, the sum of these percentages may not be greater than 100 percent. 

(Signature) 
 
 (Date) 

(Print Name) 

Please return an executed copy of this form to the following: Keeta
J. Diller, Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary, SB Financial Group, Inc., 401 Clinton Street, Defiance, Ohio 43512 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21>
 4
 f10k2022ex21_sbfinancial.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 State of Incorporation 

The State Bank and Trust Company 
 Ohio 
 
 SBFG Title, LLC 
 Ohio 
 
 SBFG Mortgage, LLC 
 Ohio 
 
 RFCBC, Inc. 
 Ohio 
 
 SB Captive, Inc. 
 Nevada 
 
 Rurban Mortgage Company 
 Ohio 
 
 SBT Insurance, LLC 
 Ohio 
 
 Rurbanc Data Services, Inc. 
 Ohio 
 
 Rurban Statutory Trust II 
 Declaration of Trust State of Delaware 
 
 NC Merger Corp. 
 Ohio 

NC
Merger Corp. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rurbanc Data Services, Inc. NC Merger Corp. has no assets or liabilities and is inactive. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 f10k2022ex23_sbfinancial.htm
 CONSENT OF FORVIS, LLP

Exhibit
23 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333- 220075 and 333-150911) and
Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-248406, 333-217206 and 333-191192) of SB Financial Group, Inc. (the Company of our
report dated March 7, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
and for each of the years then ended, which report is included (or incorporated by reference) in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

/s/
FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 

Indianapolis,
Indiana 
March 7, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_sbfinancial.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Mark A. Klein, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SB Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark A. Klein 

Mark
 A. Klein 

Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_sbfinancial.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Anthony V. Cosentino, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SB Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 7, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Anthony V. Cosentino 

Anthony
 V. Cosentino 

Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_sbfinancial.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

Section
1350 Certification 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SB Financial Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Mark A.
Klein, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Anthony V. Cosentino, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated
 financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

/s/
 Mark A. Klein 
 
 /s/
 Anthony V. Cosentino 
 
 Mark
 A. Klein, 
 
 Anthony
 V. Cosentino 
 
 Chairman,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Dated:
 March 7, 2023 

This
certification is being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. This certification shall not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent the
Company specifically incorporates it by reference in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sbfg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sbfg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sbfg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sbfg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sbfg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

