<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_52428_0000820027-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22530131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>482119</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13896140</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7851612</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000820027-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223161222
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000820027-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000052428
		IRS NUMBER:				416009975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-00002
		FILM NUMBER:		23659763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50606 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123723131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50606 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EXPRESS CERTIFICATE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDS CERTIFICATE CO /MN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INVESTORS SYNDICATE OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000820027-23-000016.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 acc12312022doccombined.htm
 10-K

acc12312022doccombined 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 30 OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 AND SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 OR TRA NSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from_______________________to_______________________ 
 Commission File No. 811-00002 
 AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Delaware 41-6009975 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 1099 Ameriprise Financial Center Minneapolis Minnesota 55474 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code (612) 671-3131 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Common Stock (par value 10 per share) None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Class Outstanding at February 23, 2023 
 Common Stock (par value 10 per share) 150,000 shares 
 
 All outstanding shares of the registrant are directly owned by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. 
 THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS I(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 
 FORM 10-K 
 INDEX 
 PART I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 Item 2. Properties 
 10 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 
 PART II 
 11 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 11 
 Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis 
 12 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 15 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 
 PART III 
 15 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 15 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 15 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 15 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 15 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 15 
 PART IV 
 17 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 17 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 18 
 Signatures 
 19 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 F- 1 

2 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC was incorporated on October 28, 1977 under the laws of Delaware. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ), a Delaware corporation, owns 100 of the outstanding voting securities of ACC. Ameriprise Financial and its predecessor companies have a more than 125-year history of providing solutions to help clients confidently achieve their financial objectives. 
 ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and is in the business of issuing face-amount investment certificates. Face-amount certificates issued by ACC entitle the certificate owner to receive at maturity a stated amount of money and interest or credits declared from time to time by ACC, at its discretion. ACC s certificates are distributed and sold solely by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), an affiliate of ACC and its network of more than 10,000 advisors. AFS is registered as a broker-dealer in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. 
 To ACC s knowledge, ACC is the largest issuer of face-amount certificates in the United States. However, ACC s certificate products compete with many other banking and investment products offered by banks, savings and loan associations, asset managers, broker-dealers and others, which may be viewed by potential clients as offering a comparable or superior combination of safety and return on investment. In particular, some of ACC s products are designed to be competitive with the types of investments offered by banks and thrifts. Since ACC s face-amount certificates are securities, their offer and sale are subject to regulation under federal and state securities laws. ACC s certificates are backed by ACC s qualified assets on deposit and are not insured by any governmental agency or other entity. 
 ACC s future profitability is dependent upon changes in the economic, credit and equity environments, as well as the competitive environment. 
 Products 
 As of the date of this report, ACC offered the following four different certificate products to the public 
 1. Ameriprise Cash Reserve Certificate 
 Single payment certificate that permits additional payments and on which ACC guarantees interest rates in advance for a three-month term. 
 Currently sold without a sales charge. 
 Available as qualified investments for IRAs, 401(k) plans, and other qualified retirement plans. 
 Current policy is to re-evaluate the certificate product interest crediting rates weekly to respond to marketplace changes. 
 ACC refers to an independent index or source to set the rates for new sales and must set the rates for an initial purchase of the certificate within a specified range of the rate from such index or source. For renewals, ACC uses such rates as an indication of the competitors rates, but is not required to set rates within a specified range. 
 Non-Jumbo Deposit National Rates for three-month CDs as published by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC are used as the guide in setting rates. 
 Competes with popular short-term investment and savings vehicles such as certificates of deposit, savings accounts, and money market mutual funds that offer comparable yields, liquidity and safety of principal. 
 Twenty year maturity. 
 2. Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate 
 Single payment certificate that permits a limited amount of additional payments and on which ACC guarantees interest rates in advance for a term of three, six, seven, nine, twelve, thirteen, eighteen, twenty-four, thirty or thirty-six months, and potentially other terms, at ACC s option. 
 Currently sold without a sales charge. 
 Currently premature surrenders incur surrender charges. 
 Available as qualified investments for IRAs, 401(k) plans, and other qualified retirement plans. 
 Current policy is to re-evaluate the certificate product interest crediting rates weekly to respond to marketplace changes. 
 ACC refers to an independent index or source to set the rates for new sales and must set the rates for an initial purchase of the certificate within a specified range of the rate from such index or source. For renewals, ACC uses such rates as an indication of the competitors rates, but is not required to set rates within a specified range. 
 Non-Jumbo Deposit National Rates as published by the FDIC are used as the guide in setting rates. 
 Competes with popular short-term investment vehicles such as certificates of deposit, money market certificates, and money market mutual funds that offer comparable yields, liquidity and safety of principal. 
 Twenty year maturity. 
 3 

3. Ameriprise Installment Certificate 
 Installment payment certificate that declares interest rates in advance for a three-month period. 
 Currently sold without a sales charge. 
 Currently premature surrenders incur surrender charges. 
 Available as qualified investments for IRAs, 401(k) plans, and other qualified retirement plans. 
 Current policy is to re-evaluate the certificate product interest crediting rates weekly to respond to marketplace changes. 
 As of the date of this report, ACC has set a fixed rate of 4.15 for new sales. 
 Intended to help clients save systematically and may compete with passbook savings and NOW accounts. 
 Ten year maturity. 
 4. Ameriprise Stock Market Certificate 
 Single payment certificate with terms of 52, 104 and 156 weeks that offer the certificate product owner the opportunity to have all or part of the certificate product returns tied to the stock market performance, up to a maximum return, as measured by a broad stock market index, with return of principal guaranteed by ACC. The owner can also choose to earn a fixed rate of interest after the first term. 
 Currently sold without a sales charge. 
 Currently premature surrenders incur surrender charges. 
 Available as qualified investments for IRAs, 401(k) plans, and other qualified retirement plans. 
 Current policy is to re-evaluate the certificate product interest crediting rates weekly and maximum return rates at least monthly to respond to marketplace changes. 
 Certain banks offer certificates of deposit that have features similar to this certificate. 
 The rate of interest is calculated in whole or in part based on any upward movement in a broad-based stock market index up to a maximum return, where the maximum is a fixed rate for a given term, but can be changed at ACC s discretion for subsequent terms. 
 Fifteen year maturity for certificates with terms of 52 and 156 weeks and fourteen year maturity for certificates with terms of 104 weeks. 
 Effective April 1, 2020, the Ameriprise Step-Up Rate Certificate SRC was closed to new sales. 
 Within the specified maturity periods, most certificates have interest crediting rate terms ranging from three to forty-eight months. Interest crediting rates are subject to change and certificate product owners can surrender their certificates without penalty at the end of a term. Currently offered ACC certificates (listed above), as well as certain certificates previously issued by ACC (not listed above), contain renewal features which enable certificate owners to renew their certificate term until certificate maturity. Accordingly, certificate products that are currently outstanding in their renewal periods or are exercised for renewal in the future are, and continue to be, liabilities of ACC until their redemption or maturity, whether or not such certificates are available for new sales. ACC guarantees the return of principal, as well as interest once it has been credited, less any penalties that apply, for each of the certificates offered. 
 Distribution and Marketing Channels 
 ACC s certificates are offered solely by AFS and sold pursuant to a distribution agreement which is subject to annual review and approval by ACC s Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons of AFS or ACC as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. The distribution agreement provides for the payment of distribution fees to AFS for services provided. The distribution agreement with AFS can be terminated by either party on sixty days written notice. 
 Asset Management 
 ACC has retained Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC CMIA ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, to manage ACC s investment portfolio under an investment management agreement, which is subject to annual review and approval by ACC s Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons of AFS, CMIA or ACC. This investment management agreement with CMIA can be terminated by either party on sixty days written notice. 
 Regulation 
 ACC is required to maintain cash and qualified assets meeting the standards of Section 28(b) of the 1940 Act, as modified by an exemptive order of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The amortized cost of such investments must be at least equal to ACC s net liabilities on all outstanding face-amount certificates plus 250,000. ACC s qualified assets consist of cash equivalents, residential and commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities, syndicated loans, commercial mortgage loans, U.S. government and government agency obligations, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, equity index options and other securities meeting specified standards. So long as ACC wishes to rely on the SEC order, as a condition to the order, ACC has agreed to maintain an amount of unappropriated retained earnings and capital equal to at least 5 of certificate reserves (less outstanding certificate loans). To the extent that payment of a dividend would decrease the capital ratio below the required 5 , 
 4 

payment of a dividend would be restricted. In determining compliance with this condition, qualified assets are valued in accordance with the provisions of Minnesota Statutes where such provisions are applicable. 
 ACC has also entered into a written understanding with the Minnesota Department of Commerce that ACC will maintain capital equal to at least 5 of the assets of ACC (less outstanding certificate loans). To the extent that payment of a dividend would decrease this ratio below the required 5 , payment of a dividend would be restricted. When computing its capital for these purposes, ACC values its assets on the basis of statutory accounting for insurance companies rather than U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). ACC is subject to examination and supervision by the Minnesota Department of Commerce (Banking Division) and the SEC. 
 Following conversion of ACC s affiliate Ameriprise National Trust Bank into a federal savings bank Ameriprise Bank ), Ameriprise Financial continued to be subject to ongoing supervision by the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve System FRB ). FRB regulation and supervisory oversight of Ameriprise Financial includes examinations, regular financial reporting, and prudential standards, such as capital, liquidity, risk management and parameters for business conduct and internal governance. In order to maintain Ameriprise Financial s permission under applicable bank holding company laws and regulations to engage in business activities other than banking or activities closely related to banking, each of Ameriprise Financial and Ameriprise Bank, as Ameriprise s sole insured depository institution subsidiary, must remain well-capitalized and well-managed under applicable federal banking regulations, and Ameriprise Bank must receive at least a satisfactory rating in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act. Failure to meet one or more of certain requirements and regulations would mean, depending on the requirements not met and any agreement then reached with the FRB, that until cured Ameriprise Financial (and therefore ACC) could not undertake new activities, continue certain activities, or make certain acquisitions. As a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, ACC is (absent exclusion or exemption) required to comply with investment limitations on its portfolio and other limitations under applicable banking laws, including what is commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 ACC s operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could have a material adverse effect on ACC s business, financial condition or results of operations. We believe that the following information identifies the material factors affecting ACC based on the information we currently know. However, the risks and uncertainties ACC faces are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties which are not presently known or which are currently believed to be immaterial may also adversely affect ACC s business. 
 Market Risks 
 ACC s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political and other factors. 
 ACC s financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors. Such factors, which can be global, regional, national or local in nature, include (i) the level and volatility of the markets, including equity prices, interest rates, commodity prices, currency values and other market indices and drivers (ii) geopolitical strain, terrorism and armed conflicts (iii) political, social, economic and market conditions (iv) the availability and cost of capital (v) the ongoing coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic or other global health emergencies (vi) technological changes and events (vii) U.S. and foreign government fiscal and tax policies (viii) U.S. and foreign government ability, real or perceived, to avoid defaulting on government securities (ix) the availability and cost of credit and hedge markets (x) the ongoing inflationary environment (xi) investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets and (xii) natural disasters such as weather catastrophes and widespread health emergencies. These factors also may have an impact on ACC s ability to achieve its strategic objectives. 
 ACC s financial condition and results of operations are affected by the spread, or the difference between the returns ACC earns on the investments that support its product obligations and the amounts that ACC must pay certificate holders. 
 Downturns and volatility in markets (including equity, fixed income and other markets) have had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of ACC. Market downturns and volatility may cause, and have caused, potential new purchasers of ACC s products to refrain from purchasing or to purchase fewer ACC certificate products. Additionally, downturns and volatility in financial markets can have, and have had, an adverse effect on the performance of ACC s investment portfolio. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect ACC s financial condition and results of operations. 
 ACC s investment products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and ACC s future costs associated with such variations may differ from its historical costs. As market interest rates increase, ACC may offer higher crediting rates on existing face-amount certificates to remain competitive with other products in the market. Because yields on invested assets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, ACC may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing certificates. In addition, increases in market interest rates may cause increased certificate surrenders or changes in demands of certificate products as certificate holders seek to shift assets to products with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to an earlier than expected outflow of cash from ACC s business. Also, increases in market interest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structured mortgage assets. Certificate withdrawals and surrenders may also require investment assets to be sold at a 
 5 

time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. If higher market interest rates lead to inflows into interest sensitive face-amount certificates or other changes in product behavior, ACC s capital requirements may increase as well. Increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on ACC s financial condition and results of operations. 
 If there is a return to a period of prolonged low interest rates, ACC s spread may be reduced or could become negative primarily because ACC may adjust the interest rates it credits on most of the products downward only at limited, pre-established intervals. Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of ACC s investment portfolio. During periods of declining market interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, the interest ACC receives on variable interest rate investments decreases. In addition, during those periods, ACC is forced to reinvest the cash it receives as interest or return of principal on its investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of certain callable fixed income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates which increase the risk that ACC may have to reinvest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. Offsetting some of these risks is the fact that a significant portion of certificate balances do not have a minimum guaranteed interest crediting rate. 
 For additional information regarding the sensitivity of the fixed income securities in ACC s investment portfolio to interest rate fluctuations, see Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Business Risks 
 Intense competition could negatively affect ACC s ability to maintain or increase its market share and profitability. 
 ACC s business operates in an intensely competitive industry segment. ACC competes based on a number of factors including name recognition, service, interest rates, product features and perceived financial strength. ACC s competitors include broker-dealers, banks, asset managers and other financial institutions. ACC s business faces competitors that have greater market share, offer a broader range of products, greater investments in technology and analytics or have greater financial resources. Furthermore, ACC s competitors may be better able to address trends, structural changes, or movement of assets resulting from industry changes in response to the uncertain regulatory environment in the U.S. and around the world. 
 ACC s affiliated distributor may be unable to attract and retain key talent. 
 ACC is dependent on the financial advisors of AFS for all of the sales of its certificate products. A significant number of such financial advisors operate as independent contractors under a franchise agreement with AFS. The market for financial advisors is highly competitive, and there can be no assurance that AFS will be successful in its efforts to maintain its current network of financial advisors or to recruit and retain new advisors to its network. If AFS is unable to attract and retain quality financial advisors, fewer advisors would be available to sell ACC s certificate products and ACC s financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances taken on certain loans and investments is subject to management s evaluation and judgment and could materially impact ACC s results of operations or financial position. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances varies by investment type and is based upon ACC s periodic evaluation and assessment of inherent and known risks associated with the respective asset class. 
 Management uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. The determination of the amount of allowances on loans is based upon the asset s expected life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. 
 Some of ACC s investments are relatively illiquid, and ACC may have difficulty selling these investments. 
 ACC invests a portion of its assets in privately placed fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans, which are relatively illiquid. ACC s investment manager periodically reviews ACC s private placement investment using adopted standards to categorize the investment as liquid or illiquid. As of December 31, 2022, commercial mortgage loans and private placement fixed income securities that have been categorized as illiquid represented approximately 1 of the carrying value of ACC s investment portfolio. If ACC requires significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of its normal cash requirements, ACC may have difficulty selling its investment in a timely manner or be forced to sell them for an amount less than it would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, which could have an adverse effect on ACC s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The elimination of LIBOR may adversely affect the interest rates on, and value of, certain derivatives and floating rate securities ACC holds, the activities ACC conducts, and any other assets or liabilities, the value of which is tied to LIBOR. 
 The elimination of LIBOR and transition to alternative reference rates may have an adverse impact on the value of, return on and trading markets for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and derivatives that are included in ACC s financial assets and liabilities. U.S. Dollar LIBOR is anticipated to be phased out by June 30, 2023, and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, and all other LIBOR currencies were phased out by December 31, 2021. There will continue to be 
 6 

work required to transition to the new benchmark rates for U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In addition, LIBOR may perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain assets. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict the full impact of the transition away from LIBOR on various derivatives, floating rate securities and other securities ACC holds, the activities ACC conducts and any other assets or liabilities (as well as contractual rights and obligations), the value of which is tied to LIBOR. The value or profitability of these products and instruments, and ACC s costs of operations, may be adversely affected until new reference rates and fallbacks for both legacy and new products, instruments and contracts are commercially in use. 
 Failure of ACC s service providers to perform their responsibilities could adversely affect ACC s business. 
 ACC s business operations, including investment management, transfer agent, custody and distribution services, are performed by affiliated service providers, or in some cases their subcontractors, pursuant to formal contracts. The failure of a service provider to fulfill its responsibilities could have an adverse effect on ACC s financial condition and results of operations that could be material. 
 If the counterparties to the derivative instruments ACC uses to hedge certain certificate liabilities default, ACC may be exposed to risks it had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect ACC s financial condition and results of operations. 
 ACC uses derivative instruments to hedge certain certificate liabilities. ACC enters into a variety of derivative instruments with a number of counterparties. If ACC s counterparties become insolvent or fail to honor their obligations under the contracts governing such instruments, ACC s hedges of the related risk may be ineffective. That failure could have a material adverse effect on ACC s financial condition and results of operations. The risk of counterparty default may increase during periods of capital market volatility. 
 If ACC s reserves for future certificate redemptions and maturities are inadequate, ACC may be required to increase its reserve liabilities, which could adversely affect ACC s results of operations and financial condition. 
 Investment certificates may be purchased either with a lump-sum payment or by installment payments. Certificate product owners are entitled to receive, at maturity, a definite sum of money. Payments from certificate owners are credited to investment certificate reserves. Investment certificate reserves accumulate interest at specified percentage rates as declared by ACC. Reserves are also maintained for advance payments made by certificate owners, accrued interest thereon, and for additional credits in excess of minimum guaranteed rates and accrued interest thereon. On certificates allowing for the deduction of a surrender charge, the cash surrender values may be less than accumulated investment certificate reserves prior to maturity dates. Cash surrender values on certificates allowing for no surrender charge are equal to certificate reserves. The payment distribution, reserve accumulation rates, cash surrender values, reserve values and other matters are governed by the 1940 Act. 
 Certain certificates offer a return based on the relative change in a stock market index. The certificates with an equity-based return contain embedded derivatives, which are carried at fair value within Certificate reserves. The fair values of these embedded derivatives incorporate current market data inputs. Changes in fair value are reflected in Provision for certificate reserves. 
 ACC monitors its reserve levels continually. If ACC concluded its reserves were insufficient to cover actual or expected redemptions or maturities, ACC would be required to increase its reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which it makes the determination. Such a determination could adversely affect ACC s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operational Risks 
 A failure to protect the reputation of ACC or its affiliates could adversely affect the business of ACC. 
 The ability of ACC to market and sell its products is highly dependent upon external perceptions of ACC s and its affiliates level of service, business practices and financial condition. Damage to the reputation of ACC or its affiliates could cause significant harm to the business and prospects of ACC. Reputational damage may arise from numerous sources including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, any perceived or actual weaknesses in ACC s financial strength or liquidity, clients or potential clients perceived failure of how ACC addresses certain political, environmental, social or governance topics, technological breakdowns, cybersecurity attacks, or other security breaches (including attempted breaches or inadvertent disclosures) resulting in improper disclosure of client or employee personal information, unethical or improper behavior and the misconduct or error of employees of its affiliates, AFS s advisors and counterparties. Additionally, a failure to develop new products and services, or successfully manage associated operational risks, could harm ACC s reputation and potentially expose ACC to additional costs, or negative public relations or social media campaigns. Any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Adverse developments with respect to the financial industry may also, by association, negatively impact ACC s reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against ACC. 
 Misconduct by employees of ACC s affiliates may be difficult to detect and deter and may damage ACC s reputation. Misconduct or errors by employees of ACC s affiliates, AFS s advisors or counterparties could result in violations of law, regulatory sanctions and or serious reputational or financial harm. Misconduct or mistakes can occur in ACC s business. ACC and its affiliates cannot always deter misconduct of employees of ACC s affiliates, and the precautions its affiliates take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Preventing and detecting misconduct among ACC s affiliates franchisee advisors presents additional challenges and could have an adverse effect on ACC s business. ACC s reputation depends on its continued identification of and mitigation 
 7 

against conflicts of interest. ACC has procedures and controls that are designed to identify, address and appropriately disclose perceived conflicts of interest, though ACC s reputation could be damaged if ACC fails, or appears to fail, to address conflicts of interest appropriately. 
 ACC may face direct or indirect effects of or responses to climate change. 
 Climate change may increase the severity and frequency of weather-related catastrophes, or adversely affect ACC s investment portfolio or investor sentiment. This includes the potential for an increase in the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. In addition, climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities ACC s holds, or ACC s willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to ACC and investments in ACC s portfolio. ACC cannot predict or estimate the long-term impacts from climate change or related regulation. 
 ACC s operational systems and networks are subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, loss of ACC s proprietary information, damage to ACC s reputation, additional costs to ACC, regulatory penalties and other adverse impacts. 
 The business of ACC and its affiliates is reliant upon internal and third-party technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store information, including clients , employees and advisors personal information, as well as proprietary information, and to conduct many business activities and transactions. Maintaining the security and integrity of this information and these systems and networks, and appropriately responding to any cybersecurity and privacy incidents (including attempts), is critical to the success of ACC s business operations, including ACC s reputation, to the retention of AFS s advisors and clients, and to the protection of ACC s proprietary information and clients personal information. To date, ACC has not experienced any material breaches of or interference with its centrally controlled systems and networks. However, ACC and its affiliates routinely face and address such evolving threats and have been able to detect and respond to these incidents to date without a material loss of client financial assets or information through the use of ongoing monitoring and continual improvement of ACC s security and incident response capabilities. 
 Employees of ACC s affiliates, as well as service providers, have also been threatened by, among others, phishing and spear phishing scams, social engineering attacks, account takeovers, introductions of malware, attempts at electronic break-ins, and the submission of fraudulent payment requests. The number of attempted phishing attacks has increased substantially every year, which is expected to continue. Attempted or successful breaches or interference by third parties or by insiders that may occur in the future could have a material adverse impact on ACC s business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 
 On a corporate basis, various laws and regulations, and in some cases contractual obligations, require ACC s affiliates to establish and maintain corporate policies and technical and operational measures designed to protect sensitive client, employee, contractor and vendor information, and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. ACC s affiliates have established policies and implemented such technical and operational measures and have in place policies that require AFS s service providers and franchisee advisors, each of which control locally their own technology operations, to do the same. The increase in hybrid working among ACC s and its affiliates employees adds complexity to monitoring and processing procedures. Changes in ACC s business or technological advancements may also require corresponding changes in ACC s systems, networks and data security and response measures. While accessing ACC and its affiliates products and services, ACC s customers may use computers and other devices that sit outside of ACC and its affiliates security control environment. In addition, the ever-increasing reliance on technology systems and networks and the occurrence and potential adverse impact of attacks on such systems and networks (including in recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies), both generally and in the financial services industry, have enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity threats and report incidents they suffer. As these threats, and government and regulatory oversight of associated risks, continue to evolve, ACC may be required to expend additional resources to enhance or expand upon the technical and operational security and response measures ACC and its affiliates currently maintain. 
 Despite the measures ACC has taken and may in the future take to address and mitigate cybersecurity, privacy and technology risks, ACC cannot be certain that ACC and its affiliates systems and networks will not be subject to successful attacks, breaches or interference. Nor can ACC be certain that AFS franchise advisors will comply with ACC and its affiliates policies and procedures in this regard, or that clients will engage in safe and secure online practices. Furthermore, human error occurs from time to time and such mistakes can lead to the inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information. Any such event may result in operational disruptions, as well as unauthorized access to or the disclosure or loss of, ACC s proprietary information or ACC s or affiliates client, employee, vendor or advisor personal information, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to respond to, eliminate, or mitigate further exposure, the loss of clients or AFS advisors, or other damage to ACC s business. While ACC and its affiliates maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party liability coverages, it may not protect ACC against all cybersecurity- and privacy-related losses. Furthermore, ACC may be subject to indemnification costs and liability to third parties if ACC breaches any confidentiality or security obligations regarding vendor data or for losses related to the data. In addition, the trend toward broad consumer and general-public notification of such incidents could exacerbate the harm to ACC s business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations in the event of a breach. Even if ACC and its affiliates successfully protect ACC s technology infrastructure and the confidentiality of sensitive data and conduct appropriate incident response, ACC may incur significant expenses in connection with ACC s responses to any such attacks, as well as the adoption, implementation and maintenance of appropriate security measures. In addition, ACC and its affiliates regulators may seek to 
 8 

hold ACC s affiliate responsible for the acts, mistakes or omissions of AFS franchise advisors even where they procure and control much of the physical office space and technology infrastructure they use to operate their businesses locally. 
 Protection from system interruptions and operating errors is important to ACC s business. If ACC experiences a sustained interruption to ACC s telecommunications or data processing systems, or other failure in operational execution, it could harm ACC s business. 
 Operating errors and system or network interruptions could delay and disrupt ACC s operations. Interruptions could be caused by mistake, malfeasance or other operational failures by service provider staff or employee error or malfeasance, interference by third parties, including hackers, ACC s implementation of new technology, maintenance of existing technology or natural disasters, each of which may impact ACC s ability to run its systems or encounter varying downtime. Though ACC plans for resiliency in its systems, it could face additional downtime or data loss if its plans do not work as expected. ACC s financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate or report data properly, experience connectivity disruptions or otherwise become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond ACC s control, adversely affecting ACC s ability to process transactions or provide products and services to clients. 
 ACC and its affiliates rely on third-party service providers and vendors for certain communications, technology and business functions and other services, and ACC and its affiliates face the risk of their operational failure (including, without limitation, loss of staff due to widespread illness, failure caused by an inaccuracy, untimeliness or other deficiency in data reporting), technical or security failures, termination or capacity constraints of any of the third-party service providers that ACC or its affiliates use to facilitate or are component providers to ACC s activities. Any such failure, termination or constraint or flawed execution or response could adversely impact ACC s ability to effect transactions, service clients, manage exposure to risk, or otherwise achieve desired outcomes. 
 Risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure in all market environments, products, vendors or against all types of risk, including employee and financial advisor misconduct. 
 ACC s policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating ACC s risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. Many of ACC s methods of managing risk and the associated exposures are based upon observed historical market behavior or statistics based on historical models. Experience may not emerge as expected and during periods of market volatility or due to unforeseen events, the historically derived experience and correlations may not be valid. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures accurately, which could be significantly greater than what ACC s models indicate. Further, some controls are manual and are subject to inherent limitations. This could cause ACC to incur investment losses or cause ACC s hedging and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to ACC, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. 
 ACC s financial performance also requires ACC to develop, effectively manage, and market new or existing products and services that appropriately anticipate or respond to changes in the industry and evolving client demands. The development and introduction of new products and services require continued innovative effort and may require significant time, resources, and ongoing support. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction and ongoing maintenance of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting and sometimes contradictory client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. 
 Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating ACC s risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including those associated with ACC s or its affiliates key vendors. Insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to ACC in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency. 
 The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition of ACC. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters and catastrophes, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, fires, blackouts, severe winter weather, explosions, pandemic disease (such as COVID-19) and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism, riots, civil unrest including large-scale protests, insurrections and military actions, could adversely affect the results of operations or financial condition of ACC. Such disasters and catastrophes may impact ACC directly by damaging its facilities, preventing service providers or employees of its affiliates from performing their roles or otherwise disturbing its ordinary business operations. These impacts could be particularly severe to the extent they affect access to physical facilities or the physical well-being of large numbers of employees of ACC s affiliates, ACC s computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy or release valuable data. Such disasters and catastrophes may also impact ACC indirectly by changing the condition and behaviors of its customers, business counterparties and regulators, as well as by causing declines or volatility in the economic and financial markets, which could in turn have an adverse effect on ACC s investment portfolio. 
 In particular, there remains some uncertainty around the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Though ACC is currently navigating hybrid working environments, it recognizes that the pandemic may shift, and it cannot control various governmental 
 9 

responses, imposed quarantines, effectiveness of vaccines and healthcare, or any related regulation that could come from a change in the status of the pandemic. 
 ACC cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions may have on the frequency and severity of natural disasters or on overall economic stability and sustainability. As such, ACC cannot be sure that its actions to identify and mitigate the risks associated with such disasters and catastrophes will be effective. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Tax Risks 
 ACC s business is regulated and changes in legislation or regulation may reduce ACC s profitability and limit its growth. 
 ACC operates in a regulated industry. As a registered investment company, ACC must observe certain governance, disclosure, record-keeping, marketing, privacy, data protection and other operating requirements. Various regulatory and governmental bodies have the authority to review ACC s products and business practices and to bring regulatory or other legal actions against ACC if, in their view, ACC s practices are improper. Any enforcement actions, investigations or other proceedings brought against ACC or its directors or employees of its affiliates by its regulators may result in fines, injunctions or other disciplinary actions that could harm ACC s reputation or impact ACC s results of operations. Further, any future legislation or changes to the laws and regulations applicable to ACC s business such as possible changes brought about by any U.S. Department of Labor applicable regulation as well as state and other fiduciary rules, the SEC best interest standards, or similar standards such as the Certified Financial Planner Board standards pertaining to the fiduciary status of investment advice providers to retirement investors (primarily account holders in 401(k) plans and IRAs and other types of ERISA clients) and related issues. Each of these has a potential impact regarding how ERISA investment advice fiduciaries and others can provide products manufactured by affiliates to, or engage in certain principal transactions with, retirement investors, including incremental requirements, costs and risks that may be imposed on ACC as a result of such changes, may affect the operations and financial condition of ACC. In addition, after the conversion of Ameriprise Bank into a federal savings bank, Ameriprise Financial became subject to ongoing supervision by the FRB. As a subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, ACC is (absent exclusion or exemption) required to comply with certain limits on its activity, including investment limitations on its portfolio and other limitations under applicable banking laws. Failure to meet one or more of certain requirements and regulations would mean, depending on the violation and any agreement then reached with the FRB, Ameriprise Financial (and therefore ACC) could not undertake new activities, continue certain activities, or make certain acquisitions until such violation is cured. 
 Changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and changes in the interpretation of such laws and regulations, as well as adverse determinations regarding the application of such laws and regulations, could adversely affect ACC s earnings. 
 ACC is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities. ACC must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. In addition, changes to the Internal Revenue Code, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase ACC s provision for income taxes and reduce ACC s earnings. Furthermore, guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury and others can be critical to the application and impact of new laws (such as the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) and in avoiding unintended impacts from legislation. The jurisdictions ACC operates in may not always provide clear guidance that is responsive to industry questions and concerns. If guidance is unclear, it could increase ACC s taxes or create a potential for disagreement about interpretation of the tax code. 
 Many of the products that ACC or Ameriprise Financial and its affiliates issue or on which these businesses are based receive favorable treatment under current U.S. federal income or estate tax law. Changes in U.S. federal income or estate tax law could reduce or eliminate the tax advantages of certain of Ameriprise Financial s products and thus make such products or ACC s products less attractive to clients or cause a change in client demand and activity. 
 Changes in and the adoption of accounting standards could have a material impact on ACC s financial statements. 
 ACC s accounting policies provide a standard for how it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. ACC prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.It is possible that accounting changes could have a material effect on ACC s financial condition and results of operations. The Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and other regulators often change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of ACC s financial statements. These changes are difficult to predict and could impose additional governance, internal control and disclosure demands. In some cases, ACC could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 ACC occupies office space in Minneapolis, Minnesota, which is leased or owned by Ameriprise Financial or a subsidiary thereof. 
 10 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of any material legal proceedings, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 All of the Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC outstanding common stock is owned by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ). There is no established public trading market for ACC s common stock. 
 Frequency and amount of capital transactions with Ameriprise Financial during the past two years were 
 Dividends to Ameriprise Financial Return of Capital to Ameriprise Financial Receipt of Capital from Ameriprise Financial (in millions) For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 March 30, 2022 
 4.3 7.0 June 30, 2022 
 7.0 August 31, 2022 13.0 September 27, 2022 15.0 September 30, 2022 
 5.0 October 28, 2022 
 45.0 November 28, 2022 50.0 December 28, 2022 50.0 December 30, 2022 8.0 Total 11.3 7.0 186.0 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 March 30, 2021 
 27.0 June 29, 2021 
 33.0 September 29, 2021 
 35.0 December 29, 2021 
 10.0 4.0 Total 70.0 39.0 
 Restriction on ACC s present or future ability to pay dividends to Ameriprise Financial 
 Appropriated retained earnings resulting from the pre-declaration of additional credits to ACC s certificate product owners are not available for the payment of dividends by ACC. In addition, ACC will discontinue issuance of certificates subject to the pre-declaration of additional credits and will make no further pre-declaration as to outstanding certificates if at any time the calculation of ACC s capital and unappropriated retained earnings should be less than 5 of certificate reserves (less outstanding certificate loans). 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 11 

Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect Ameriprise Certificate Company s ACC s plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part 1 - Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
 ACC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial ). ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is in the business of issuing face-amount investment certificates. Face-amount investment certificates issued by ACC entitle the certificate owner to receive at maturity a stated amount of money and interest or credits declared from time to time by ACC, at its discretion. The certificates issued by ACC are not insured by any government agency. ACC s certificates are sold primarily by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), an affiliate of ACC. AFS is registered as a broker-dealer in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. ACC s investment portfolio is managed by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC CMIA ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial. 
 Management s narrative analysis of the results of operations is presented in lieu of Management s Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations, pursuant to General Instructions I(2)(a) of Form 10-K. 
 Current Macroeconomic Environment 
 ACC operates its business in the broader context of the macroeconomic forces around it, including the global and U.S. economies, the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, changes in interest and inflation rates, financial market volatility, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, geopolitical strain, the competitive environment, client and customer activities and preferences, and the various regulatory and legislative developments. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on ACC s operating and performance results. ACC s success may be affected by the factors discussed in Part 1 - Item 1A Risk Factors in this report and other factors as discussed herein. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Significant Accounting Policies 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on ACC s future results of operations or financial condition and significant accounting policies, see Note 1 to ACC s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-9 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Results of Operations 
 ACC s net income is derived primarily from the after-tax yield on investments and realized investment gains (losses), less investment expenses and interest credited on certificate reserve liabilities. Net income trends occur largely due to changes in returns on ACC s investment portfolio, from realization of investment gains (losses) and from changes in interest credited to certificate products. ACC follows U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 Net income increased 32.6 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher investment income, partially offset by higher net provision for certificate reserves due to client net inflows and tax expense. 
 Investment income increased 90.6 million for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average invested assets due to the favorable impact of higher investment yield on the investment portfolio. 
 Investment expenses increased 0.4 million, or 1 , for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to volume-driven increases in distribution fees, partially offset by lower investment advisory and transfer agent fees. 
 Net provision for certificate reserves increased 44.0 million, for 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average client crediting rates. 
 The effective tax rate was 24.8 for 2022 compared to 24.1 for the prior year. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on income taxes. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 ACC reports certain assets and liabilities at fair value specifically derivatives, embedded derivatives, and most investments and cash equivalents. Fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions and is not the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. ACC includes actual market prices, or observable inputs, in its fair value measurements to the extent available. Broker quotes are obtained when quotes from pricing services are not available. ACC validates prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. See Note 8 to ACC s Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding ACC s fair value measurements. 
 12 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management s plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, may, should, could, would, likely, forecast, on track, project, continue, able to remain, resume, deliver, develop, evolve, drive, enable, flexibility, scenario, case , appear , expand and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors, which could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from expected results, performance or achievements. These statements are not guarantees or indicative of future performance. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those factors, risks and uncertainties described in Part 1 - Item 1A - Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ACC s future results of operations and financial condition, as well as any forward-looking statements contained in this report, are made only as of the date hereof. ACC undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 ACC has three principal components of market risk interest rate risk, equity price risk, and credit risk. Interest rate risk results from investing in assets that are somewhat longer and reset less frequently than the liabilities they support. ACC manages interest rate risk through the use of a variety of tools that from time to time include derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, which change the interest rate characteristics of client liabilities or investment assets. Due to certain provisions for certificates being impacted by the value of equity indices, from time to time ACC enters into risk management strategies that may include the use of equity derivative instruments, such as equity options, to mitigate ACC s exposure to volatility in the equity markets. 
 Ameriprise Financial s Financial Risk Management Committee FRMC ), which is comprised of senior managers, holds regularly scheduled meetings to review models projecting various interest rate scenarios and risk return measures and their effect on various portfolios managed by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC CMIA ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, including that of ACC. ACC s Board of Directors has delegated the responsibilities of the Investment Committee of ACC to the FRMC. FRMC s objectives are to structure ACC s portfolio of investment securities based upon the type and behavior of the certificates in the certificate reserve liabilities, to achieve targeted levels of profitability within defined risk parameters and to meet certificate contractual obligations. 
 ACC primarily invests in structured securities, U.S. government and agency obligations, corporate debt securities, and commercial mortgages to provide its certificate owners with a competitive rate of return on their certificates while managing risk. These investments provide ACC with a historically dependable and targeted margin between the interest rate earned on investments and the interest rate credited to certificate owners accounts. ACC does not invest in securities to generate short-term trading profits for its own account. 
 To evaluate interest rate and equity price risk, ACC performs sensitivity testing which measures the impact on pretax income from the sources listed below for a 12 month period following a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates and a hypothetical 10 decline in equity prices. The interest rate risk test assumes a sudden 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve, with rates then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. The equity price risk test assumes a sudden 10 drop in equity prices, with equity prices then staying at those levels for the next 12 months. In estimating the values of stock market certificates, ACC assumes no change in implied market volatility despite the 10 drop in equity prices. 
 The following tables present ACC s estimate of the pretax impact of these hypothetical market movements as of December 31, 2022 
 Interest Rate Increase 100 Basis Points Interest Rate Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in thousands) Certificates (8,584) N A (8,584) 
 N A Not Applicable 
 Equity Price Decline 10 Equity Price Exposure to Pretax Income Before Hedge Impact Hedge Impact Net Impact (in thousands) Certificates 1,216 (1,137) 79 
 The above results compare to an estimated positive impact to pretax income of 13.8 million related to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates and an estimated negative impact of 33 thousand related to a 10 equity price decline as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in sensitivity of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates compared to the prior year was primarily driven by higher assumed liability crediting rates in a rising rate environment. 
 13 

Actual results could differ materially from those illustrated above as they are based on a number of estimates and assumptions. These include assuming that implied market volatility does not change when equity prices fall by 10 , the composition of invested assets and liabilities does not change in the 12 month period following the hypothetical market decline and that the 100 basis point increase in interest rates is a parallel shift in the yield curve. Furthermore, ACC has not tried to anticipate actions management might take to increase revenues or reduce expenses in these scenarios. 
 The selection of a 100 basis point interest rate increase and a 10 equity price decline should not be construed as a prediction of future market events. Impacts of larger or smaller changes in interest rates or equity prices may not be proportional to those shown for a 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a 10 decline in equity prices. 
 ACC has interest rate risk from its Flexible Savings Certificates and other fixed rate certificates. These products are investment certificates generally ranging in amounts from 1 thousand to 2 million with interest crediting rate terms ranging from three to 48 months. ACC guarantees an interest rate to the holders of these products. Payments collected from clients are primarily invested in fixed income securities to fund the client credited rate with the spread between the rate earned from investments and the rate credited to clients recorded as earned income. Client liabilities and investment assets generally differ as it relates to basis, repricing or maturity characteristics. Rates credited to clients generally reset at shorter intervals than the yield on underlying investments. This exposure is not currently hedged although ACC monitors its investment strategy and makes modifications based on changing liabilities and the expected interest rate environment. ACC also has interest rate risk from its Step-Up Rate Certificates, which was not material as of December 31, 2022. ACC had 9.1 billion in reserves included in Certificate reserves as of December 31, 2022 to cover the liabilities associated with these products. 
 ACC has equity price risk from its Stock Market Certificates. Stock Market Certificates are purchased for amounts generally from 1 thousand to 2 million for terms of 52 weeks, 104 weeks or 156 weeks which can be extended to a maximum of 15 years depending on the term. For each term the certificate holder can choose to participate 100 in any percentage increase in the S&P 500 Index up to a maximum return or choose partial participation in any increase in the S&P 500 Index plus a fixed rate of interest guaranteed in advance. If partial participation is selected, the total of equity-linked return and guaranteed rate of interest cannot exceed the maximum return. ACC had 220.5 million in reserves included in Certificate reserves as of December 31, 2022 to cover the liabilities associated with these products. 
 The equity-linked return to investors creates equity price risk exposure. ACC seeks to minimize this exposure with purchased futures and call spreads that replicate what ACC must credit to client accounts. This risk continues to be fully hedged. 
 Stock Market Certificates have interest rate risk as changes in interest rates affect the fair value of the payout to be made to the certificate holder. This risk is immaterial and not currently hedged. 
 Credit Risk 
 ACC is exposed to credit risk within its investment portfolio, including its loan portfolio, and through derivative counterparties. Credit risk relates to the uncertainty of an obligor s continued ability to make timely payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the instrument or contract. ACC considers its total potential credit exposure to each counterparty and its affiliates to ensure compliance with pre-established credit guidelines at the time it enters into a transaction which would potentially increase ACC s credit risk. These guidelines and oversight of credit risk are managed through ACC s comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. 
 ACC manages the risk of credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties by applying disciplined fundamental credit analysis and underwriting standards, prudently limiting exposures to lower-quality, higher-yielding investments, and diversifying exposures by issuer, industry, region and underlying investment type. ACC remains exposed to occasional adverse cyclical economic downturns during which default rates may be significantly higher than the long-term historical average used in pricing. 
 ACC manages its credit risk related to over-the-counter derivatives by entering into transactions with creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master netting arrangements that provide for a single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another upon default. Generally, ACC s current credit exposure on over-the-counter derivative contracts is limited to a derivative counterparty s net positive fair value of derivative contracts after taking into consideration the existence of netting arrangements and any collateral received. This exposure is monitored and managed to an acceptable threshold level. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 hereof. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 14 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 ACC maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported in the Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in and pursuant to SEC regulations, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to ACC s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. It should be noted that, because of inherent limitations, ACC s disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 ACC s management, under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of ACC s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, ACC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that ACC s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in ACC s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ACC s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions (I)(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions (I)(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions (I)(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Item omitted pursuant to General Instructions (I)(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The Board of Directors of ACC, at the recommendation of its Audit Committee, appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC as an independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Consolidated Financial Statements of ACC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Audit Fees 
 The aggregate fees billed or to be billed by PwC for each of the last two years for professional services rendered for the audit of ACC s annual Consolidated Financial Statements and services that were provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings were 123,000 and 130,500 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, All Other Fees 
 ACC was not billed by PwC for any fees for audit-related fees, tax fees or any other fees for 2022 or 2021. 
 Policy on Pre-Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered Public Accountants 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the terms of the engagement of PwC are subject to the specific pre-approval of the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial. All audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by PwC for ACC require pre-approval by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial in accordance with pre-approval procedures established by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial. The procedures require all proposed engagements of PwC for services to ACC of any kind to be directed to the General Auditor of Ameriprise Financial and then submitted for approval to the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial prior to the beginning of any services. 
 15 

In addition, the charter of ACC s Audit Committee requires pre-approval of any engagement, including the fees and other compensation, of PwC (1) to provide any services to ACC and prohibits the performance of certain specified non-audit services, and (2) to provide any non-audit services to Ameriprise Financial or any affiliate of Ameriprise Financial that controls, is controlled by, or under common control with Ameriprise Financial if the engagement relates directly to the operations and financial reporting of ACC. Certain exceptions apply to the pre-approval requirement. 
 In both 2022 and 2021, 100 of the services provided by PwC for ACC were pre-approved by the Audit and Risk Committee of Ameriprise Financial and the Audit Committee of ACC. 
 16 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 hereof. 
 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 hereof. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or, where indicated, were already filed and are hereby incorporated by reference 
 
 Exhibit Description 3(a) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of American Express Certificate Company, dated August 1, 2005, filed electronically on or about March 10, 2006 as Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 3(b) 
 By-Laws of Ameriprise Certificate Company, filed electronically on or about November 5, 2010 as Exhibit 3(b) to Registrant s Form 10-Q, are incorporated herein by reference. 10(a) 
 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Services Agreement, dated December 1, 2018, between Registrant and Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC filed electronically on or about February 27, 2019 as Exhibit 10(a) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(b) 
 Distribution Agreement, dated December 31, 2006, between Registrant and Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC (formerly Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.) filed electronically on or about February 26, 2007 as Exhibit 1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to Registration Statement No. 2-95577 for Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate is incorporated herein by reference. 10(c) 
 Amendment to the Distribution Agreement, dated January 21, 2021, between Registrant and Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC, effective February 1, 2021, filed electronically on or about February 24, 2021 as Exhibit 10(c) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(d) 
 Depository and Custodial Agreement, dated December 31, 2006, between Registrant and Ameriprise Trust Company, filed electronically on or about February 26, 2007 as Exhibit 10(c) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to Registration Statement No. 2-95577 for Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate is incorporated herein by reference. 10(e) 
 Amendment to the Depositary and Custodial Agreement, dated December 15, 2008, between Registrant and Ameriprise Trust Company, filed on or about May 5, 2014 as Exhibit 10(c)i to Registrant s Form 10-Q, is incorporated herein by reference. 10(f) 
 Transfer Agent Agreement, dated December 31, 2006 between Registrant and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (formerly RiverSource Client Service Corporation), filed electronically on or about February 26, 2007 as Exhibit 10(e) to Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to Registration Statement No. 2-95577 for Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate is incorporated herein by reference. 10(g) 
 First Amendment to Transfer Agent Agreement, dated January 1, 2013 between Registrant and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (formerly RiverSource Client Service Corporation), filed electronically on or about February 27, 2013 as Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 10(h) 
 Second Amendment to Transfer Agent Agreement, dated January 1, 2017, between Registrant and Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. (formerly RiverSource Client Service Corporation), filed electronically on or about February 23, 2017 as Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(i) 
 Administration and Services Agreement, dated October 1, 2005, between Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (formerly RiverSource Investments, LLC) and Ameriprise Financial, Inc. filed electronically on or about March 10, 2006 as Exhibit 10(s) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(j) 
 Capital Support Agreement by and between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and Ameriprise Certificate Company, dated as of March 2, 2009, filed electronically on or about March 3, 2009 as Exhibit 10(f) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(k) 
 First Amendment to Capital Support Agreement by and between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and Ameriprise Certificate Company, effective April 30, 2014, filed electronically on or about May 5, 2014 as Exhibit 10(f)i to Registrant s Form 10-Q, is incorporated herein by reference. 10(l) 
 Federal Income Tax Sharing Agreement between or among Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and certain subsidiaries, including the Registrant, effective December 10, 2013 filed electronically on or about February 23, 2018 as Exhibit 10(l) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 
 17 

Exhibit Description 10(m) 
 State Income Tax Sharing Agreement between or among Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and certain subsidiaries, including the Registrant, effective December 10, 2013 filed electronically on or about February 23, 2018 as Exhibit 10(m) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 10(n) 
 Agreement between Ameriprise Bank, FSB and Ameriprise Certificate Company (certain Ameriprise Rewards Fulfillment Services), dated December 1, 2022. 
 10(o) 
 Agreement between Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and Ameriprise Certificate Company (certain legacy Ameriprise Rewards Fulfillment Services), dated December 1, 2019 filed electronically on or about February 26, 2020 as Exhibit 10(o) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 
 10(p) 
 Amendment to the Federal Income Tax Sharing Agreement between or among Ameriprise Financial, Inc. and certain subsidiaries, including the Registrant, effective October 9, 2020, filed electronically on or about February 24, 2021 as Exhibit 10(p) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 14(a) 
 Code of Ethics under Rule 17j-1 for Ameriprise Certificate Company effective May 21, 2014, filed electronically on or about February 27, 2019 as Exhibit 14(a) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 14(b) 
 Code of Ethics adopted under Rule 17j-1 for Registrant s investment adviser, dated November 2022. 
 14(c) 
 Code of Ethics under Rule 17j-1 for Registrant s underwriter, as revised January 1, 2023. 
 24 
 Directors Power of Attorney, dated February 13, 2023 and February 16, 2023. 31.1 
 Certification of Abu M. Arif, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 
 Certification of James R. Hill, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32 
 Certification of Abu M. Arif, Chief Executive Officer and James R. Hill, Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed electronically herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 18 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 
 Registrant 
 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Abu M. Arif 
 Abu M. Arif 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Abu M. Arif 
 Abu M. Arif 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s James R. Hill 
 James R. Hill 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Brian L. Granger Brian L. Granger 
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Ronald L. Guzior 
 Ronald L. Guzior Director 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Karen M. Bohn 
 Karen M. Bohn Director 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Lorna P. Gleason 
 Lorna P. Gleason Director 
 Date 
 February 23, 2023 By 
 s Robert McReavy 
 Robert McReavy Director 
 By 
 s Abu M. Arif 
 Abu M. Arif 
 Executed by Abu M. Arif pursuant to a Power of Attorney, dated February 13, 2023 and February 16, 2023, filed electronically herewith as Exhibit 24 to the Registrant s Form 10-K. 
 19 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 238) 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 
 1. Basis of Presentation, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 F- 9 
 2. Deposit of Assets and Maintenance of Qualified Assets 
 F- 12 
 3. Investments 
 F- 13 
 4. Financing Receivables 
 F- 16 
 5. Certificate Reserves 
 F- 19 
 6. Regulation and Dividend Restrictions 
 F- 20 
 7. Related Party Transactions 
 F- 20 
 8. Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 
 F- 21 
 9. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 F- 26 
 10. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 F- 28 
 11. Income Taxes 
 F- 29 
 12. Contingencies 
 F- 30 
 Part II. Consolidated Financial Schedules 
 I. Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-31 III. Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-74 V. Qualified Assets on Deposit December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-81 VI. Certificate Reserves Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-82 VII. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-100 
 
 All other Schedules required by Article 6 of Regulation S-X are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes and financial statement schedules, of Ameriprise Certificate Company and its subsidiary (the Company as listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 by correspondence with the custodian and the application of alternative auditing procedures where securities purchased had not been received. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Certain Level 2 and Level 3 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 As described in Notes 1, 3, and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the total fair value of available-for- sale securities was 8,369 million, which includes 6,306 million of level 2 and level 3 securities. Management determines the fair value of available-for-sale securities based on quoted prices in active markets, when available. If quoted prices are not available, management obtains the fair value from either third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes, or other model-based valuation techniques. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain level 2 and level 3 available-for-sale securities is a critical audit matter are (i) a high degree of auditor subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the valuation and (ii) the audit effort included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of certain level 2 and level 3 available-for-sale securities. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent range of prices for a sample of the securities by obtaining independent pricing from third party vendors, when available, and comparing management s estimate to the independent range of prices to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate, and or (ii) for a sample of securities, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in developing an independent range of prices and comparing management s estimate to the independently developed range, which involved independently developing assumptions based on available market inputs. The procedures also included testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 F-2 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Investment Income Interest income Available-for-Sale securities 135,500 59,409 123,900 Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans 8,286 8,116 9,780 Cash and cash equivalents 15,124 612 2,289 Certificate loans 4 8 12 Dividends 1 Other 182 394 205 Total investment income 159,096 68,540 136,186 Investment Expenses Ameriprise Financial and affiliated company fees Distribution 8,868 6,805 16,778 Investment advisory and services 13,138 13,790 16,672 Transfer agent 6,218 6,957 8,390 Depository 73 90 94 Other 444 717 485 Total investment expenses 28,741 28,359 42,419 Net investment income before provision for certificate reserves and income taxes 130,355 40,181 93,767 Provision for Certificate Reserves 
 According to the terms of the certificates Provision for certificate reserves 206 249 417 Interest on additional credits 1 1 1 Additional credits interest authorized by ACC 54,167 10,031 56,845 Total provision for certificate reserves before reserve recoveries 54,374 10,281 57,263 Reserve recoveries from terminations prior to maturity (869) (760) (874) Net provision for certificate reserves 53,505 9,521 56,389 Net investment income before income taxes 76,850 30,660 37,378 Income tax expense 19,032 7,467 8,984 Net investment income, after-tax 57,818 23,193 28,394 Net realized gain (loss) on investments Securities of unaffiliated issuers before income taxes 20 2,598 1,349 Income tax expense (benefit) 4 545 283 Net realized gain (loss) on investments, after-tax 16 2,053 1,066 Net income 57,834 25,246 29,460 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-3 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Net income 
 57,834 25,246 29,460 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (131,066) (16,097) 22,763 Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (15) (863) (2,330) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 (131,081) (16,960) 20,433 Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 (73,247) 8,286 49,893 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands, except share data) ASSETS 
 Qualified Assets 
 Investments in unaffiliated issuers Cash and cash equivalents 1,180,868 689,792 Available-for-Sale securities Fixed maturities, at fair value (amortized cost 2022, 8,523,011 2021, 4,710,303) 
 8,368,916 4,728,811 Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans, at cost (allowance for credit losses 2022, 1,472 2021, 1,518 fair value 2022, 195,252 2021, 223,495) 
 204,493 221,569 Certificate loans secured by certificate reserves, at cost, which approximates fair value 72 83 Total investments 9,754,349 5,640,255 Receivables 
 Dividends and interest 22,052 5,159 Receivables from brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 2,814 4,920 Other receivables 71 403 Total receivables 24,937 10,482 Derivative assets 
 8,786 44,135 Total qualified assets 9,788,072 5,694,872 Other Assets 
 Deferred taxes, net 37,892 Taxes receivable from parent 50 Due from related party 23 Total other assets 37,892 73 Total assets 9,825,964 5,694,945 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-5 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands, except share data) LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY 
 Liabilities 
 Certificate reserves 
 Installment certificates Reserves to mature 8,413 6,112 Fully paid certificates Reserves to mature 9,293,480 5,290,301 Additional credits and accrued interest 11,079 3,647 Due to unlocated certificate holders 433 429 Total certificate reserves 9,313,405 5,300,489 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Due to related party 3,047 1,958 Taxes payable to parent 5,708 373 Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 68,533 7,862 Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 77,288 10,193 Derivative liabilities 
 6,649 41,470 Deferred taxes, net 4,557 Other liabilities 
 14,139 18,206 Total liabilities 9,411,481 5,374,915 Shareholder s Equity 
 Common shares 10 par value, 150,000 shares authorized and issued) 
 1,500 1,500 Additional paid-in capital 
 481,667 302,709 Retained earnings 
 Appropriated for pre-declared additional credits and interest 15,960 Appropriated for additional interest on advance payments 15 15 Unappropriated 30,686 70 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 (115,345) 15,736 Total shareholder s equity 414,483 320,030 Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 9,825,964 5,694,945 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity 
 Number of Outstanding Shares Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Total Appropriated for Pre-Declared Additional Credits and Interest Appropriated for Additional Interest on Advance Payments Unappropriated (in thousands, except share data) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 150,000 1,500 331,700 321 15 96,467 12,263 442,266 Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance 585 585 Net income 29,460 29,460 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 20,433 20,433 Transfer to unappropriated from appropriated (300) 300 Dividend to parent 
 (82,000) (82,000) Receipt of capital from parent 10,000 10,000 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 150,000 1,500 341,700 21 15 44,812 32,696 420,744 Net income 25,246 25,246 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (16,960) (16,960) Transfer to unappropriated from appropriated (21) 21 Dividend to parent (70,009) (70,009) Return of capital to parent 
 (38,991) (38,991) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 150,000 1,500 302,709 15 70 15,736 320,030 Net income 57,834 57,834 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax (131,081) (131,081) Transfer to appropriated from unappropriated 15,960 (15,960) Dividend to parent 
 (11,258) (11,258) Return of capital to parent 
 (7,042) (7,042) Receipt of capital from parent 
 186,000 186,000 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 150,000 1,500 481,667 15,960 15 30,686 (115,345) 414,483 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net income 57,834 25,246 29,460 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts, net (22,512) 2,382 (8,838) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) (927) 1,657 2,626 Net realized (gain) loss on Available-for-Sale securities (19) (1,093) (2,950) Other net realized (gain) loss 45 167 662 Provision for credit losses (46) (1,672) 939 Changes in operating assets and liabilities Dividends and interest receivable (9,486) 4,560 25,092 Certificate reserves, net 8,309 (3,032) (4,999) Taxes payable to receivable from parent, net 5,385 (487) 1,277 Derivatives, net of collateral (492) 224 7 Other liabilities (3,047) (7,237) (13,453) Other receivables 332 (43) (142) Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations 33,939 Other, net 1,165 1,055 (1,936) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 70,480 21,727 27,745 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Available-for-Sale securities Maturities, redemptions and calls 3,657,184 4,637,978 4,779,020 Purchases (7,426,951) (3,015,291) (3,798,529) Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans Sales, maturities and repayments 53,550 74,945 40,759 Purchases and fundings (35,505) (26,486) (41,761) Equity securities Sales 48 113 Certificate loans, net 11 129 4 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (3,751,711) 1,671,323 979,606 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Payments from certificate holders and other additions 8,343,118 2,733,012 4,259,469 Certificate maturities and cash surrenders (4,338,511) (4,189,922) (5,016,362) Receipt of capital from parent 186,000 10,000 Dividend to parent (11,258) (70,009) (82,000) Return of capital to parent (7,042) (38,991) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 4,172,307 (1,565,910) (828,893) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 491,076 127,140 178,458 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 689,792 562,652 384,194 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 1,180,868 689,792 562,652 Supplemental disclosures including non-cash transactions Cash paid (received) for income taxes 13,684 7,054 5,558 Cash paid for interest 45,485 14,721 63,532 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-8 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. Basis of Presentation, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Nature of Business 
 Ameriprise Certificate Company ACC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Ameriprise Financial or the Parent ). ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act and is in the business of issuing face-amount investment certificates. Face-amount certificates issued by ACC entitle the certificate owner to receive at maturity a stated amount of money and interest or credits declared from time to time by ACC, at its discretion. The certificates issued by ACC are not insured by any government agency or other entity. ACC s certificates are distributed and sold solely by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC AFS ), an affiliate of ACC. AFS is registered as a broker-dealer in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. 
 As of December 31, 2022, ACC offered four different certificate products to the public. ACC is impacted by significant changes in interest rates as interest crediting rates on certificate products generally reset at shorter intervals than the change in the yield on ACC s investment portfolio. The specified maturities of most of ACC s certificate products range from ten to twenty years. Within that maturity period, most certificates have interest crediting rate terms ranging from three to 48 months. Interest crediting rates are subject to change and certificate product owners can surrender their certificates without penalty at term s end however, the Cash Reserve Certificate is a fully liquid product and can be surrendered at any time without penalty. In addition, two types of certificate products (only one currently sold) have interest tied, in whole or in part, to a broad-based stock market index. In general, ACC s certificate products are available as qualified investments for Individual Retirement Accounts, 401(k) plans and other qualified retirement plans. 
 ACC evaluated events or transactions that may have occurred after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure through the date the financial statements were issued. Other than disclosed in Note 7, no other subsequent events or transactions requiring recognition or disclosure were identified. 
 Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 
 The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). ACC uses the consolidation method of accounting for its wholly owned subsidiary, Investors Syndicate Development Corp. 
 Amounts Based on Estimates and Assumptions 
 Accounting estimates are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. In part, they are based upon assumptions concerning future events. Among the more significant are those that relate to investment securities valuation and the recognition of credit losses or impairments and income tax provision and the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities. These accounting estimates reflect the best judgment of management and actual results could differ. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income is accrued as earned using the effective interest method, which makes an adjustment of the yield for security premiums and discounts on all performing fixed maturity securities classified as Available-for-Sale so that the related security or loan recognizes a constant rate of return on the outstanding balance throughout its term. When actual prepayments differ significantly from originally anticipated prepayments, the retrospective effective yield is recalculated to reflect actual payments to date and updated future payment assumptions and a catch-up adjustment is recorded in the current period. In addition, the new effective yield, which reflects anticipated future payments, is used prospectively. Realized gains and losses on securities are recognized using the specific identification method on a trade date basis. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 ACC has defined cash equivalents as highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities at the time of purchase of 90 days or less. 
 Available-for-Sale Securities 
 Available-for-Sale securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains (losses) recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI ), net of income taxes. Available-for-Sale securities are recorded within Investments in unaffiliated issuers. Gains and losses are recognized on a trade date basis in the Consolidated Statements of Operations upon disposition of the securities. 
 Available-for-Sale securities are impaired when the fair value of an investment is less than its amortized cost. When an Available-for-Sale security is impaired, ACC first assesses whether or not (i) it has the intent to sell the security (i.e., made a decision to sell) or (ii) it is more likely than not that ACC will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. If either of these conditions exist, ACC recognizes an impairment by reducing the book value of the security for the difference between the investment s amortized cost and its fair value with a corresponding charge to earnings. Subsequent increases in the fair value of Available-for-Sale securities that occur in periods after a write-down has occurred are recorded as unrealized gains in other comprehensive income (loss) OCI ), while subsequent decreases in fair value would continue to be recorded as reductions of book value with a charge to earnings. 
 F-9 

For securities that do not meet the above criteria, ACC determines whether the decrease in fair value is due to a credit loss or due to other factors. The amount of impairment due to credit-related factors, if any, is recognized as an allowance for credit losses with a related charge to Net realized gain (loss) on investments. The allowance for credit losses is limited to the amount by which the security s amortized cost basis exceeds its fair value. The amount of the impairment related to other factors is recognized in OCI. 
 Factors ACC considers in determining whether declines in the fair value of fixed maturity securities are due to credit-related factors include (i) the extent to which the market value is below amortized cost (ii) fundamental analysis of the liquidity, business prospects and overall financial condition of the issuer and (iii) market events that could impact credit ratings, economic and business climate, litigation and government actions, and similar external business factors. 
 If through subsequent evaluation there is a sustained increase in cash flows expected, both the allowance and related charge to earnings may be reversed to reflect the increase in expected principal and interest payments. 
 In order to determine the amount of the credit loss component for corporate debt securities, a best estimate of the present value of cash flows expected to be collected discounted at the security s effective interest rate is compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. The significant inputs to cash flow projections consider potential debt restructuring terms, projected cash flows available to pay creditors and ACC s position in the debtor s overall capital structure. When assessing potential credit-related impairments for structured investments (e.g., residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and asset backed securities), ACC also considers credit-related factors such as overall deal structure and its position within the structure, quality of underlying collateral, delinquencies and defaults, loss severities, recoveries, prepayments and cumulative loss projections. 
 Management has elected to exclude accrued interest in its measurement of the allowance for credit losses for Available-for-Sale securities. Accrued interest on Available-for-Sale securities is recorded as earned in Receivables. Available-for-Sale securities are generally placed on nonaccrual status when the accrued balance becomes 90 days past due or earlier based on management s evaluation of the facts and circumstances of each security under review. All previously accrued interest is reversed through Investment income. 
 Financing Receivables 
 Commercial Loans 
 Commercial loans include commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans and are recorded at amortized cost less the allowance for credit losses. Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans are recorded within Investments in unaffiliated issuers. Commercial mortgage loans are loans on commercial properties that are originated by ACC. Syndicated loans represent ACC s investment in loan syndications originated by unrelated third parties. 
 Interest income is accrued as earned on the unpaid principal balances of the loans. Interest income recognized on commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans is recorded in Investment income. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets to present the net amount expected to be collected over the asset s expected life, considering past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. Estimates of expected credit losses consider both historical charge-off and recovery experience as well as current economic conditions and management s expectation of future charge-off and recovery levels. Expected losses related to risks other than credit risk are excluded from the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is measured and recorded upon initial recognition of the loan, regardless of whether it is originated or purchased. 
 The allowance for credit losses for commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans utilizes a probability of default and loss severity approach to estimate lifetime expected credit losses. Actual historical default and loss severity data for each type of commercial loan is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to develop the probability of default and loss severity assumptions that are applied to the amortized cost basis of the loans over the expected life of each portfolio. The allowance for credit losses on commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans is recorded through provisions charged to Net realized gain (loss) on investments and is reduced increased by net charge-offs recoveries. 
 Management determines the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses based on the overall loan portfolio composition, recent and historical loss experience, and other pertinent factors, including when applicable, internal risk ratings, loan-to-value LTV ratios, and occupancy rates, along with reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic and market conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates, which may be susceptible to significant change. While ACC may attribute portions of the allowance to specific loan pools as part of the allowance estimation process, the entire allowance is available to absorb losses expected over the life of the loan portfolio. 
 Certificate Loans 
 Certificate loans are recorded within Investments in unaffiliated issuers. When originated, the loan balances do not exceed the cash surrender value of the underlying products. As there is minimal risk of loss related to certificate loans, ACC does not record an allowance for credit losses. 
 F-10 

Interest income is accrued as earned on the unpaid principal balances of the loans. Interest income recognized on certificate loans is recorded in Investment income. 
 See Note 4 for additional information on financing receivables. 
 Nonaccrual Loans 
 Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans are placed on nonaccrual status when either the collection of interest or principal has become 90 days past due or is otherwise considered doubtful of collection. Interest payments received on loans on nonaccrual status are generally applied to principal unless the remaining principal balance has been determined to be fully collectible. Management has elected to exclude accrued interest in its measurement of the allowance for credit losses for commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans. 
 Restructured Loans 
 A loan is classified as a restructured loan when ACC makes certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. When the interest rate, minimum payments, and or due dates have been modified in an attempt to make the loan more affordable to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties, the modification is considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). Modifications to loan terms do not automatically result in TDRs. Generally, performance prior to the restructuring or significant events that coincide with the restructuring are considered in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms which may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at the time of the restructuring or after a performance period. If the borrower s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is not reasonably assured, the loan remains on nonaccrual status. 
 Charge-off and Foreclosure 
 Charge-offs are recorded when ACC concludes that all or a portion of the commercial mortgage loan or syndicated loan is uncollectible. Factors used by ACC to determine whether all amounts due on commercial mortgage loans will be collected, include but are not limited to, the financial condition of the borrower, performance of the underlying properties, collateral and or guarantees on the loan, and the borrower s estimated future ability to pay based on property type and geographic location. Factors used by ACC to determine whether all amounts due on syndicated loans will be collected, include but are not limited to, the borrower s financial condition, industry outlook, and internal risk ratings based on rating agency data and internal analyst expectations. 
 If it is determined that foreclosure on a commercial mortgage loan is probable and the fair value is less than the current loan balance, expected credit losses are measured as the difference between the amortized cost basis of the asset and fair value less estimated costs to sell, if applicable. Upon foreclosure, the commercial mortgage loan and related allowance are reversed, and the foreclosed property is recorded as real estate owned. 
 Certificate Reserves 
 Investment certificates may be purchased either with a lump-sum payment or by installment payments. Certificate product owners are entitled to receive, at maturity, a definite sum of money. Payments from certificate owners are credited to Certificate reserves. Investment certificate reserves accumulate interest at specified percentage rates as declared by ACC. Reserves also are maintained for advance payments made by certificate owners, accrued interest thereon, and for additional credits in excess of minimum guaranteed rates and accrued interest thereon. On certificates allowing for the deduction of a surrender charge, the cash surrender values may be less than accumulated investment certificate reserves prior to maturity dates. Cash surrender values on certificates allowing for no surrender charge are equal to certificate reserves. The payment distribution, reserve accumulation rates, cash surrender values, reserve values and other matters are governed by the 1940 Act. 
 Certain certificates offer a return based on the relative change in a stock market index. The certificates with an equity-based return contain embedded derivatives, which are carried at fair value within Certificate reserves. The fair values of these embedded derivatives incorporate current market data inputs. Changes in fair value are reflected within Provision for certificate reserves. 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 Derivative instruments, consisting of options and futures contracts, if any, are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The fair value of ACC s derivative instruments is determined using either market quotes or valuation models that are based upon the net present value of estimated future cash flows and incorporate current market observable inputs to the extent available. The accounting for the change in the fair value of the derivative instrument depends on its intended use and the resulting hedge designation, if any. For derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in current period earnings. ACC s policy is to not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivatives and collateral arrangements executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting arrangement. 
 Income Taxes 
 ACC s taxable income is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of Ameriprise Financial. ACC provides for income taxes on a separate return basis, except that, under an agreement between Ameriprise Financial and ACC, tax benefits are recognized for losses to the extent they can be used in the consolidated return. It is the policy of Ameriprise Financial that it will reimburse its subsidiaries for any tax benefits recorded. 
 F-11 

ACC s provision for income taxes represents the net amount of income taxes that ACC expects to pay or to receive from various taxing jurisdictions in connection with its operations. ACC provides for income taxes based on amounts that ACC believes it will ultimately owe taking into account the recognition and measurement for uncertain tax positions. Inherent in the provision for income taxes are estimates and judgments regarding the tax treatment of certain items. 
 In connection with the provision for income taxes, ACC s Consolidated Financial Statements reflect certain amounts related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, which result from temporary differences between the assets and liabilities measured for financial statement purposes versus the assets and liabilities measured for tax return purposes. 
 ACC is required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of the deferred tax assets that management believes will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining if a valuation allowance should be established, and the amount of such allowance if required. Factors used in making this determination include estimates relating to the performance of the business. Consideration is given to, among other things in making this determination (i) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards (ii) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences (iii) taxable income in prior carryback years and (iv) tax planning strategies. See Note 11 for additional information on ACC s valuation allowance. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures 
 In March 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB proposed amendments to Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments Topic 326 ). The update removes the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, and modifies the disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructuring by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Rather than applying the recognition and measurement for TDRs, an entity must apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. The update also requires entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost. The amendments are to be applied prospectively, but entities may apply a modified retrospective transition for changes to the recognition and measurement of TDRs. For entities that have adopted Topic 326, the amendments are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for entities that have adopted Topic 326, including adoption in an interim period. ACC adopted the standard on January 1, 2023. The adoption of this update did not have an impact on ACC s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 2. Deposit of Assets and Maintenance of Qualified Assets 
 Under the provisions of its certificates and the 1940 Act, ACC was required to have cash and qualified assets (as defined in Section 28(b) of the 1940 Act, as modified by an exemptive order of the SEC) in the amount of 9.3 billion and 5.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ACC reported Qualified Assets of 9.9 billion and 5.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Qualified Assets excluded net unrealized pretax losses on Available-for-Sale securities of 154.1 million and net unrealized pretax gains on Available-for-Sale securities of 18.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, Qualified Assets excluded Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations of 68.5 million and 7.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Qualified Assets are valued in accordance with such provisions of Minnesota Statutes as are applicable to investments of life insurance companies. These values are the same as financial statement carrying values, except for debt securities classified as Available-for-Sale and all marketable equity securities, which are carried at fair value in the Consolidated Financial Statements but are valued at either amortized cost, market value or par value based on the state requirements for qualified asset and deposit maintenance purposes. 
 Pursuant to provisions of the certificates, the 1940 Act, the Depository and Custodial Agreement and requirements of various states, Qualified Assets of ACC were deposited as follows 
 December 31, 2022 
 Deposits Required Deposits Excess (in thousands) Deposits to meet certificate liability requirements Pennsylvania and New Jersey (at market value) 212 130 82 Texas and Illinois (at par value) 360 150 210 Custodian (at amortized cost) 9,886,405 9,313,729 572,676 Total 9,886,977 9,314,009 572,968 
 F-12 

December 31, 2021 
 Deposits Required Deposits Excess (in thousands) Deposits to meet certificate liability requirements Pennsylvania and New Jersey (at market value) 250 130 120 Texas and Illinois (at par value) 156 150 6 Custodian (at amortized cost) 5,603,782 5,301,158 302,624 Total 5,604,188 5,301,438 302,750 
 The assets on deposit with the Custodian (or its subcustodian) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of securities and other loans having a deposit value of 8.6 billion and 4.8 billion, respectively, mortgage loans on real estate of 102.2 million and 115.9 million, respectively, and other investments of 1.2 billion and 672.3 million, respectively. There were 68.5 million and 7.9 million of Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations related to these assets on deposit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Ameriprise Trust Company ATC is the Custodian for ACC. ATC has appointed JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as its subcustodian. See Note 7 for information on related party transactions. 
 
 3. Investments 
 Investments in unaffiliated issuers were as follows 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands) Available-for-Sale securities Fixed maturities, at fair value (allowance for credit losses 2022 and 2021, nil amortized cost 2022, 8,523,011 2021, 4,710,303) 
 8,368,916 4,728,811 Commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans, at cost (allowance for credit losses 2022, 1,472 2021, 1,518 fair value 2022, 195,252 2021, 223,495) 
 204,493 221,569 Certificate loans secured by certificate reserves, at cost, which approximates fair value 72 83 Total 8,573,481 4,950,463 
 Available-for-Sale securities distributed by type were as follows 
 Description of Securities December 31, 2022 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities 
 800,596 497 (8,151) 792,942 Residential mortgage backed securities 
 2,210,633 4,202 (114,971) 2,099,864 Commercial mortgage backed securities 
 1,976,401 872 (28,521) 1,948,752 Asset backed securities 
 1,463,147 2,599 (10,474) 1,455,272 State and municipal obligations 
 9,451 (296) 9,155 U.S. government and agency obligations 
 2,062,783 819 (671) 2,062,931 Total 
 8,523,011 8,989 (163,084) 8,368,916 
 Description of Securities December 31, 2021 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Corporate debt securities 
 51,201 849 52,050 Residential mortgage backed securities 
 1,680,371 15,708 (2,531) 1,693,548 Commercial mortgage backed securities 
 1,164,516 2,449 (1,036) 1,165,929 Asset backed securities 
 502,328 3,265 (333) 505,260 State and municipal obligations 
 11,954 94 (4) 12,044 U.S. government and agency obligations 
 1,299,933 64 (17) 1,299,980 Total 
 4,710,303 22,429 (3,921) 4,728,811 
 F-13 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest of 20.8 million and 4.2 million, respectively, is excluded from the amortized cost basis of Available-for-Sale securities in the tables above and is recorded in Receivables. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment securities with a fair value of 182 thousand and 66 thousand, respectively, were pledged to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, fixed maturity securities comprised approximately 86 and 84 , respectively, of ACC s total investments. Rating agency designations are based on the availability of ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs ), including Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), Standard & Poor s Ratings Services S&P ), and Fitch Ratings Ltd. Fitch ). ACC uses the median of available ratings from Moody s, S&P and Fitch, or if fewer than three ratings are available, the lower rating is used. When ratings from Moody s, S&P and Fitch are unavailable, as is the case for many private placement securities, ACC may utilize ratings from other NRSROs or rate the securities internally. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 8.7 million and nil, respectively, worth of securities were internally rated by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC CMIA ), an affiliate of ACC. 
 A summary of fixed maturity securities by rating was as follows 
 Ratings December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Amortized Cost Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value (in thousands, except percentages) AAA 
 7,504,912 7,361,766 88 4,556,729 4,570,394 97 AA 
 104,049 100,303 1 54,137 55,093 1 A 
 165,663 164,265 2 72,913 75,140 2 BBB 
 732,811 727,450 9 20,442 22,061 Below investment grade 
 15,576 15,132 6,082 6,123 Total fixed maturities 
 8,523,011 8,368,916 100 4,710,303 4,728,811 100 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 34 and 30 , respectively, of securities rated AAA were GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC mortgage backed securities. As of December 31, 2022, ACC had 18 issuers with holdings totaling 868.0 million that individually were between 10 and 15 of total shareholder s equity. As of December 31, 2021, ACC had 11 issuers with holdings totaling 427.2 million that individually were between 10 and 12 of total shareholder s equity. There were no other holdings of any other issuer greater than 10 of total shareholder s equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The following tables summarize the fair value and gross unrealized losses on Available-for-Sale securities, aggregated by major investment type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position 
 Description of Securities December 31, 2022 
 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in thousands, except number of securities) Corporate debt securities 48 598,028 (8,151) 48 598,028 (8,151) Residential mortgage backed securities 208 1,609,795 (83,810) 78 253,759 (31,161) 286 1,863,554 (114,971) Commercial mortgage backed securities 64 1,396,001 (16,637) 21 379,588 (11,884) 85 1,775,589 (28,521) Asset backed securities 42 816,065 (8,671) 5 87,706 (1,803) 47 903,771 (10,474) State and municipal obligations 7 8,251 (200) 1 904 (96) 8 9,155 (296) U.S. government and agency obligations 11 559,320 (671) 11 559,320 (671) Total 
 380 4,987,460 (118,140) 105 721,957 (44,944) 485 5,709,417 (163,084) 
 F-14 

Description of Securities December 31, 2021 
 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in thousands, except number of securities) Residential mortgage backed securities 43 295,433 (1,733) 48 114,067 (798) 91 409,500 (2,531) Commercial mortgage backed securities 25 538,380 (842) 3 55,352 (194) 28 593,732 (1,036) Asset backed securities 5 117,631 (119) 5 92,986 (214) 10 210,617 (333) State and municipal obligations 1 996 (4) 1 996 (4) U.S. government and agency obligations 9 469,836 (17) 9 469,836 (17) Total 
 83 1,422,276 (2,715) 56 262,405 (1,206) 139 1,684,681 (3,921) 
 As part of ACC s ongoing monitoring process, management determined that the change in gross unrealized losses on its Available-for-Sale securities for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the impact of higher interest rates and wider credit spreads driven by continued market volatility, with no specific credit concerns. ACC did not recognize these unrealized losses in earnings because it was determined that such losses were due to non-credit factors. ACC does not intend to sell these securities and does not believe that it is more likely than not that ACC will be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 96 and 97 , respectively, of the total of Available-for-Sale securities with gross unrealized losses were considered investment grade. 
 There were no amounts recognized in the allowance for credit losses on Available-for-Sale securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The change in net unrealized gains (losses) on securities in OCI includes two components, net of tax (i) unrealized gains (losses) that arose from changes in the fair value of securities that were held during the period and (ii) (gains) losses that were previously unrealized, but have been recognized in current period net income due to sales of Available-for-Sale securities and due to the reclassification of noncredit losses to credit losses. 
 The following table presents a rollforward of the net unrealized gains (losses) on Available-for-Sale securities included in AOCI 
 Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Securities Deferred Income Tax Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Related to Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Securities (in thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 13,958 (1,695) 12,263 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 29,802 (7,039) 22,763 Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 (2,950) 620 (2,330) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 40,810 (8,114) 32,696 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 (21,208) 5,111 (16,097) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 (1,093) 230 (863) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 18,509 (2,773) 15,736 Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period (1) 
 (172,584) 41,518 (131,066) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on securities included in net income (2) 
 (19) 4 (15) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (154,094) 38,749 (115,345) 
 (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities arising during the period include impairments on Available-for-Sale securities related to factors other than credit that were recognized in OCI during the period. 
 (2) Reclassification amounts are reported in Net realized gain (loss) on investments. 
 F-15 

Net realized gains and losses on Available-for-Sale securities, determined using the specific identification method, recognized in Net realized gain (loss) on investments were as follows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Gross realized gains 19 1,132 2,950 Gross realized losses (39) Total 
 19 1,093 2,950 
 Available-for-Sale securities by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022 were as follows 
 Amortized Cost Fair Value (in thousands) Due within one year 
 2,148,158 2,147,363 Due after one year through five years 
 724,466 717,453 Due after five years through 10 years 
 206 212 
 2,872,830 2,865,028 Residential mortgage backed securities 
 2,210,633 2,099,864 Commercial mortgage backed securities 
 1,976,401 1,948,752 Asset backed securities 
 1,463,147 1,455,272 Total 
 8,523,011 8,368,916 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and asset backed securities are not due at a single maturity date. As such, these securities were not included in the maturities distribution. 
 
 4. Financing Receivables 
 Financing receivables are comprised of commercial loans and certificate loans. See Note 1 for information regarding ACC s accounting policies related to loans and the allowance for loan losses. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following table presents a rollforward of the allowance for credit losses 
 Commercial Loans (in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2019 (1) 
 3,022 Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance (771) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 2,251 Provisions 939 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 3,190 Provisions (1,672) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 1,518 Provisions (46) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 1,472 
 (1) Prior to January 1, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was based on an incurred loss model that did not require estimating expected credit losses over the expected life of the asset. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on commercial loans was 1.2 million and 911 thousand, respectively, and is recorded in Receivables and excluded from the amortized cost basis of commercial loans. 
 Purchases and Sales 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ACC purchased 25.2 million, 11.2 million and 33.1 million, respectively, of syndicated loans, and sold 1.1 million, 13.7 million and 4.3 million, respectively, of syndicated loans. 
 ACC has not acquired any loans with deteriorated credit quality as of the acquisition date. 
 Credit Quality Information 
 Nonperforming loans were 1.5 million and 1.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All other loans were considered to be performing. 
 F-16 

Commercial Loans 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 ACC reviews the credit worthiness of the borrower and the performance of the underlying properties in order to determine the risk of loss on commercial mortgage loans. Loan-to-value ratio is the primary credit quality indicator included in this review. 
 Based on this review, the commercial mortgage loans are assigned an internal risk rating, which management updates when credit risk changes. There were no commercial mortgage loans which management has assigned its highest risk rating as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Loans with the highest risk rating represent distressed loans which ACC has identified as impaired or expects to become delinquent or enter into foreclosure within the next six months. There were no commercial mortgage loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The tables below present the amortized cost basis of commercial mortgage loans by year of origination and loan-to-value ratio 
 December 31, 2022 
 Loan-to-Value Ratio 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Total (in thousands) 100 3,211 3,211 80 - 100 5,500 5,500 60 - 80 1,727 3,411 5,138 40 - 60 4,963 4,062 10,630 2,570 8,299 30,524 40 1,628 4,544 3,000 3,646 6,589 38,834 58,241 Total 7,128 11,234 7,062 14,276 12,370 50,544 102,614 
 December 31, 2021 
 Loan-to-Value Ratio 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (in thousands) 100 80 - 100 60 - 80 1,779 4,151 1,436 7,581 2,960 4,962 22,869 40 - 60 5,429 3,000 10,788 7,614 7,833 34,664 40 4,996 2,345 5,798 10,532 35,236 58,907 Total 12,204 7,151 14,569 13,379 21,106 48,031 116,440 
 Loan-to-value ratio is based on income and expense data provided by borrowers at least annually and long-term capitalization rate assumptions based on property type. 
 In addition, ACC reviews the concentrations of credit risk by region and property type. Concentrations of credit risk of commercial mortgage loans by U.S. region were as follows 
 Loans Percentage December 31, December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands) East North Central 9,116 11,166 9 10 East South Central 2,239 2,939 2 3 Middle Atlantic 14,640 15,581 14 13 Mountain 9,135 7,567 9 6 New England 6,542 6,766 6 6 Pacific 36,432 37,881 36 32 South Atlantic 12,003 19,574 12 17 West North Central 4,215 5,893 4 5 West South Central 8,292 9,073 8 8 102,614 116,440 100 100 Less allowance for loan losses 451 493 Total 102,163 115,947 
 F-17 

Concentrations of credit risk of commercial mortgage loans by property type were as follows 
 Loans Percentage December 31, December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands) Apartments 29,969 32,457 29 28 Industrial 25,668 25,738 25 22 Mixed use 10,658 10,938 11 10 Office 16,293 16,470 16 14 Retail 17,592 28,026 17 24 Hotel 114 Other 2,434 2,697 2 2 102,614 116,440 100 100 Less allowance for loan losses 451 493 Total 102,163 115,947 
 Syndicated Loans 
 The recorded investment in syndicated loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 103.4 million and 106.6 million, respectively. ACC s syndicated loan portfolio is diversified across industries and issuers. There were no syndicated loans past due as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. ACC assigns an internal risk rating to each syndicated loan in its portfolio ranging from 1 through 5, with 5 reflecting the lowest quality. 
 The tables below present the amortized cost basis of syndicated loans by origination year and internal risk rating 
 December 31, 2022 
 Internal Risk Rating 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Total (in thousands) Risk 5 1,132 337 1,469 Risk 4 1,937 1,786 3,723 Risk 3 3,561 717 3,058 4,740 6,859 18,935 Risk 2 2,948 7,993 5,387 6,813 5,284 16,242 44,667 Risk 1 3,342 4,423 2,556 3,467 7,880 12,889 34,557 Total 7,422 15,977 8,660 15,275 18,241 37,776 103,351 
 December 31, 2021 
 Internal Risk Rating 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (in thousands) Risk 5 1,149 340 1,489 Risk 4 959 2,491 3,450 Risk 3 4,202 4,806 4,777 4,700 18,485 Risk 2 3,688 4,606 7,215 9,109 11,048 8,000 43,666 Risk 1 4,432 2,755 3,320 7,807 12,429 8,813 39,556 Total 8,120 7,361 15,886 22,062 29,213 24,004 106,646 
 Certificate Loans 
 Certificate loans do not exceed the cash surrender value at origination. As there is minimal risk of loss related to certificate loans, ACC does not record an allowance for credit losses. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 There were no loans accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring by ACC during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. There are no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans have been restructured. 
 F-18 

5. Certificate Reserves 
 Reserves maintained on outstanding certificates have been computed in accordance with the provisions of the certificates and Section 28 of the 1940 Act. The average rates of accumulation on certificate reserves were as follows 
 December 31, 2022 
 Reserve Balance Average Gross Accumulation Rates (3) 
 Average Additional Credit Rates (4) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Installment certificates Reserves to mature Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 8,413 4.09 4.09 Fully paid certificates Reserves to mature With guaranteed rates 4,032 3.22 0.01 Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 9,079,145 2.97 2.97 Equity indexed (2) 
 210,303 N A N A Additional credits and accrued interest With guaranteed rates 17 3.07 Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 11,062 N A N A Due to unlocated certificate holders 433 N A N A Total 9,313,405 
 December 31, 2021 
 Reserve Balance Average Gross Accumulation Rates (3) 
 Average Additional Credit Rates (4) 
 (in thousands, except percentages) Installment certificates Reserves to mature Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 6,112 0.25 0.25 Fully paid certificates Reserves to mature With guaranteed rates 4,592 3.20 0.01 Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 5,012,286 0.10 0.10 Equity indexed (2) 
 273,423 N A N A Additional credits and accrued interest With guaranteed rates 20 3.06 Without guaranteed rates (1) 
 3,627 N A N A Due to unlocated certificate holders 429 N A N A Total 5,300,489 
 N A Not Applicable 
 (1) There is no minimum rate of accrual on these reserves. Interest is declared periodically, quarterly, or annually in accordance with the terms of the separate series of certificates. 
 (2) Ameriprise Stock Market Certificate and Ameriprise Market Strategy Certificate enable the certificate owner to participate in any relative rise in a major stock market index up to a cap without risking loss of principal. The certificates have market participation terms of 52, 104 or 156 weeks and may continue for up to 15 years. The reserve balances on these certificates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 220.5 million and 290.4 million, respectively. 
 (3) The average gross accumulation rate is the additional credit rate plus the guaranteed minimum rate, if applicable, based on the weighted average reserves as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (4) The average additional credit rate is the declared interest rate in excess of the guaranteed minimum rate, if applicable, based on the weighted average reserves as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 On certain series of single payment certificates, additional interest is pre-declared for periods greater than one year. The retained earnings appropriated for the pre-declared additional interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 16.0 million and nil, respectively, which reflects the difference between certificate reserves on these series, calculated on a statutory basis, and the reserves maintained per books. 
 F-19 

The carrying amounts of net certificate reserves consisted of the following 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands) Reserves with terms of one year or less 
 8,927,109 5,131,740 Other 
 386,296 168,749 Total certificate reserves 9,313,405 5,300,489 Unapplied certificate transactions 
 6,858 467 Certificate loans and accrued interest 
 (73) (85) Total 9,320,190 5,300,871 
 
 6. Regulation and Dividend Restrictions 
 ACC is required to maintain cash and qualified assets meeting the standards of Section 28(b) of the 1940 Act, as modified by an exemptive order of the SEC. The amortized cost of such investments must be at least equal to ACC s net liabilities on all outstanding face-amount certificates plus 250,000. ACC s qualified assets consist of cash equivalents, residential and commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities, syndicated loans, commercial mortgage loans, U.S. government and government agency obligations, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, equity index options and other securities meeting specified standards. So long as ACC wishes to rely on the SEC order, as a condition to the order, ACC has agreed to maintain an amount of unappropriated retained earnings and capital equal to at least 5 of certificate reserves (less outstanding certificate loans). To the extent that payment of a dividend would decrease the capital ratio below the required 5 , payment of a dividend would be restricted. In determining compliance with this condition, qualified assets are valued in accordance with the provisions of Minnesota Statutes where such provisions are applicable. 
 ACC has also entered into a written understanding with the Minnesota Department of Commerce that ACC will maintain capital equal to at least 5 of the assets of ACC (less outstanding certificate loans). To the extent that payment of a dividend would decrease this ratio below the required 5 , payment of a dividend would be restricted. When computing its capital for these purposes, ACC values its assets on the basis of statutory accounting for insurance companies rather than GAAP. ACC is subject to examination and supervision by the Minnesota Department of Commerce (Banking Division) and the SEC. ACC was in compliance with the capital requirements of the SEC and the Minnesota Department of Commerce during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Ameriprise Financial and ACC entered into a Capital Support Agreement on March 2, 2009, pursuant to which Ameriprise Financial agrees to commit such capital to ACC as is necessary to satisfy applicable minimum capital requirements. Effective April 30, 2014, this agreement was amended to revise the maximum commitment to 50.0 million. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Ameriprise Financial did not infuse any additional capital into ACC under this agreement. 
 
 7. Related Party Transactions 
 Distribution Services 
 Distribution fees payable to AFS on sales of ACC s certificates are based upon terms of agreements giving AFS the right to distribute the certificates covered under the agreements. The agreements provide for payment of fees over a period of time. 
 The following is a general description of the basis for determining distribution fees for ACC s products 
 Ameriprise Cash Reserve Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.02 of the initial payment on the issue date of the certificate and 0.02 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the second and subsequent quarters from issue date. 
 Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.04 of the initial investment amount on the first day of the certificate s term and 0.04 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the second and subsequent quarters from issue date or at the end of the renewal grace period when the renewal corresponds with the quarterly reserve payment for all terms except seven and thirteen months. For seven month terms, Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.04 of the initial investment amount on the first day of the certificate s term, 0.04 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the second quarter from issue date and 0.014 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the last month of the certificate term. For thirteen month terms, Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.04 of the initial investment amount on the first day of the certificate s term, 0.04 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the second, third and fourth quarters from issue date and 0.014 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the last month of the certificate term. 
 Ameriprise Stock Market Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.16 , 0.32 and 0.48 for the 52, 104 and 156 week terms, respectively, of each payment made prior to the beginning of the first certificate s participation term and of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of each subsequent participation term. 
 Ameriprise Market Strategy Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.16 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of each participation term. 
 F-20 

Ameriprise Installment Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.25 of all payments received on or after issue of the certificate until the certificate s maturity date. 
 Ameriprise Step-Up Rate Certificates have contractual distribution fee rates of 0.04 of the initial investment amount on the first day of the certificate s term and 0.04 of the certificate s reserve at the beginning of the second and subsequent quarters from issue date or at the end of the renewal grace period when the renewal corresponds with the quarterly reserve payment. 
 Investment Advisory and Services 
 CMIA provides investment advice, operational support and other administrative services to ACC. The agreement provides for a graduated scale of fees equal on an annual basis to 0.35 on the first 250 million of net invested assets of ACC (as defined in the agreement), 0.30 on the next 250 million, 0.25 on the next 500 million and 0.20 on the amount in excess of 1 billion. The fee is payable monthly in an amount equal to one-twelfth of each of the percentages set forth above. 
 The fee paid to CMIA for managing and servicing syndicated loans, which are excluded from the computation of net invested assets above, is equal to 0.35 . The fee is payable monthly and is equal to one-twelfth of 0.35 , computed each month on the basis of the loans amortized cost less the allowance for loan losses and payable for loans purchased as of the close of business on the last full business day of the preceding month. 
 Transfer Agent Fees 
 The basis of computing transfer agent fees paid or payable to Columbia Management Investment Services Corp. CMIS is under a Transfer Agent Agreement to maintain certificate owner accounts and records. ACC pays CMIS a monthly fee of one-twelfth of 30.00 per certificate account for this service in addition to certain out-of-pocket expenses. 
 Depository Fees 
 ATC has an agreement with a subcustodian to provide depository services for ACC s assets. The depository fees paid to ATC are asset-based with additional charges for transactional custody fees charged by the subcustodian. 
 ACC s fees payable for distribution, investment advisory, transfer agent and depository services are included in Due to related party. The fees ACC incurred for these services are included in Ameriprise Financial and affiliated company fees. 
 Dividends and Contributions 
 ACC received cash contributions of 186.0 million, nil and 10.0 million from Ameriprise Financial during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. ACC received these contributions to maintain compliance with capital requirements and these contributions were outside of the Capital Support Agreement between Ameriprise Financial and ACC. See Note 6 for additional information on the Capital Support Agreement. 
 ACC paid dividends of 11.3 million, 70.0 million and 82.0 million to Ameriprise Financial during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ACC returned contributed capital of 7.0 million, 39.0 million and nil to Ameriprise Financial during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The payments to Ameriprise Financial were recognized as a reduction of additional paid-in capital as it was in excess of the amount of unappropriated retained earnings available to be paid as a dividend. 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, ACC received a cash contribution of 35.0 million from Ameriprise Financial to support product inflows during the month of January 2023. 
 
 8. Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 
 GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date that is, an exit price. The exit price assumes the asset or liability is not exchanged subject to a forced liquidation or distressed sale. 
 Valuation Hierarchy 
 ACC categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used by ACC s valuation techniques. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows 
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Prices or valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
 Level 3 Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
 F-21 

The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 December 31, 2022 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in thousands) Assets Cash equivalents 1,159,470 1,159,470 Available-for-Sale securities Corporate debt securities 783,289 9,653 792,942 Residential mortgage backed securities 2,099,864 2,099,864 Commercial mortgage backed securities 1,948,752 1,948,752 Asset backed securities 1,450,381 4,891 1,455,272 State and municipal obligations 9,155 9,155 U.S. government and agency obligations 2,062,931 2,062,931 Total Available-for-Sale securities 2,062,931 6,291,441 14,544 8,368,916 Equity derivative contracts 8,786 8,786 Total assets at fair value 
 2,062,931 7,459,697 14,544 9,537,172 Liabilities Stock market certificate embedded derivatives 3,572 3,572 Equity derivative contracts 8 6,641 6,649 Total liabilities at fair value 
 8 10,213 10,221 
 December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in thousands) Assets Cash equivalents 672,275 672,275 Available-for-Sale securities Corporate debt securities 46,046 6,004 52,050 Residential mortgage backed securities 1,693,548 1,693,548 Commercial mortgage backed securities 1,165,929 1,165,929 Asset backed securities 500,369 4,891 505,260 State and municipal obligations 12,044 12,044 U.S. government and agency obligations 1,299,980 1,299,980 Total Available-for-Sale securities 1,299,980 3,417,936 10,895 4,728,811 Equity derivative contracts 44,135 44,135 Total assets at fair value 
 1,299,980 4,134,346 10,895 5,445,221 Liabilities Stock market certificate embedded derivatives 3,853 3,853 Equity derivative contracts 3 41,467 41,470 Total liabilities at fair value 
 3 45,320 45,323 
 F-22 

The following tables provide a summary of changes in Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 Available-for-Sale Securities Corporate Debt Securities Residential Mortgage Backed Securities Asset Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Balance at January 1, 2022 
 6,004 4,891 10,895 Total gains (losses) included in Net income 45 38 83 (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) (214) (504) (193) (911) Purchases 9,818 99,956 17,582 127,356 Settlements (6,000) (6,000) Transfers out of Level 3 (99,452) (17,427) (116,879) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 9,653 4,891 14,544 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 45 38 83 (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2022 
 (212) (38) (250) 
 Available-for-Sale Securities Corporate Debt Securities Asset Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 6,057 4,891 10,948 Total gains (losses) included in Net income 15 15 (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) (53) (15) (68) Transfers into Level 3 3 3 Transfers out of Level 3 (3) (3) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 6,004 4,891 10,895 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 15 15 (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2021 
 (53) (15) (68) 
 F-23 

Available-for-Sale Securities Equity Securities Corporate Debt Securities Asset Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 14,270 4,834 19,104 72 Total gains (losses) included in Net income (29) 26 (3) (1) Other comprehensive income (loss) 116 31 147 Sales (113) Settlements (8,300) (8,300) Transfers into Level 3 113 Transfers out of Level 3 (72) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 6,057 4,891 10,948 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in net income relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 26 26 (1) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) relating to assets held at December 31, 2020 
 116 31 147 
 (1) Included in Investment income. 
 Securities transferred from Level 3 primarily represent securities with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs. Securities transferred to Level 3 represent securities with fair values that are now based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 The following tables provide a summary of the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements developed by ACC or reasonably available to ACC of Level 3 assets 
 December 31, 2022 
 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (in thousands) Corporate debt securities (private placements) 
 9,650 Discounted cash flow 
 Yield spread to U.S. Treasuries 
 1.1 1.1 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average (in thousands) Corporate debt securities (private placements) 
 6,001 Discounted cash flow 
 Yield spread to U.S. Treasuries 
 0.9 0.9 
 The weighted average for the yield spread to U.S. Treasuries for corporate debt securities (private placements) is weighted based on the security s market value as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities. 
 Level 3 measurements not included in the tables above are obtained from non-binding broker quotes where unobservable inputs utilized in the fair value calculation are not reasonably available to ACC. 
 Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the yield spread to U.S. Treasuries used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 corporate debt securities in isolation would have resulted in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
 F-24 

Determination of Fair Value 
 ACC uses valuation techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. ACC s market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. ACC s income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future projected cash flows to a single discounted present value amount. When applying either approach, ACC maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. 
 The following is a description of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and the general classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assets 
 Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents include time deposits and other highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities at the time of purchase of 90 days or less. ACC s cash equivalents are classified as Level 2 and measured at amortized cost, which is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the short time between the purchase of the instrument and its expected realization. 
 Available-for-Sale and Equity Securities 
 When available, the fair value of securities is based on quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are obtained from third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes, or other model-based valuation techniques. 
 Level 1 securities include U.S. Treasuries. 
 Level 2 securities include corporate bonds, residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities and state and municipal obligations. The fair value of these Level 2 securities is based on a market approach with prices obtained from third-party pricing services. Observable inputs used to value these securities can include, but are not limited to, reported trades, benchmark yields, issuer spreads and non-binding broker quotes. 
 Level 3 securities include certain corporate bonds, non-agency residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities and equity securities with fair value typically based on a single non-binding broker quote. The underlying inputs used for some of the non-binding broker quotes are not readily available to ACC. ACC s privately placed corporate bonds are typically based on a single non-binding broker quote. 
 In consideration of the above, management is responsible for the fair values recorded on the financial statements. Prices received from third-party pricing services are subjected to exception reporting that identifies investments with significant daily price movements as well as no movements. ACC reviews the exception reporting and resolves the exceptions through reaffirmation of the price or recording an appropriate fair value estimate. ACC also performs subsequent transaction testing. ACC performs annual due diligence of third-party pricing services. ACC s due diligence procedures include assessing the vendor s valuation qualifications, control environment, analysis of asset-class specific valuation methodologies, and understanding of sources of market observable assumptions and unobservable assumptions, if any, employed in the valuation methodology. ACC also considers the results of its exception reporting controls and any resulting price challenges that arise. 
 Derivatives 
 Derivatives that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, such as derivatives that are exchange-traded, are classified as Level 1 measurements. The variation margin on futures contracts is classified as Level 1. The fair value of derivatives that are traded in less active over-the-counter OTC markets is generally measured using pricing models with market observable inputs such as interest rates and equity index levels. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and include options. The counterparties nonperformance risk associated with uncollateralized derivative assets was immaterial as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 9 and Note 10 for further information on the credit risk of derivative instruments and related collateral. 
 Liabilities 
 Stock Market Certificate Embedded Derivatives 
 ACC uses Black-Scholes models to determine the fair value of the embedded derivative liability associated with the provisions of its stock market certificates. The inputs to these calculations are primarily market observable and include interest rates, volatilities and equity index levels. As a result, these measurements are classified as Level 2. 
 F-25 

Derivatives 
 Derivatives that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, such as derivatives that are exchange-traded, are classified as Level 1 measurements. The variation margin on futures contracts is classified as Level 1. The fair value of derivatives that are traded in less active OTC markets is generally measured using pricing models with market observable inputs such as interest rates and equity index levels. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and include options. The Company s nonperformance risk associated with uncollateralized derivative liabilities was immaterial as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 9 and Note 10 for further information on the credit risk of derivative instruments and related collateral. 
 Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 During the reporting periods, there were no material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 Assets and Liabilities Not Reported at Fair Value 
 The following tables provide the carrying value and the estimated fair value of financial instruments that are not reported at fair value 
 December 31, 2022 
 Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in thousands) Financial Assets 
 Syndicated loans 
 102,330 96,552 3,024 99,576 Commercial mortgage loans 
 102,163 95,676 95,676 Certificate loans 
 72 72 72 Financial Liabilities 
 Certificate reserves 
 9,309,833 9,253,304 9,253,304 
 December 31, 2021 
 Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (in thousands) Financial Assets 
 Syndicated loans 
 105,622 99,691 4,703 104,394 Commercial mortgage loans 
 115,947 119,101 119,101 Certificate loans 
 83 83 83 Financial Liabilities 
 Certificate reserves 
 5,296,636 5,289,947 5,289,947 
 See Note 4 for additional information on syndicated, commercial mortgage and certificate loans. Certificate reserves represent customer deposits for fixed rate certificates and stock market certificates. 
 
 9. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 Certain derivative instruments are eligible for offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. ACC s derivative instruments are subject to master netting and collateral arrangements and qualify for offset. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. ACC s policy is to recognize amounts subject to master netting arrangements on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The following tables present the gross and net information about ACC s assets subject to master netting arrangements 
 December 31, 2022 
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral (in thousands) Derivatives OTC 8,786 8,786 (6,641) (1,893) 252 Total 8,786 8,786 (6,641) (1,893) 252 
 F-26 

December 31, 2021 
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral (in thousands) Derivatives OTC 44,135 44,135 (41,467) (2,635) 33 Total 44,135 44,135 (41,467) (2,635) 33 
 (1) Represents the amount of assets that could be offset by liabilities with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The following tables present the gross and net information about ACC s liabilities subject to master netting agreements 
 December 31, 2022 
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral (in thousands) Derivatives OTC 6,641 6,641 (6,641) Exchange-traded 8 8 8 Total 6,649 6,649 (6,641) 8 
 December 31, 2021 
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amount Financial Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral (in thousands) Derivatives OTC 41,467 41,467 (41,467) Exchange-traded 3 3 3 Total 41,470 41,470 (41,467) 3 
 (1) Represents the amount of liabilities that could be offset by assets with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In the tables above, the amount of assets or liabilities presented are offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements, then any remaining amount is reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables. 
 When the fair value of collateral accepted by ACC is less than the amount due to ACC, there is a risk of loss if the counterparty fails to perform or provide additional collateral. To mitigate this risk, ACC monitors collateral values regularly and requires additional collateral when necessary. When the value of collateral pledged by ACC declines, it may be required to post additional collateral. 
 Freestanding derivative instruments are reflected in Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities. Cash collateral accepted by ACC is reflected in Other liabilities. See Note 10 for additional disclosures related to ACC s derivative instruments. 
 F-27 

10. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 Derivative instruments enable ACC to manage its exposure to various market risks. The value of such instruments is derived from an underlying variable or multiple variables, including equity and interest rate indices or prices. ACC primarily enters into derivative agreements for risk management purposes related to ACC s products. 
 ACC uses derivatives as economic hedges of equity risk related to Stock Market Certificates SMC ). ACC does not designate any derivatives for hedge accounting. The following table presents the notional value and the gross fair value of derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Notional Gross Fair Value Notional Gross Fair Value Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities (in thousands) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 Equity contracts (1) 
 283,681 8,786 6,649 400,458 44,135 41,470 Embedded derivatives 
 Stock market certificates (2) 
 N A 3,572 N A 3,853 Total derivatives 
 283,681 8,786 10,221 400,458 44,135 45,323 
 N A Not applicable 
 (1) The gross fair value of equity contracts is included in Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities. 
 (2) The gross fair value of SMC embedded derivatives is included in Certificate reserves. 
 See Note 8 for additional information regarding ACC s fair value measurement of derivative instruments. 
 The following table presents a summary of the impact of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments, including embedded derivatives, on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Location of Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Recognized in Income Amount of Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Recognized in Income Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Equity contracts Stock market certificates Net provision for certificate reserves 
 (580) 1,403 1,271 Stock market certificates embedded derivatives Net provision for certificate reserves 
 439 (1,173) (1,214) Total (141) 230 57 
 Ameriprise SMC offer a return based upon the relative change in a major stock market index between the beginning and end of the certificate s term. The SMC product contains an embedded derivative. The equity based return of the certificate must be separated from the host contract and accounted for as a derivative instrument. As a result of fluctuations in equity markets, and the corresponding changes in value of the embedded derivative, the amount of expenses incurred by ACC related to the SMC product will positively or negatively impact reported earnings. As a means of hedging its obligations under the provisions for these certificates, ACC purchases and writes call options on the S&P 500 Index. ACC views this strategy as a prudent management of equity market sensitivity, such that earnings are not exposed to undue risk presented by changes in equity market levels. ACC also purchases futures on the S&P 500 Index to economically hedge its obligations. The futures are marked-to-market daily and exchange traded, exposing ACC to minimal counterparty risk. 
 Ameriprise Step-Up Rate Certificates SRC offer the ability to step up to a higher crediting rate based upon the then-current rate for a new SRC with the same term. The SRC was closed to new sales effective April 1, 2020. ACC does not currently hedge the interest rate risk related to the SRC product. The SRC product contains an embedded derivative, which was not material as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk associated with ACC s derivatives is the risk that a derivative counterparty will not perform in accordance with the terms of the applicable derivative contract. To mitigate such risk, ACC has established guidelines and oversight of credit risk through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. Key components of this program are to require preapproval of counterparties and the use of master netting and collateral arrangements whenever practical. See Note 9 for additional information on ACC s credit exposure related to derivative assets. 
 F-28 

11. Income Taxes 
 The components of income tax provision were as follows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Current income tax Federal 16,874 5,738 5,576 State and local 3,089 617 1,065 Total current income tax 19,963 6,355 6,641 Deferred income tax Federal (778) 1,397 2,188 State and local (149) 260 438 Total deferred income tax (927) 1,657 2,626 Total income tax provision 19,036 8,012 9,267 
 The principal reasons that the aggregate income tax provision is different from that computed by using the U.S. statutory rate of 21 were as follows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Tax at U.S. statutory rate 21.0 21.0 21.0 Changes in taxes resulting from State income tax, net 3.0 2.1 3.0 Other 0.8 1.0 (0.1) Income tax provision 24.8 24.1 23.9 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from temporary differences between the assets and liabilities measured for GAAP reporting versus income tax return purposes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the statutory rate of 21 as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The significant components of ACC s deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included in Other Assets Deferred taxes, net or Deferred taxes, net, respectively, were as follows 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 (in thousands) Deferred income tax assets Net unrealized losses on Available-for-Sale securities 37,081 Certificate reserves 2,766 1,057 Total deferred income tax assets 39,847 1,057 Deferred income tax liabilities Investments, including bond discounts and premiums 1,955 1,173 Net unrealized gains on Available-for-Sale securities 4,441 Total deferred income tax liabilities 1,955 5,614 Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) 37,892 (4,557) 
 Based on analysis of ACC s tax position, management believes it is more likely than not that ACC s results of future operations and implementation of tax planning strategies will generate sufficient taxable income to enable ACC to utilize all of the deferred tax assets. Accordingly, no valuation allowance for deferred tax assets has been established as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-29 

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits was as follows 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (in thousands) Balance at January 1 3,826 3,531 3,767 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 586 316 167 Additions for tax positions of prior years 82 Reductions for tax positions of prior years (33) (194) Reductions due to lapse of statute of limitations (37) (103) (209) Balance at December 31 4,342 3,826 3,531 
 If recognized, approximately 3.4 million, 3.0 million and 2.8 million, net of federal tax benefits, of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, would affect the effective tax rate. 
 It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months. ACC estimates that the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by approximately 982 thousand in the next 12 months primarily due to state exams. 
 ACC recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. ACC recognized a net increase of 163 thousand, 102 thousand and 133 thousand in interest and penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, ACC had a payable of 778 thousand and 615 thousand, respectively, related to accrued interest and penalties. 
 ACC files income tax returns as part of its inclusion in the consolidated federal income tax returns of Ameriprise Financial in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The federal statute of limitations are closed on years through 2015, except for one issue for 2014 and 2015 which was claimed on amended returns. The Internal Revenue Service IRS is currently auditing Ameriprise Financial s U.S. income tax returns for 2016 through 2020. Ameriprise Financial s or ACC s state income tax returns are currently under examination by various jurisdictions for years ranging from 2015 through 2020. 
 
 12. Contingencies 
 The level of regulatory activity and inquiry in the financial services industry remains elevated. From time to time, ACC receives requests for information from, and or has been subject to examination by, both the SEC and the Minnesota Department of Commerce concerning its business activities and practices. 
 ACC may in the normal course of business be a party to legal, regulatory or arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of any such proceeding cannot be predicted with any certainty. ACC believes that it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal, regulatory or arbitration proceedings that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on ACC s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is possible that the outcome of any such legal, arbitration or regulatory proceedings could have a material impact on ACC s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity in any particular reporting period as the proceedings are resolved. 
 F-30 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

CASH EQUIVALENTS CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSITS AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND BANK 1 3 2023 4.320 76,400 76,400 76,400 CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE 
 1 3 2023 4.290 25,000 25,000 25,000 TOTAL CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSITS 101,400 101,400 COMMERCIAL PAPER AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY INC 
 1 6 2023 30,000 29,979 29,979 CENTERPOINT ENERGY INC 1 3 2023 40,000 39,986 39,986 CLOROX COMPANY 1 11 2023 10,000 9,986 9,986 CONSOLIDATED EDISON INC 1 9 2023 30,000 29,969 29,969 DTE ENERGY COMPANY 1 6 2023 22,900 22,885 22,885 DTE ENERGY COMPANY 1 10 2023 4,000 3,995 3,995 DOMINION ENERGY INC 1 10 2023 14,000 13,983 13,983 DOMINION ENERGY INC 1 18 2023 36,000 35,917 35,917 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 5 2023 15,000 14,992 14,992 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 13 2023 25,000 24,962 24,962 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 18 2023 10,000 9,978 9,978 EATON CORPORATION PLC 1 5 2023 47,000 46,972 46,972 ENBRIDGE INC 1 3 2023 13,400 13,395 13,395 ENBRIDGE INC 1 13 2023 30,000 29,951 29,951 EVERGY INC 1 3 2023 54,000 53,983 53,983 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 1 10 2023 40,000 39,951 39,951 EXELON CORPORATION 1 9 2023 25,000 24,971 24,971 EXELON CORPORATION 1 18 2023 24,500 24,443 24,443 FISERV INC 1 13 2023 13,000 12,979 12,979 FISERV INC 1 26 2023 20,000 19,931 19,931 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE CO 1 4 2023 25,000 24,990 24,990 HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE CO 1 5 2023 25,000 24,986 24,986 MCKESSON CORP 1 6 2023 25,000 24,983 24,983 MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC 1 10 2023 21,000 20,975 20,975 MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL INC 1 20 2023 30,000 29,926 29,926 NISOURCE INC 1 6 2023 16,000 15,989 15,989 ORACLE CORPORATION 1 4 2023 46,375 46,357 46,357 REPUBLIC SERVICES INC 1 3 2023 25,000 24,993 24,993 REPUBLIC SERVICES INC 1 19 2023 20,000 19,951 19,951 SOUTHERN COMPANY THE 1 17 2023 34,000 33,939 33,939 SUNCOR ENERGY INC 1 3 2023 20,000 19,995 19,995 SUNCOR ENERGY INC 1 6 2023 10,000 9,993 9,993 SUNCOR ENERGY INC 1 17 2023 12,400 12,373 12,373 SYSCO CORPORATION 1 3 2023 25,100 25,094 25,094 THOMSON REUTERS CORPORATION 1 11 2023 50,000 49,933 49,933 TC ENERGY CORP 1 3 2023 19,000 18,995 18,995 VODAFONE GROUP PLC 1 3 2023 40,000 39,990 39,990 WEC ENERGY GROUP INC 1 3 2023 27,800 27,791 27,791 WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC 1 10 2023 40,000 39,950 39,950 XCEL ENERGY INC 1 6 2023 30,000 29,978 29,978 XCEL ENERGY INC 1 11 2023 13,700 13,681 13,681 TOTAL COMMERCIAL PAPER 1,058,070 1,058,070 TOTAL CASH EQUIVALENTS 1,159,470 1,159,470 
 F-31 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FIXED MATURITIES U.S. GOVERNMENT AND AGENCY OBLIGATIONS UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 26 2023 50,000 49,895 49,879 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 23 2023 50,000 49,768 49,700 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 20 2023 50,000 49,345 49,350 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 5 18 2023 120,000 117,950 117,981 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 15 2023 150,000 146,794 146,992 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 5 2023 50,000 49,986 49,989 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 12 2023 50,000 49,958 49,955 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 19 2023 50,000 49,925 49,918 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 2 2023 50,000 49,875 49,843 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 9 2023 50,000 49,835 49,800 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 16 2023 50,000 49,805 49,751 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 2 2023 50,000 49,721 49,655 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 9 2023 50,000 49,681 49,618 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 13 2023 50,000 49,418 49,437 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 27 2023 120,000 118,270 118,329 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 5 4 2023 120,000 118,157 118,203 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 5 11 2023 120,000 118,031 118,064 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 5 25 2023 150,000 147,260 147,344 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 1 2023 150,000 147,114 147,205 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 8 2023 150,000 146,968 147,072 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 22 2023 150,000 146,718 146,819 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 29 2023 150,000 146,575 146,616 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 10 5 2023 115,000 111,473 111,145 UNITED STATES TREASURY BOND 11 15 2028 5.250 200 206 212 UNITED STATES TREASURY BOND 8 15 2024 2.375 56 55 54 TOTAL U. S. GOVERNMENT AND AGENCY OBLIGATIONS 2,062,783 2,062,931 STATE AND MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS STATE OF CONNECTICUT 7 1 2023 2.000 750 751 742 DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2023 1.041 250 250 242 DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2024 1.229 250 250 234 DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2025 1.329 1,000 1,000 904 GREAT LAKES WATER AUTHORITY 7 1 2024 1.604 600 600 573 GREAT LAKES WATER AUTHORITY 7 1 2025 1.654 600 600 555 LONG ISLAND POWER AUTHORITY 3 1 2023 0.764 1,000 1,000 994 PORT AUTHORITY OF NEW YORK 7 1 2023 1.086 5,000 5,000 4,911 TOTAL STATE AND MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS 9,451 9,155 

RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 FANNIE MAE AF-204620 11 15 2042 4.560 3,481 3,473 3,425 FANNIE MAE FA-204624 12 15 2038 4.570 10,194 10,166 10,042 FANNIE MAE 06-36 GF 5 25 2036 4.689 2,341 2,350 2,291 FANNIE MAE 07-46 FB 5 25 2037 4.759 599 601 585 FANNIE MAE 07-6 2 25 2037 4.839 4,039 4,045 3,950 FANNIE MAE 09-107 FL 2 25 2038 2.192 1,237 1,243 1,206 FANNIE MAE FK-2010-123 11 25 2040 4.839 4,843 4,886 4,726 
 F-32 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FANNIE MAE 12-133 4 25 2042 4.639 2,866 2,857 2,757 FANNIE MAE FA-2013-1 2 25 2043 4.739 4,412 4,427 4,265 FANNIE MAE 13-2 KF 1 25 2037 4.569 3,468 3,460 3,357 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-22C 4 25 2045 4.470 6,407 6,384 6,210 FANNIE MAE KF-2015-27 5 25 2045 4.689 5,526 5,511 5,424 FANNIE MAE DF-2015-38 6 25 2055 4.430 9,367 9,307 9,146 FANNIE MAE FA-2015-4 2 25 2045 4.470 2,313 2,315 2,248 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-42 6 25 2055 4.450 5,888 5,857 5,805 FANNIE MAE_15-50 7 25 2045 4.470 9,682 9,671 9,393 FANNIE MAE FA-2015-55 8 25 2055 4.470 3,948 3,932 3,911 FANNIE MAE FW-2015-84 11 25 2045 4.470 6,719 6,710 6,513 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-91 12 25 2045 4.490 6,279 6,250 6,199 FANNIE MAE_15-93 8 25 2045 4.739 1,983 1,978 1,938 FANNIE MAE_16-11 3 25 2046 4.670 4,050 4,053 3,920 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-11 3 25 2046 4.620 2,902 2,896 2,875 FANNIE MAE 16-2 2 25 2056 4.600 1,965 1,962 1,967 FANNIE MAE WF-2016-68 10 25 2046 4.570 2,287 2,289 2,216 FANNIE MAE FT-2016-84 11 25 2046 4.889 6,428 6,488 6,241 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-87 11 25 2046 4.520 4,279 4,276 4,148 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-88 12 25 2046 4.560 3,441 3,441 3,354 FANNIE MAE DF-2017-16 3 25 2047 4.540 2,028 2,036 1,951 FANNIE MAE FL-2017-4 2 25 2047 4.570 4,706 4,706 4,605 FANNIE MAE FC-2017-51 7 25 2047 4.739 16,642 16,692 16,032 FANNIE MAE FNMA_17-8 2 25 2047 4.789 33,069 33,069 32,312 FANNIE MAE FC-2018-73 10 25 2048 4.689 20,917 20,861 20,103 FANNIE MAE AF-2018-87 12 25 2048 4.420 11,839 11,787 11,519 FANNIE MAE_CF-2019-33 7 25 2049 4.859 11,298 11,319 10,935 FANNIE MAE FC-2019-76 12 25 2049 4.889 10,175 10,172 9,913 FANNIE MAE_FA-2020-47 7 25 2050 4.789 28,521 28,521 27,791 FANNIE MAE FNMA_22-44 7 25 2052 4.328 17,958 17,925 17,479 FANNIE MAE_YF-204979 6 25 2050 4.839 19,039 19,055 18,504 FANNIE MAE 09-101 12 25 2039 5.229 5,096 5,168 5,099 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1572 5 1 2038 2.714 4,052 4,261 4,072 FREDDIE MAC 848416 2 1 2041 2.226 2,318 2,416 2,314 FREDDIE MAC 848530 9 1 2039 3.330 1,063 1,120 1,073 FREDDIE MAC 849281 8 1 2037 3.751 2,344 2,482 2,376 FREDDIE MAC SB0752 10 1 2037 4.500 14,766 14,459 14,684 FREDDIE MAC SB8155 5 1 2037 3.000 30,894 29,997 28,936 FREDDIE MAC SB8191 10 1 2037 4.500 37,782 36,962 37,540 FREDDIE MAC SB8197 12 1 2037 4.000 34,732 34,048 33,897 FREDDIE MAC 781884 8 1 2034 4.250 175 177 177 FREDDIE MAC LF-204475 4 15 2040 4.430 1,253 1,252 1,232 FREDDIE MAC FB-204495 11 15 2038 4.470 4,832 4,809 4,759 FREDDIE MAC 5258 8 25 2052 4.428 49,240 49,240 48,134 FREDDIE MAC 1H2520 6 1 2035 3.504 1,192 1,256 1,207 FREDDIE MAC 1N1474 5 1 2037 4.760 29 30 29 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1515 11 1 2038 3.138 4,887 5,144 4,930 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1540 6 1 2040 2.590 2,094 2,229 2,109 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1548 8 1 2038 2.779 1,868 1,960 1,877 FREDDIE MAC 848922 4 1 2037 3.351 1,577 1,671 1,590 
 F-33 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780514 5 1 2033 3.062 86 88 87 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780845 9 1 2033 4.296 40 39 41 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780903 9 1 2033 4.321 46 46 46 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845654 2 1 2024 2.625 1 1 1 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845730 11 1 2023 4.375 4 4 4 FREDDIE MAC 845733 4 1 2024 2.625 8 8 8 FREDDIE MAC ARM 846702 10 1 2029 4.460 FANNIE MAE 22-33 9 25 2038 4.328 21,843 21,843 21,362 FANNIE MAE 22-37 7 25 2052 4.328 45,484 45,443 44,590 FANNIE MAE 22-43 FB 7 25 2052 4.528 37,342 37,405 36,560 FANNIE MAE 22-66 10 25 2052 4.478 24,338 24,364 23,740 FANNIE MAE AL4110 3 1 2037 3.638 1,678 1,757 1,692 FANNIE MAE AL4100 9 1 2036 3.673 2,060 2,162 2,089 FANNIE MAE AL4114 2 1 2039 3.537 1,854 1,959 1,888 FANNIE MAE AS4507 2 1 2030 3.000 3,989 4,086 3,816 FANNIE MAE AS4878 4 1 2030 3.000 5,104 5,229 4,883 FANNIE MAE 725719 7 1 2033 3.231 131 131 130 FANNIE MAE 725694 7 1 2034 3.340 99 98 97 FANNIE MAE 834552 8 1 2035 4.100 113 114 114 FANNIE MAE BE5622 1 1 2032 2.500 11,390 11,462 10,649 FANNIE MAE BK0933 7 1 2033 3.500 4,097 4,140 3,939 FANNIE MAE BT1939 2 1 2037 2.000 9,035 8,962 8,058 FANNIE MAE CA1265 2 1 2033 3.000 9,513 9,467 9,053 FANNIE MAE CA2283 8 1 2033 3.500 4,461 4,454 4,290 FANNIE MAE FM9247 11 1 2036 2.000 6,978 7,157 6,215 FANNIE MAE FS2940 9 1 2037 4.500 14,487 14,144 14,398 FANNIE MAE MA3391 6 1 2033 3.000 5,433 5,385 5,103 FANNIE MAE MA4697 8 1 2042 4.000 19,375 19,419 18,356 FANNIE MAE 303970 9 1 2024 6.000 7 7 8 FANNIE MAE 725558 6 1 2034 3.337 31 31 31 FANNIE MAE 735034 10 1 2034 3.785 1,270 1,329 1,281 FANNIE MAE 735702 7 1 2035 3.629 907 930 922 FANNIE MAE 794787 10 1 2034 3.710 45 45 44 FANNIE MAE 799733 11 1 2034 3.809 117 119 115 FANNIE MAE 801337 9 1 2034 4.022 679 712 694 FANNIE MAE 801917 10 1 2034 4.070 159 160 157 FANNIE MAE 804561 9 1 2034 4.081 159 159 159 FANNIE MAE 807219 1 1 2035 3.918 353 355 352 FANNIE MAE 809532 2 1 2035 2.152 138 139 138 FANNIE MAE 889485 6 1 2036 3.784 1,049 1,064 1,062 FANNIE MAE 922674 4 1 2036 3.286 411 420 417 FANNIE MAE 968438 1 1 2038 3.905 313 328 307 FANNIE MAE 995123 8 1 2037 4.080 108 112 110 FANNIE MAE 995548 9 1 2035 3.503 535 545 541 FANNIE MAE 995604 11 1 2035 3.736 1,239 1,299 1,256 FANNIE MAE 995614 8 1 2037 3.407 211 222 209 FANNIE MAE AB5230 5 1 2027 2.500 2,060 2,080 1,972 FANNIE MAE AD0901 4 1 2040 2.841 978 1,037 985 FANNIE MAE AE0559 12 1 2034 3.595 1,307 1,365 1,315 FANNIE MAE AE0566 8 1 2035 3.437 1,215 1,270 1,231 
 F-34 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FANNIE MAE AL1037 1 1 2037 3.261 1,204 1,273 1,224 FANNIE MAE AL2269 10 1 2040 3.783 974 1,033 987 FANNIE MAE AL3935 9 1 2037 3.720 2,904 3,052 2,941 FANNIE MAE AL3961 2 1 2039 2.644 929 978 935 FANNIE MAE AO8746 8 1 2027 2.500 3,921 3,987 3,745 FANNIE MAE ARM 190726 3 1 2033 5.402 16 16 16 FANNIE MAE ARM 249907 2 1 2024 2.750 3 3 3 FANNIE MAE ARM 303259 3 1 2025 2.480 4 4 3 FANNIE MAE ARM 545786 6 1 2032 3.290 142 143 141 FANNIE MAE ARM 620293 1 1 2032 4.400 23 23 23 FANNIE MAE ARM 651629 8 1 2032 3.935 21 21 20 FANNIE MAE ARM 655646 8 1 2032 3.965 69 69 68 FANNIE MAE ARM 655798 8 1 2032 3.854 157 157 155 FANNIE MAE ARM 661349 9 1 2032 4.270 67 67 68 FANNIE MAE ARM 661744 10 1 2032 4.062 99 99 100 FANNIE MAE ARM 664750 10 1 2032 3.863 56 56 55 FANNIE MAE ARM 670731 11 1 2032 3.540 49 49 48 FANNIE MAE ARM 670779 11 1 2032 3.435 220 220 216 FANNIE MAE ARM 670890 12 1 2032 3.665 74 75 73 FANNIE MAE ARM 670912 12 1 2032 3.665 54 54 52 FANNIE MAE ARM 670947 12 1 2032 3.665 129 130 126 FANNIE MAE ARM 722779 9 1 2033 2.788 57 57 56 FANNIE MAE ARM 733525 8 1 2033 3.750 219 212 218 FANNIE MAE ARM 739194 9 1 2033 3.854 240 241 240 FANNIE MAE ARM 743256 10 1 2033 3.859 53 53 53 FANNIE MAE ARM 743856 11 1 2033 4.227 29 29 30 FANNIE MAE ARM 758873 12 1 2033 3.911 46 46 46 FANNIE MAE HYBRID ARM 566074 5 1 2031 3.334 148 148 146 FANNIE MAE HYBRID ARM 584507 6 1 2031 3.589 87 87 88 FANNIE MAE MA1144 8 1 2027 2.500 1,840 1,873 1,747 FREDDIE MAC 2A-AOT-76 10 25 2037 2.016 3,529 3,588 3,018 FREDDIE MAC 4363 2014 FA 9 15 2041 3.027 1,425 1,427 1,368 FREDDIE MAC GF-204367 3 15 2037 4.470 6,827 6,814 6,584 FANNIE MAE F-2019-31 7 25 2049 4.839 20,466 20,456 19,831 FREDDIE MAC AF-204774 7 15 2042 4.420 3,897 3,891 3,854 FREDDIE MAC FHLMC_22-5278 11 25 2052 4.728 82,438 82,438 81,773 FREDDIE MAC F2-20350 9 15 2040 3.008 11,916 11,905 11,631 FREDDIE MAC FD-203928 9 15 2041 4.738 13,720 13,816 13,452 FREDDIE MAC 4159 FD 1 15 2043 4.668 3,344 3,355 3,284 FREDDIE MAC 4248 5 15 2041 4.768 5,327 5,335 5,234 FREDDIE MAC FD-204301 7 15 2037 4.718 4,646 4,674 4,558 FREDDIE MAC 4448 5 15 2040 4.440 3,870 3,850 3,734 FREDDIE MAC WF-204491 8 15 2039 4.440 2,360 2,357 2,317 FREDDIE MAC FL-204523 8 15 2038 4.470 3,660 3,637 3,543 FREDDIE MAC FA-204547 9 15 2040 4.570 3,309 3,303 3,212 FREDDIE MAC AF-204559 3 15 2042 4.620 4,275 4,258 4,216 FREDDIE MAC KF-204560 7 15 2040 4.670 5,057 5,047 5,034 
 F-35 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FREDDIE MAC 4595 10 15 2037 4.670 2,896 2,896 2,852 FREDDIE MAC AF-204615 10 15 2038 4.470 2,246 2,238 2,184 FANNIE MAE GF-204639 3 15 2036 4.570 9,968 9,940 9,834 FREDDIE MAC WF-204681 8 15 2033 4.470 13,473 13,463 13,284 FREDDIE MAC WF-204697 6 15 2038 4.470 9,048 9,047 8,982 FREDDIE MAC WF-204730 8 15 2038 4.470 18,280 18,190 18,347 FREDDIE MAC FA-204822 5 15 2035 4.568 28,734 28,730 28,296 FREDDIE MAC_JF-204981 6 25 2050 4.789 16,456 16,455 16,143 FREDDIE MAC 4981 6 25 2050 4.789 39,695 39,942 38,430 FREDDIE MAC FHLMC_5080 3 25 2051 4.148 16,567 16,567 15,143 FREDDIE MAC G16485 5 1 2033 3.000 6,640 6,598 6,244 FREDDIE MAC J32518 8 1 2030 3.000 5,067 5,197 4,853 FREDDIE MAC G30227 5 1 2023 5.500 6 6 6 FREDDIE MAC F4-20328 2 15 2038 2.993 2,528 2,530 2,465 GINNIE MAE FB-2013-151 2 20 2040 4.703 7,963 7,998 7,803 GINNIE MAE LF-2015-82 4 20 2041 2.430 2,568 2,568 2,508 GINNIE MAE AF-2020-36 3 20 2050 4.803 27,240 27,276 26,460 GINNIE MAE II 082573 7 20 2040 2.625 1,605 1,659 1,568 GINNIE MAE II 082431 12 20 2039 1.750 1,577 1,636 1,535 GINNIE MAE II 082710 1 20 2041 2.625 1,175 1,219 1,161 GINNIE MAE FC-2009-8 2 16 2039 5.226 6,040 6,188 6,074 GINNIE MAE FA-2014-43 3 20 2044 4.753 6,638 6,644 6,494 GINNIE MAE AF-2014-94 11 20 2041 2.124 1,655 1,658 1,567 GINNIE MAE AF-2015-18 2 20 2040 2.660 4,487 4,493 4,383 GINNIE MAE FA-2016-115 8 20 2046 4.753 14,639 14,719 14,269 GINNIE MAE MF-2016-108 8 20 2046 4.420 552 550 532 GINNIE MAE FC-2018-67 5 20 2048 4.653 4,500 4,503 4,356 GINNIE MAE 18-66 5 20 2048 4.603 3,569 3,569 3,479 GINNIE MAE 18-168 12 20 2048 4.753 13,679 13,680 13,340 GINNIE MAE 19-143 11 20 2049 4.803 12,908 12,952 12,609 GINNIE MAE 22-18 1 20 2052 4.026 23,582 23,541 22,626 GINNIE MAE 22-207 12 20 2052 4.346 58,722 58,722 58,722 GINNIE MAE 22-213 12 20 2052 4.346 75,000 75,000 75,000 GINNIE MAE 22-99 6 20 2052 4.376 39,532 39,580 38,454 GINNIE MAE 22-137 8 20 2052 4.276 24,903 24,887 24,363 GINNIE MAE 22-168 9 20 2052 4.326 74,446 74,446 72,745 GINNIE MAE II 082464 1 20 2040 2.625 601 642 593 GINNIE MAE II 082497 3 20 2040 2.625 1,100 1,164 1,086 GINNIE MAE II 082581 7 20 2040 2.625 2,026 2,162 1,979 GINNIE MAE II 082602 8 20 2040 2.625 3,703 3,956 3,617 GINNIE MAE II 082794 4 20 2041 2.875 1,903 2,024 1,881 GINNIE MAE II ARM 8157 3 20 2023 2.625 1 1 1 GINNIE MAE II ARM 8638 6 20 2025 2.875 14 14 14 GINNIE MAE AF-2014-129 10 20 2041 2.588 2,366 2,363 2,294 TOTAL AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 1,524,766 1,488,648 
 F-36 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

NON-AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 ADJUSTABLE RATE MORTGAGE TRUST ARMT_04-2 2 25 2035 3.798 86 86 84 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_22-1 12 25 2066 2.881 27,928 27,919 24,741 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_19-1 11 25 2048 3.920 278 278 276 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_18-3 9 25 2048 3.649 126 126 125 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_20-5 5 25 2065 1.373 5,245 5,242 4,656 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_20-2 1 26 2065 2.531 1,730 1,746 1,560 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_20-3 4 25 2065 1.691 4,745 4,742 4,186 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST AOMT_21-8 11 25 2066 1.820 11,743 11,740 9,868 APS RESECURITIZATION TRUST APS_16-3 11 27 2066 6.639 5,691 5,679 7,250 APS RESECURITIZATION TRUST APS_16-3 11 27 2046 6.639 5,064 5,052 6,441 ARROYO MORTGAGE TRUST ARRW_19-1 1 25 2049 3.805 5,634 5,627 5,252 ARRW_19-3 10 25 2048 2.962 3,914 3,911 3,522 BANK OF AMERICA MORTGAGE SECURITIES BOAMS_04-E 6 25 2034 3.587 680 677 644 BRAVO RESIDENTIAL FUNDING TRUST BRAVO_20-RPL1 5 26 2059 2.500 12,185 12,338 11,215 BRAVO RESIDENTIAL FUNDING TRUST BRAVO_22-NQM1 9 25 2061 3.626 20,041 20,019 18,786 BUNKER HILL LOAN DEPOSITARY TRUST BHLD_19-2 7 25 2049 2.879 6,236 6,231 5,817 BUNKER HILL LOAN DEPOSITARY TRUST BHLD_19-3 11 25 2059 2.724 2,868 2,866 2,738 CENTEX HOME EQUITY CXHE_03-A 12 25 2031 4.250 288 287 285 CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE CORPORATION CHASE_07-A1 2 25 2037 3.492 945 937 902 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST INC CMLTI_15-5 8 25 2034 3.619 532 532 523 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST INC CMLTI_15-RP2 CMLTI_15-PS1 9 25 2042 3.750 1,307 1,316 1,219 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST INC CMLTI_15-11 3 25 2035 3.525 437 436 428 COLT FUNDING LLC COLT_20-2R 10 26 2065 1.325 6,117 6,114 5,297 COLT FUNDING LLC COLT_21-6 12 25 2066 1.907 21,708 21,702 18,446 COLT MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST COLT_22-2 2 25 2067 2.994 13,784 13,783 12,468 COLT MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST COLT_22-1 12 27 2066 2.284 21,554 21,548 18,751 COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS CWHL_03-46 1 19 2034 3.912 726 735 667 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_15-6R 7 27 2035 3.275 215 215 213 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_17-FHA1 4 25 2047 3.250 9,961 10,040 8,844 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_17-RPL3 8 1 2057 4.000 17,326 17,837 15,563 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_19-NQM1 10 25 2059 2.656 1,264 1,263 1,195 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_20-SPT1 4 25 2065 1.616 1,935 1,934 1,873 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_22-ATH1 1 25 2067 2.870 15,338 15,334 13,994 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_22-ATH2 5 25 2067 4.547 19,113 19,111 18,566 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_17-RPL1 7 25 2057 2.750 7,612 7,601 6,948 CS FIRST BOSTON MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORP. CSFB_04-AR3 4 25 2034 3.452 197 199 179 CSMC TRUST CSMC_21-NQM8 10 25 2066 1.841 25,764 25,763 21,597 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST CSMC_19-AFC1 7 25 2049 2.573 7,015 7,010 6,518 DEEPHAVEN RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE TRUST DRMT_22-1 1 25 2067 2.205 22,487 22,476 19,516 ELLINGTON FINANCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST EFMT_22-1 1 25 2067 2.206 22,006 22,001 18,639 ELLINGTON FINANCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST EFMT_19-2 11 25 2059 2.739 5,266 5,261 4,867 FIRST HORIZON ALTERNATIVE MORTGAGE SECURITIES FHAMS_04-AA4 10 25 2034 4.010 141 143 139 GCAT TRUST GCAT_22-HX1 12 27 2066 2.885 18,116 18,112 16,200 GCAT_19-NQM3 11 25 2059 2.686 4,031 4,028 3,730 GMAC MORTGAGE CORPORATION LOAN TRUST GMACM_04-AR2 8 19 2034 3.971 186 186 160 
 F-37 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 GMAC MORTGAGE CORPORATION LOAN TRUST GMACM_04-AR2 8 19 2034 3.417 113 113 97 GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST GSMBS_18-RPL1 10 25 2057 3.750 5,547 5,500 5,236 GSR MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST GSR_05-AR1 1 25 2035 4.217 612 613 558 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST HVMLT_04-7 11 19 2034 3.426 185 184 167 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST HVMLT_04-1 4 19 2034 4.154 99 100 93 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST HVMLT_04-10 1 19 2035 3.606 124 125 114 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST HVMLT_04-4 6 19 2034 4.893 29 29 27 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST HVMLT_04-6 8 19 2034 3.776 73 73 65 IMPERIAL FUND MORTGAGE TRUST IMPRL_21-NQM4 1 25 2057 2.091 27,546 27,541 23,095 JP MORGAN MORTGAGE TRUST JPMMT_19-LTV2 12 25 2049 5.289 102 102 101 MELLO MORTGAGE CAPITAL ACCEPTANCE MELLO_21-INV3 10 25 2051 2.500 22,602 22,891 18,158 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS INC MLMI_05-A2 2 25 2035 3.046 392 392 358 METLIFE SECURITIZATION TRUST MST_17-1A 4 25 2055 3.000 6,013 6,040 5,613 METLIFE SECURITIZATION TRUST MST_18-1A 3 25 2057 3.750 5,761 5,763 5,409 MFA TRUST MFRA_20-NQM3 1 26 2065 1.014 2,582 2,581 2,289 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST MCMLT_17-3 1 25 2061 2.750 4,736 4,736 4,489 MILL CITY MORTGAGE TRUST MCMLT_17-2 7 25 2059 2.750 2,327 2,326 2,276 MILL CITY MORTGAGE TRUST MCMLT_18-3 8 25 2058 3.472 2,848 2,886 2,701 MILL CITY MORTGAGE TRUST MCMLT_19-1 10 25 2069 3.250 4,681 4,711 4,402 MILL CITY MORTGAGE TRUST MCMLT_19-GS1 7 25 2059 2.750 6,082 6,092 5,652 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS TRUST MLCC_04-1 12 25 2034 3.139 101 101 92 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS TRUST MLMI_03-A5 8 25 2033 3.494 205 204 189 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS INC MLMI_05-A1 12 25 2034 4.180 117 117 113 MORGAN STANLEY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST MSM_04-10AR 11 25 2034 4.402 203 205 186 MORGAN STANLEY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST MSM_04-10AR 11 25 2034 4.023 89 90 83 MSRR_15-R7 6 26 2035 3.548 564 563 551 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_19-NQM4 9 25 2059 2.492 1,555 1,554 1,410 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_17-3A 4 25 2057 4.000 8,799 9,022 8,304 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_16-1A 3 25 2056 3.750 4,063 4,171 3,734 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_16-2A 11 26 2035 3.750 2,872 2,930 2,659 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_16-3A 9 25 2056 3.750 7,705 7,927 7,063 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_17-1A 2 25 2057 4.000 6,902 7,048 6,487 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_17-2A 3 25 2057 4.000 8,288 8,516 7,765 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_16-4A 11 25 2056 3.750 8,574 8,805 7,700 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_17-6A 8 27 2057 4.000 6,617 6,767 6,135 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_19-RPL3 7 25 2059 2.750 9,078 9,272 8,435 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NRZT_14-3A 11 25 2054 3.750 1,458 1,482 1,333 NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST NSMLT_13-A 12 25 2052 3.750 610 619 558 OCEANVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST OVMLT_20-1 5 28 2050 1.733 2,844 2,842 2,523 ONSLOW BAY FINANCIAL LLC OBX_21-INV1 9 25 2051 2.500 20,963 21,202 16,824 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST RMLT_19-2 5 25 2059 2.913 2,137 2,134 2,081 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST RMLT_19-3 9 25 2059 2.633 2,684 2,680 2,595 RUN_22-NQM1 3 25 2067 4.000 9,493 9,423 9,062 SASC_03-24A 7 25 2033 4.481 254 256 237 STAR_20-3 4 25 2065 1.486 2,154 2,153 1,984 
 F-38 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 STARWOOD MORTGAGE RESIDENTIAL TRUST STAR_22-1 12 25 2066 2.447 26,004 25,996 22,277 STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST SAIL_03-BC5 6 25 2033 5.141 979 956 968 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST TPMT_17-3 7 25 2057 2.750 2,885 2,885 2,772 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST TPMT_15-3 3 25 2054 3.500 109 109 108 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST TPMT_17-4 6 25 2057 2.750 5,520 5,527 5,100 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST TPMT_19-HY1 10 25 2048 5.389 2,365 2,371 2,346 UWM MORTGAGE TRUST UWM_21-INV1 9 25 2051 2.500 22,526 22,871 18,125 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST VERUS_19-4 11 25 2059 2.642 1,892 1,890 1,801 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST VERUS_19-INV3 11 25 2059 2.692 4,195 4,191 3,983 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST VERUS_21-R1 10 25 2063 0.820 6,710 6,708 5,901 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST VERUS_21-7 10 25 2066 1.829 16,342 16,338 13,998 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST VERUS_22-1 1 25 2067 2.724 18,187 18,182 16,146 VISIO_19-2 11 25 2054 2.722 12,423 12,368 11,608 WAMU MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES WAMU_03-AR6 6 25 2033 3.390 276 275 254 WAMU MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES WAMU_04-AR10 7 25 2044 3.714 184 185 167 WAMU MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES WAMU_05-AR3 3 25 2035 2.868 408 408 368 WAMU MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES WAMU_05-AR4 4 25 2035 2.986 1,224 1,220 1,087 WELLS FARGO MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES TRUST WFMBS_04-K 7 25 2034 3.668 315 323 316 TOTAL NON-AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 685,867 611,216 TOTAL RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 2,210,633 2,099,864 

ASSET BACKED SECURITIES 
 AFFIRM ASSET SECURITIZATION TRUST AFFRM_22-A 5 17 2027 4.300 18,000 17,644 17,083 ALLY AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST ALLYA_22-3 6 16 2025 5.290 25,000 24,999 25,107 ALLY AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST ALLYA_22-3 4 15 2027 5.070 16,800 16,799 16,867 AMERICAN CREDIT ACCEPTANCE RECEIVABLES TRUST ACAR_22-4 5 13 2026 6.200 36,109 36,107 36,123 AMERICREDIT AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST AMCAR_22-2 12 18 2025 4.200 35,218 35,216 34,943 APIDOS CLO APID_15-20A 7 16 2031 5.179 20,000 20,000 19,683 APIDOS CLO APID_20-33A 10 24 2034 5.475 22,000 22,000 21,455 BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT CLO BCC_20-5A 1 20 2032 5.463 40,000 40,000 39,323 BALLYROCK LTD BALLY_18-1A 4 20 2031 5.243 40,000 40,000 39,343 BRAZOS HIGHER EDUCATION AUTHORITY INC BRHEA_10-1 2 25 2035 5.899 17,853 17,755 17,737 BROAD RIVER BSL FUNDING CLO BDRVR_20-1 7 20 2034 5.413 16,000 16,000 15,486 CIFC FUNDING LTD CIFC_17-1A 4 23 2029 5.288 12,186 12,067 12,065 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES CGMS_13-3A 10 15 2030 5.179 12,239 12,248 12,102 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES CGMS_13-4A 1 15 2031 5.079 19,710 19,709 19,464 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES CGMS_14-1A 4 17 2031 5.049 29,909 29,178 29,434 CARMAX AUTO OWNER TRUST CARMX_22-4 12 15 2025 4.707 37,500 37,500 37,616 COLLEGE LOAN CORPORATION TRUST COLLE_02-2 3 1 2042 3.586 10,000 8,965 9,909 DT AUTO OWNER TRUST DTAOT_22-3 10 15 2026 6.050 42,822 42,820 42,943 DRYDEN SENIOR LOAN FUND DRSLF_18-55A 4 15 2031 5.099 12,000 12,000 11,841 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA INC EDUSA_12-2 4 25 2039 5.119 1,288 1,287 1,285 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA INC EDUSA_14-1 2 25 2039 5.089 4,331 4,291 4,262 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA INC EDUSA_14-3 2 25 2036 4.989 372 367 363 EXETER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST EART_22-3 8 15 2024 3.450 23,056 23,056 23,009 EXETER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST EART_22-6 11 17 2025 5.730 34,410 34,410 34,438 EXETER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST EART_22-6 8 17 2026 5.700 10,000 9,999 10,029 
 F-39 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FLAGSHIP CREDIT AUTO TRUST FCAT_22-4 9 15 2026 6.150 48,000 47,996 48,272 FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST FORDO_22-D 8 15 2025 5.370 10,000 9,999 10,006 FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST FORDO_22-D 8 15 2025 4.567 21,000 21,000 21,010 FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST FORDR_19-1 7 15 2030 3.520 15,553 15,259 15,256 FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST FORDR_18-1 7 15 2031 3.190 50,613 48,623 48,400 FREED ABS TRUST FREED_22-4FP 12 18 2029 6.490 11,951 11,951 11,968 GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST GMCAR_22-4 11 17 2025 4.600 15,000 14,999 14,934 GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST GMCAR_22-4 11 17 2025 4.458 30,000 30,000 30,037 GLS AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST GCAR_22-3 5 15 2026 4.590 30,000 29,998 29,755 GOLDENTREE LOAN MANAGEMENT US CLO1 LTD GLM_20-7 4 20 2034 5.313 16,750 16,750 16,267 321 HENDERSON RECEIVABLES LLC HENDR_10-3A 12 15 2048 3.820 387 387 376 MADISON PARK FUNDING LTD MDPK_21-48A 4 19 2033 5.377 40,000 40,000 39,333 MAGNETITE CLO LTD MAGNE_12-7A 1 15 2028 4.879 12,090 11,940 11,935 MAGNETITE CLO LIMITED MAGNE_20-26 7 25 2034 5.478 25,000 25,000 24,369 MARLETTE FUNDING TRUST MFT_22-3 11 15 2032 5.180 29,224 29,222 28,983 MERCEDES-BENZ AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST MBART_22-1 10 15 2025 5.260 30,000 29,998 30,055 MISSISSIPPI HIGHER EDUCATION ASSISTANCE CORP MHEAC_14-1 10 25 2035 5.067 2,980 2,934 2,927 NAVIENT STUDENT LOAN TRUST NAVSL_18-DA 12 15 2059 5.118 6,513 6,496 6,299 NISSAN AUTO LEASE TRUST NALT_22-A 8 15 2024 3.450 28,317 28,317 28,092 NORTHSTAR EDUCATION FINANCE INC NEF_02-1 4 1 2042 6.138 5,000 4,817 4,891 OZLM LTD OZLM_17-21A 1 20 2031 5.393 16,000 16,011 15,708 OAKC_21-8A 1 18 2034 5.384 30,000 30,000 29,410 ONEMAIN DIRECT AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST ODART_21-1A 7 14 2028 0.870 13,000 12,045 12,021 PAGAYA AI DEBT SELECTION TRUST PAID_22-5 6 17 2030 8.096 25,000 25,000 25,014 PALMER SQUARE LOAN FUNDING LTD PSTAT_20-1A 2 20 2028 5.475 6,571 6,497 6,525 RACE POINT CLO LTD RACEP_13-8A 2 20 2030 5.715 13,109 13,108 12,915 RR LTD RRAM_21-19A 10 15 2035 5.219 15,000 15,000 14,687 REACH FINANCIAL LLC REACH_22-2 5 15 2030 6.630 20,071 20,070 20,029 SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST SLMA_06-2 1 25 2041 4.528 11,716 11,210 11,089 SLC STUDENT LOAN TRUST SLCLT_08-1 12 15 2032 4.893 2,058 2,075 2,035 SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST SLMA_12-3 12 27 2038 5.039 4,473 4,500 4,286 SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST SDART_22-1 11 17 2025 1.940 16,775 16,509 16,524 SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST SDART_22-4 7 15 2025 4.050 30,768 30,768 30,702 SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST SDART_22-7 1 15 2026 5.810 50,000 49,999 50,179 SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST SDART_22-6 5 15 2025 4.370 15,000 15,000 14,916 SMB PRIVATE EDUCATION LOAN TRUST SMB_17-B 10 15 2035 2.820 4,147 4,146 3,982 SOFI CONSUMER LOAN PROGRAM LLC SCLP_22-1S 4 15 2031 6.210 30,000 30,000 29,975 THEOREM FUNDING TRUST THRM_22-3 4 15 2029 7.600 23,542 23,485 23,537 THEOREM FUNDING TRUST THRM_22-2 12 15 2028 6.060 20,101 20,101 19,749 TOYOTA AUTO LOAN EXTENDED NOTE TRUST TALNT_19-1A 11 25 2031 2.560 21,725 20,876 20,957 UPSTART SECURITIZATION TRUST UPST_22-2 5 20 2032 4.370 13,438 13,398 13,137 VERIZON MASTER TRUST VZMT_22-7 11 22 2027 5.230 10,000 9,998 10,060 
 F-40 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 VERIZON MASTER TRUST VZMT_22-7 11 22 2027 4.676 35,750 35,750 35,591 WESTLAKE AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST WLAKE_22-3A 7 15 2025 5.240 50,000 49,998 49,689 WORLD OMNI AUTO RECEIVABLE TRUST WOART_22-D 3 16 2026 4.657 27,500 27,500 27,480 TOTAL ASSET BACKED SECURITIES 
 1,463,147 1,455,272 

COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 FANNIE MAE 06-M2 A2A 10 25 2032 5.271 800 821 785 FREDDIE MAC KF77 2 25 2027 5.089 25,206 25,169 25,141 FREDDIE MAC KF77 2 25 2027 4.828 17,978 17,990 17,972 FREDDIE MAC KF78 3 25 2030 4.928 15,475 15,499 15,475 FREDDIE MAC AL-20KF88 9 25 2030 4.472 8,657 8,657 8,498 FREDDIE MAC AL-20KF90 9 25 2030 4.472 11,744 11,744 11,558 FREDDIE MAC AL-20K98 12 25 2030 4.312 15,319 15,319 15,133 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF50 7 25 2028 4.787 1,969 1,971 1,949 FREDDIE MAC AFLW-20KL3W 8 25 2025 4.837 14,531 14,543 14,392 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF53 10 25 2025 4.195 7,368 7,368 7,289 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF54 11 25 2028 4.867 21,043 21,044 20,952 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF55 11 25 2025 4.899 23,734 23,753 23,637 FREDDIE MAC A-20K56 11 25 2028 4.947 10,314 10,407 10,180 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF58 1 25 2026 4.889 21,740 21,765 21,607 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF59 2 25 2029 4.929 14,130 14,130 14,054 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF60 2 25 2026 4.879 16,083 16,102 15,950 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF61 3 25 2029 4.919 10,906 10,922 10,746 FREDDIE MAC KF67 8 25 2029 4.909 17,021 16,826 16,769 FREDDIE MAC KF74 1 25 2027 4.328 9,686 9,696 9,617 FREDDIE MAC KF76 1 25 2030 4.538 4,450 4,386 4,419 FREDDIE MAC AS-20KF84 7 25 2030 4.045 8,243 8,243 8,035 FREDDIE MAC AFL-2020-KXO 3 25 2030 4.472 14,224 14,224 14,050 FREDDIE MAC AL-20KF86 8 25 2027 4.432 3,203 3,203 3,140 FREDDIE MAC CERTS KF105 2 25 2031 4.178 20,233 20,264 19,606 FREDDIE MAC K-F120 8 25 2031 4.128 65,528 63,167 63,073 FREDDIE MAC KF128 12 25 2031 4.158 7,500 7,500 7,283 FREDDIE MAC KF129 1 25 2029 3.950 12,124 12,124 11,887 FREDDIE MAC KF139 6 25 2032 4.468 50,000 48,989 49,386 FREDDIE MAC KF146 10 25 2032 4.808 80,000 80,000 80,000 FREDDIE MAC KF148 11 25 2032 4.768 117,000 117,000 117,000 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF57 12 25 2028 4.927 9,528 9,528 9,468 FREDDIE MAC A10-20KS10 10 25 2028 4.999 19,460 19,467 19,125 FREDDIE MAC KF145 9 25 2032 4.828 120,000 120,012 120,000 FREDDIE MAC KF147 11 25 2032 4.808 116,500 116,504 116,272 FREDDIE MAC KF73 11 25 2029 4.989 26,972 27,001 26,696 FREDDIE MAC FHLMC_KF85 8 25 2030 4.442 3,620 3,620 3,561 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF52 9 25 2028 4.562 3,617 3,617 3,555 FREMF MORTGAGE TRUST AS-20KF97 12 25 2030 3.975 6,885 6,885 6,723 GINNIE MAE AC-2013-13 4 16 2046 1.700 1,413 1,380 1,250 GINNIE MAE 17-127 4 16 2052 2.500 5,624 5,599 5,050 GINNIE MAE 17-135 5 16 2049 2.200 13,371 13,309 12,270 GINNIE MAE 7-140 2 16 2059 2.500 5,974 5,951 5,492 GINNIE MAE 17-146 8 16 2047 2.200 5,285 5,268 4,950 
 F-41 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 GINNIE MAE AD-2016-1829 11 16 2043 2.250 2,538 2,540 2,455 GINNIE MAE AG-2016-39 1 16 2043 2.300 3,242 3,245 3,090 GINNIE MAE AG-2017-171 10 16 2048 2.250 3,297 3,283 3,148 TOTAL AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 990,035 982,688 

NON-AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 280 PARK AVENUE MORTGAGE TRUST PRK_17-280P 9 15 2034 5.117 40,000 40,000 39,027 ASHFORD HOSPITALITY TRUST INC AHT1_18-KEYS 6 15 2035 5.318 40,000 40,000 38,752 BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH LARGE LOAN INC BAMLL_18-DSNY 9 15 2034 5.168 33,350 33,305 32,719 BARCLAYS COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES LLC BBCMS_19-BWAY 11 15 2034 5.274 10,000 9,984 9,302 BFLD TRUST BFLD_19-DPLO 10 15 2034 5.408 28,000 27,984 27,476 BHMS MORTGAGE TRUST BHMS_18-ATLS 7 15 2035 5.568 40,000 40,000 38,556 BRAEMAR HOTELS & RESORTS TRUST BHR_18-PRME 6 15 2035 5.138 19,768 19,767 18,978 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST BX_19-XL 10 15 2036 5.352 48,923 48,363 48,251 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST BX_19-ATL 10 15 2036 4.963 27,275 27,271 26,697 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST BX_22-PSB 8 15 2039 6.776 48,440 48,302 48,344 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST BX_21-XL2 10 15 2038 5.006 49,412 47,861 47,492 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST BX_21-VOLT 9 15 2036 5.018 29,000 29,004 27,935 BX TRUST BX_18-GW 5 15 2035 5.118 38,592 38,567 37,621 BX TRUST BX_19-RP 6 15 2034 5.363 380 380 370 BX TRUST BX_22-GPA 10 15 2039 5.959 13,800 13,755 13,714 BX TRUST BX_22-MVRK 3 15 2039 5.793 15,000 14,963 14,648 CAMB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST CAMB_19-LIFE 12 15 2037 5.388 15,000 15,000 14,775 CGDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST CGDB_19-MOB 11 15 2036 5.268 15,000 15,000 14,645 COLD STORAGE TRUST COLD_20-ICE5 11 15 2037 5.218 23,818 23,244 23,160 COLONY MORTGAGE CAPITAL LTD CLNY_19-IKPR 11 15 2038 5.447 20,000 19,950 19,051 COMM MORTGAGE TRUST COMM_19-521F 6 15 2034 5.218 16,510 16,511 15,786 DBGS MORTGAGE TRUST DBGS_18-5BP 6 15 2033 5.113 40,000 39,974 38,203 DBGS MORTGAGE TRUST DBGS_18-BIOD 5 15 2035 5.121 22,844 22,842 22,452 DBWF MORTGAGE TRUST DBWF_18-GLKS 12 19 2030 5.369 20,000 19,954 19,401 EXTENDED STAY AMERICA TRUST ESA_21-ESH 7 15 2038 5.398 36,871 35,972 35,807 GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION TRUST GSMS_22-ECI 8 15 2039 6.519 28,570 28,426 28,389 GS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION TRUST 2022-SHIP GSMS_22-SHIP 8 15 2036 4.525 39,000 38,403 38,507 ILPT COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES ILPT_22-LPF2 10 15 2039 6.570 21,500 21,453 21,505 INVITATION HOMES TRUST IHSFR_18-SFR4 1 17 2038 4.976 29,847 29,848 29,553 JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE SECURITIES TRUST JPMCC_18-ASH8 2 15 2035 5.118 11,398 11,397 11,055 LIFE FINANCIAL SERVICES TRUST LIFE_22-BMR2 5 15 2039 5.631 32,000 31,887 31,201 LIFE_21-BMR 3 15 2038 5.018 8,036 7,809 7,781 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL I TRUST MSC_18-BOP 8 15 2033 5.168 12,624 12,624 11,944 MTN COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST MTN_22-LPFL 3 15 2039 5.733 50,000 49,386 48,663 ONE NEW YORK PLAZA TRUST ONYP_20-1NYP 1 15 2036 5.268 18,200 18,200 17,229 STAR_22-SFR3 5 17 2024 5.971 19,939 19,907 19,803 UBS COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST UBSCM_18-NYCH 2 15 2032 5.168 10,585 10,577 10,195 WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST WFCM_17-SMP 12 15 2034 5.193 18,500 18,496 17,077 TOTAL NON-AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 986,366 966,064 TOTAL COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 1,976,401 1,948,752 
 
 F-42 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES BANKING WASHINGTON MUTUAL BANK HENDERSON 6 15 2011 1,500 3 c,d TOTAL BANKING 3 BASIC INDUSTRY LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES NV 4 15 2024 5.750 20,286 20,569 20,328 W R GRACE HOLDINGS LLC 10 1 2024 5.625 4,166 4,086 4,117 TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRY 24,655 24,445 CAPITAL GOODS BAE SYSTEMS PLC 10 7 2024 3.800 9,750 9,517 9,521 BERRY GLOBAL INC 2 15 2024 0.950 30,317 29,091 28,815 L3HARRIS TECHNOLOGIES INC 5 28 2024 3.950 2,831 2,782 2,781 L3HARRIS TECHNOLOGIES INC 6 15 2023 3.850 6,180 6,182 6,128 RAYTHEON TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 3 15 2024 3.200 5,425 5,300 5,306 TRANSDIGM INC 12 15 2025 8.000 4,025 4,094 4,077 TOTAL CAPITAL GOODS 56,966 56,628 COMMUNICATIONS AMERICAN TOWER CORPORATION 5 15 2024 3.375 9,978 9,901 9,712 WARNER BROS DISCOVERY INC 3 15 2024 3.428 25,000 25,022 24,264 CROWN CASTLE INC 9 1 2024 3.200 5,917 5,719 5,718 FOX CORP 1 25 2024 4.030 24,580 24,479 24,286 COMCAST CORPORATION 9 16 2024 3.750 29,084 28,418 28,395 DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG 3 20 2025 4.738 45,225 45,133 44,648 TOTAL COMMUNICATIONS 138,672 137,023 CONSUMER CYCLICAL IRB HOLDING CORP 6 15 2025 7.000 1,750 1,761 1,745 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION 12 16 2023 2.410 3,000 2,958 2,906 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION 12 16 2024 2.510 1,000 973 946 TOTAL CONSUMER CYCLICAL 5,692 5,597 CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL ABBVIE INC 11 21 2024 2.600 17,540 16,862 16,793 BACARDI LTD 5 15 2025 4.450 15,000 14,675 14,565 BECTON DICKINSON AND COMPANY 12 15 2024 3.734 8,000 7,853 7,800 BECTON DICKINSON AND COMPANY 6 6 2024 3.363 13,988 13,808 13,646 CONSTELLATION BRANDS INC 11 15 2024 4.750 7,098 7,036 7,052 CONSTELLATION BRANDS INC 5 9 2024 3.600 17,003 16,636 16,643 DT FAMILY 2009 LLC 8 15 2024 3.950 14,121 13,814 13,893 GENERAL ELECTRIC CO 11 15 2024 5.550 50,000 50,075 50,160 GILEAD SCIENCES INC 4 1 2024 3.700 10,990 10,963 10,810 HCA HEALTHCARE INC 3 15 2024 5.000 37,000 36,936 36,797 KEURIG DR PEPPER INC 12 15 2023 3.130 9,210 9,174 9,024 KROGER CO 2 1 2024 4.000 7,500 7,516 7,409 TOTAL CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 205,348 204,592 ELECTRIC BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC 8 15 2023 3.375 14,195 14,238 14,049 CMS ENERGY CORPORATION 3 1 2024 3.875 7,689 7,671 7,531 
 F-43 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 CMS ENERGY CORPORATION 8 31 2024 3.125 10,250 10,376 9,895 DTE ENERGY COMPANY 10 1 2024 2.529 1,900 1,815 1,814 DTE ENERGY COMPANY 11 1 2024 4.220 21,413 21,390 21,071 EMERA INCORPORATED 6 15 2024 0.833 21,889 20,771 20,481 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 10 1 2024 2.900 3,939 3,837 3,798 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 12 1 2023 3.800 3,000 3,000 2,966 NEXTERA ENERGY INC 3 21 2024 2.940 47,248 45,995 46,019 PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP INCORPORATED 11 8 2023 0.841 4,060 3,954 3,910 SOUTHERN COMPANY THE 9 15 2024 2.200 2,526 2,397 2,408 SOUTHERN COMPANY THE 2 26 2024 0.600 14,010 13,372 13,271 WEC ENERGY GROUP INC 3 15 2024 0.800 2,038 1,960 1,931 TOTAL ELECTRIC 150,776 149,144 ENERGY PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP 11 1 2024 3.600 1,884 1,818 1,824 WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC 6 24 2024 4.550 8,472 8,512 8,378 TOTAL ENERGY 10,330 10,202 INSURANCE CVS HEALTH CORP 6 15 2023 2.800 10,000 9,949 9,897 CVS HEALTH CORP 11 15 2024 3.500 3,949 3,820 3,840 ELEVANCE HEALTH INC 12 1 2024 3.350 15,000 14,491 14,560 TOTAL INSURANCE 28,260 28,297 OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS HARDWOOD FUNDING LLC 6 7 2024 3.180 6,000 5,932 5,799 TOTAL OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 5,932 5,799 TECHNOLOGY BROADCOM INC 1 15 2024 3.625 20,250 20,175 19,904 FIDELITY NATIONAL INFORMATION SERVICES INC 3 1 2024 0.600 10,000 9,625 9,469 FISERV INC 7 1 2024 2.750 10,000 9,906 9,645 MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED 9 1 2023 2.670 8,159 8,085 7,998 MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED 2 15 2024 0.972 42,710 40,919 40,605 MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED 9 1 2024 0.983 9,405 9,108 8,722 NXP SEMICONDUCTORS NV 3 1 2024 4.875 14,457 14,628 14,341 TOTAL TECHNOLOGY 112,446 110,684 TRANSPORTATION CRAWFORD GROUP INC 11 15 2024 3.850 40,922 40,424 39,600 CRAWFORD GROUP INC 11 1 2023 2.700 21,419 21,095 20,928 TOTAL TRANSPORTATION 61,519 60,528 TOTAL CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES 800,596 792,942 TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES 8,523,011 8,368,916 

SYNDICATED LOANS 
 BASIC INDUSTRY 
 ASPLUNDH TREE EXPERT LLC 9 7 2027 5.821 1,355 1,343 1,343 CHEMOURS COMPANY 4 3 2025 5.830 1,707 1,707 1,707 
 F-44 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 INEOS LTD 3 29 2024 6.071 1,293 1,293 1,293 ELEMENT SOLUTIONS INC 1 31 2026 6.086 1,463 1,456 1,456 AXALTA COATING SYSTEMS LTD 6 1 2024 5.424 FLINT GROUP GMBH 9 21 2023 9.320 58 58 58 FLINT GROUP GMBH 9 21 2023 9.320 353 352 352 TRINSEO PLC 9 6 2024 6.071 1,288 1,287 1,287 MESSER INDUSTRIES USA INC 3 2 2026 6.174 1,018 1,015 1,015 UNIVAR SOLUTIONS INC 6 3 2028 5.821 1,494 1,489 1,489 TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRY 10,000 10,000 BROKERAGE 
 LPL FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC 11 12 2026 5.870 1,611 1,604 1,604 RUSSELL INVESTMENTS US INSTITUTIONAL HOLDCO INC 5 30 2025 7.884 1,327 1,328 1,328 GREENHILL & CO INC 4 12 2024 7.321 489 489 489 CITADEL SECURITIES LP 2 2 2028 6.701 1,231 1,226 1,226 TOTAL BROKERAGE 
 4,647 4,647 CAPITAL GOODS 
 BERRY GLOBAL INC 7 1 2026 6.024 1,447 1,437 1,437 INGERSOLL RAND INC 3 1 2027 5.936 317 317 317 ANCHOR GLASS CONTAINER CORP 12 7 2023 6.532 949 949 949 QUIKRETE HOLDINGS INC 2 1 2027 6.696 1,337 1,317 1,317 PACKAGING HOLDINGS LTD 1 29 2027 5.821 1,235 1,213 1,213 TRANSDIGM INC 12 9 2025 5.924 822 821 821 ZEKELMAN INDUSTRIES INC 1 24 2027 6.729 722 723 723 PAI EUROPE VI FINANCE SARL 4 20 2024 6.424 226 226 226 ENERGY CAPITAL PARTNERS II LLC 5 9 2025 7.424 575 574 574 TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC 3 1 2027 5.936 1,219 1,217 1,217 EWT HOLDINGS III CORP 3 31 2028 6.375 741 737 737 BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY INC 5 19 2028 6.321 1,126 1,111 1,111 G HOLDINGS INC 9 22 2028 6.425 1,486 1,465 1,465 GFL ENVIRONMENTAL INC 5 30 2025 7.415 314 313 313 TOTAL CAPITAL GOODS 
 12,420 12,420 COMMUNICATIONS 
 CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS INC 4 30 2025 5.830 1,384 1,384 1,384 COGECO COMMUNICATIONS (USA) II LP 1 3 2025 6.071 1,338 1,337 1,337 SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC 8 24 2026 7.567 1,140 1,131 1,131 HUBBARD RADIO LLC 3 28 2025 8.330 211 210 210 LUMEN TECHNOLOGIES INC 3 1 2027 5.821 261 261 261 NEXT LUXEMBOURG SCSP 7 17 2025 6.568 936 934 934 NEXSTAR MEDIA GROUP INC 9 18 2026 6.571 488 482 482 NEXT LUXEMBOURG SCSP 7 15 2025 7.165 945 944 944 SBA COMMUNICATIONS CORP 4 11 2025 5.830 1,217 1,214 1,214 SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC 4 1 2028 7.080 788 785 785 
 F-45 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 TELESAT LLC 12 7 2026 7.170 814 812 812 CMG MEDIA CORP 12 17 2026 7.571 978 961 961 GRAY TELEVISION INC 2 7 2024 6.620 161 161 161 ENTRAVISION COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 11 30 2024 6.821 298 297 297 LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP 3 24 2025 6.321 791 791 791 NEXT LUXEMBOURG SCSP 1 15 2026 6.568 963 946 946 NASCAR HOLDINGS LLC 10 19 2026 6.571 966 956 956 EW SCRIPPS CO 5 1 2026 6.634 489 481 481 LUMEN TECHNOLOGIES INC 3 15 2027 6.321 1,216 1,215 1,215 VMED O2 UK LTD 1 31 2028 6.818 1,000 1,001 1,001 TOTAL COMMUNICATIONS 
 16,303 16,303 CONSUMER CYCLICAL 
 APOLLO INVESTMENT FUND VIII LP 9 23 2026 6.505 880 875 875 QUALITY SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL LTD 8 21 2025 6.821 897 891 891 FOUR SEASONS HOLDINGS INC 11 30 2023 5.754 GODADDY INC 2 15 2024 4.865 1,415 1,407 1,407 HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC 6 22 2026 5.766 1,749 1,732 1,732 YUM! BRANDS INC. 3 15 2028 6.089 1,033 1,033 1,033 SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA INC 7 8 2024 5.821 124 124 124 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORP 4 17 2026 5.830 760 760 760 WILLIAM MORRIS ENDEAVOR ENTERTAINMENT LLC 5 18 2025 6.830 741 739 739 BJS WHOLESALE CLUB HOLDINGS INC 2 3 2024 6.270 194 193 193 CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT INC 12 23 2024 6.821 824 821 821 CINEWORLD FINANCE US INC 2 28 2025 4.000 338 337 337 WYNDHAM HOTELS & RESORTS INC 5 30 2025 5.821 1,465 1,455 1,455 NATIONAL AMUSEMENTS INC 5 8 2025 6.580 793 793 793 PCI GAMING AUTHORITY 5 29 2026 6.571 364 363 363 BURLINGTON STORES INC 6 24 2028 6.080 1,417 1,402 1,402 APPLOVIN CORP 10 25 2028 6.674 997 987 987 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC 11 19 2026 5.900 1,301 1,299 1,299 TOTAL CONSUMER CYCLICAL 
 15,211 15,211 CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 
 ENERGIZER HOLDINGS INC 12 16 2027 6.625 401 399 399 GRIFOLS SA 11 15 2027 6.071 1,117 1,114 1,114 IQVIA HOLDINGS INC 6 11 2025 5.424 462 458 458 SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION 3 6 2025 6.580 1,248 1,239 1,239 THOR INDUSTRIES INC 2 1 2026 7.125 1,500 1,495 1,495 US FOODS HOLDING CORP 8 30 2026 6.071 218 217 217 ELANCO ANIMAL HEALTH INC 8 1 2027 5.870 660 657 657 ARAMARK 4 6 2028 6.571 1,012 1,007 1,007 ORGANON & CO 6 2 2028 7.750 383 381 381 PRESTIGE CONSUMER HEALTHCARE INC 7 3 2028 6.071 333 332 332 DOLE PLC 8 3 2028 6.016 995 985 985 
 F-46 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 ICON PLC 7 3 2028 5.938 99 99 99 ICON LUXEMBOURG SARL 7 3 2028 5.938 399 398 398 TOTAL CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 
 8,781 8,781 ELECTRIC 
 VOLT PARENT LP 12 16 2027 6.580 323 320 320 VOLT PARENT LP 1 15 2025 6.071 1,910 1,910 1,910 CONSTELLATION ENERGY CORP 12 15 2027 7.240 461 459 459 HELIX GEN FUNDING LLC 6 3 2024 7.821 770 769 769 INVENERGY CLEAN POWER LLC 8 28 2025 7.951 592 590 590 EASTERN POWER LLC 10 2 2025 7.424 842 837 837 VISTRA CORP 12 31 2025 5.870 1,214 1,213 1,213 WEST DEPTFORD ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC 8 3 2026 7.821 1,128 1,125 1,125 LMBE-MC HOLDCO II LLC 12 3 2025 7.680 504 503 503 EDGEWATER GENERATION LLC (DELAWARE) 12 13 2025 7.821 956 954 954 CPV SHORE HOLDINGS LLC 12 29 2025 7.830 650 646 646 ADVANCED POWER SERVICES NA INC 2 16 2026 7.174 599 596 596 EFS COGEN HOLDINGS I LLC 10 1 2027 7.840 720 718 718 TOTAL ELECTRIC 
 10,640 10,640 ENERGY 
 IFM GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FUND 11 1 2026 6.370 414 413 413 TRAVERSE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LLC 9 27 2024 8.405 592 591 591 TOTAL ENERGY 
 1,004 1,004 FINANCE COMPANY 
 HAINAN HNA NO 2 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT SERVICE CO LTD 1 15 2025 6.103 572 571 571 HAINAN HNA NO 2 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT SERVICE CO LTD 2 12 2027 5.853 390 389 389 FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC 4 28 2028 5.821 1,488 1,471 1,471 TOTAL FINANCE COMPANY 
 2,431 2,431 INSURANCE 
 LONESTAR INTERMEDIATE SUPER HOLDINGS LLC 12 23 2026 7.321 465 462 462 LONESTAR INTERMEDIATE SUPER HOLDINGS LLC 11 29 2024 7.071 407 406 406 TOTAL INSURANCE 
 868 868 OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
 SOFTBANK GROUP CORP 6 27 2025 6.571 800 800 800 TRANSUNION 11 16 2026 5.821 999 997 997 TRANSUNION 12 1 2028 6.321 994 966 966 TOTAL OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
 2,763 2,763 OTHER INDUSTRY 
 API GROUP DE INC 10 1 2026 6.571 1,659 1,633 1,633 TOTAL OTHER INDUSTRY 
 1,633 1,633 
 F-47 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 REITS 
 RYMAN HOSPITALITY PROPERTIES 5 11 2024 6.080 736 736 736 TOTAL REITS 
 736 736 TECHNOLOGY 
 NCR CORPORATION 8 28 2026 6.920 482 473 473 CARLYLE GROUP INC THE 4 16 2025 5.821 434 432 432 CARLYLE GROUP INC THE 4 16 2025 5.821 362 361 361 MICRO FOCUS INTERNATIONAL PLC 6 21 2024 6.821 652 650 650 TTM TECHNOLOGIES INC 9 25 2024 6.620 1,431 1,429 1,429 ONEX CORPORATION 6 27 2025 6.514 928 926 926 COMMSCOPE HOLDING CO INC 4 6 2026 7.321 1,213 1,207 1,207 ADEIA INC 6 8 2028 7.571 768 706 706 MKS INSTRUMENTS INC 8 17 2029 7.171 1,000 990 990 COHERENT CORP 7 2 2029 6.922 982 964 964 GEN DIGITAL INC 1 28 2029 6.186 1,500 1,457 1,457 ENTEGRIS INC 7 6 2029 5.890 1,500 1,491 1,491 CARLYLE GROUP INC THE 3 22 2029 6.436 580 569 569 CARLYLE GROUP INC THE 3 22 2029 6.436 385 377 377 TOTAL TECHNOLOGY 
 12,032 12,032 TRANSPORTATION 
 AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC 6 27 2025 5.794 931 930 930 XPO LOGISTICS INC 2 24 2025 5.935 1,000 991 991 G & W INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS LLG 12 30 2026 5.674 1,629 1,598 1,598 UNITED AIRLINES HOLDINGS INC 4 20 2028 8.108 365 363 363 TOTAL TRANSPORTATION 
 3,882 3,882 TOTAL SYNDICATED LOANS BEFORE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 103,351 103,351 ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 (1,021) (1,021) TOTAL SYNDICATED LOANS - NET 
 102,330 102,330 

DERIVATIVES 
 PURCHASED OPTIONS 
 BNP SECURITIES 2 7 2023 50 50 BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 85 85 BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 254 254 BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 113 113 BNP SECURITIES 4 25 2023 101 101 BNP SECURITIES 5 2 2023 101 101 BNP SECURITIES 5 16 2023 290 290 BNP SECURITIES 8 15 2023 62 62 BNP SECURITIES 8 22 2023 59 59 
 F-48 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 BNP SECURITIES 1 17 2023 9 9 BNP SECURITIES 1 23 2024 42 42 BNP SECURITIES 1 10 2023 1 BNP SECURITIES 1 31 2023 1 BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 1 4 4 BNP SECURITIES 3 14 2023 1 10 10 BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 1 1 1 BNP SECURITIES 4 4 2023 1 3 3 BNP SECURITIES 4 11 2023 1 10 10 BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 1 6 6 BNP SECURITIES 5 23 2023 1 110 110 BNP SECURITIES 5 30 2023 1 52 52 BNP SECURITIES 6 20 2023 1 187 187 BNP SECURITIES 6 27 2023 1 170 170 BNP SECURITIES 7 11 2023 1 178 178 BNP SECURITIES 7 8 2025 69 69 BNP SECURITIES 8 8 2023 1 99 99 BNP SECURITIES 9 5 2023 1 205 205 BNP SECURITIES 9 19 2023 1 234 234 BNP SECURITIES 10 10 2023 1 313 313 BNP SECURITIES 10 24 2023 1 252 252 BNP SECURITIES 10 21 2025 211 211 BNP SECURITIES 11 21 2023 1 180 180 BNP SECURITIES 11 19 2024 50 50 BNP SECURITIES 11 18 2025 64 64 BNP SECURITIES 11 28 2023 131 131 BNP SECURITIES 12 5 2023 1 273 273 BNP SECURITIES 12 19 2023 1 252 252 CS INTERNATIONAL 1 24 2023 1 CS INTERNATIONAL 2 14 2023 1 CS INTERNATIONAL 2 21 2023 1 4 4 CS INTERNATIONAL 3 7 2023 1 19 19 CS INTERNATIONAL 4 25 2023 1 31 31 CS INTERNATIONAL 6 6 2023 1 59 59 CS INTERNATIONAL 7 18 2023 1 143 143 CS INTERNATIONAL 7 25 2023 1 152 152 CS INTERNATIONAL 8 1 2023 1 86 86 CS INTERNATIONAL 8 22 2023 1 120 120 CS INTERNATIONAL 9 26 2023 1 282 282 CS INTERNATIONAL 9 23 2025 163 163 CS INTERNATIONAL 10 17 2023 1 220 220 CS INTERNATIONAL 10 31 2023 1 221 221 CS INTERNATIONAL 11 7 2023 1 234 234 CS INTERNATIONAL 11 4 2025 73 73 WELLS FARGO BANK 2 14 2023 49 49 
 F-49 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 WELLS FARGO BANK 3 7 2023 97 97 WELLS FARGO BANK 3 21 2023 281 281 WELLS FARGO BANK 5 9 2023 101 101 WELLS FARGO BANK 6 13 2023 80 80 WELLS FARGO BANK 2 21 2023 22 22 WELLS FARGO BANK 7 11 2023 6 6 WELLS FARGO BANK 1 3 2023 1 WELLS FARGO BANK 1 17 2023 1 WELLS FARGO BANK 2 7 2023 1 WELLS FARGO BANK 3 21 2023 1 3 3 WELLS FARGO BANK 5 2 2023 1 35 35 WELLS FARGO BANK 4 29 2025 96 96 WELLS FARGO BANK 5 9 2023 1 86 86 WELLS FARGO BANK 5 16 2023 1 67 67 WELLS FARGO BANK 6 13 2023 1 163 163 WELLS FARGO BANK 7 1 2025 68 68 WELLS FARGO BANK 7 5 2023 1 200 200 WELLS FARGO BANK 8 15 2023 1 71 71 WELLS FARGO BANK 8 12 2025 46 46 WELLS FARGO BANK 8 29 2023 1 148 148 WELLS FARGO BANK 8 27 2024 94 94 WELLS FARGO BANK 9 12 2023 1 229 229 WELLS FARGO BANK 10 3 2023 1 270 270 WELLS FARGO BANK 11 14 2023 1 151 151 WELLS FARGO BANK 12 12 2023 122 122 WELLS FARGO BANK 12 26 2023 1 210 210 WELLS FARGO BANK 12 24 2024 61 61 TOTAL PURCHASED OPTIONS 
 8,793 8,793 

WRITTEN OPTIONS 
 BNP SECURITIES 2 7 2023 (27) (27) BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 (67) (67) BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 (233) (233) BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 (103) (103) BNP SECURITIES 4 25 2023 (84) (84) BNP SECURITIES 5 2 2023 (84) (84) BNP SECURITIES 5 16 2023 (253) (253) BNP SECURITIES 8 15 2023 (57) (57) BNP SECURITIES 8 22 2023 (53) (53) BNP SECURITIES 1 17 2023 (7) (7) BNP SECURITIES 1 23 2024 (39) (39) BNP SECURITIES 1 10 2023 (1) BNP SECURITIES 1 31 2023 (1) BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 (1) (3) (3) 
 F-50 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 BNP SECURITIES 3 14 2023 (1) (9) (9) BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 (1) (1) (1) BNP SECURITIES 4 4 2023 (1) (3) (3) BNP SECURITIES 4 11 2023 (1) (8) (8) BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 (1) (5) (5) BNP SECURITIES 5 23 2023 (1) (100) (100) BNP SECURITIES 5 30 2023 (1) (39) (39) BNP SECURITIES 6 20 2023 (1) (161) (161) BNP SECURITIES 6 27 2023 (1) (140) (140) BNP SECURITIES 7 11 2023 (1) (149) (149) BNP SECURITIES 7 8 2025 (49) (49) BNP SECURITIES 8 8 2023 (1) (67) (67) BNP SECURITIES 9 5 2023 (1) (145) (145) BNP SECURITIES 9 19 2023 (1) (171) (171) BNP SECURITIES 10 10 2023 (1) (253) (253) BNP SECURITIES 10 24 2023 (1) (178) (178) BNP SECURITIES 10 21 2025 (116) (116) BNP SECURITIES 11 21 2023 (1) (109) (109) BNP SECURITIES 11 19 2024 (26) (26) BNP SECURITIES 11 18 2025 (30) (30) BNP SECURITIES 11 28 2023 (82) (82) BNP SECURITIES 12 5 2023 (1) (174) (174) BNP SECURITIES 12 19 2023 (1) (173) (173) CS INTERNATIONAL 1 24 2023 (1) CS INTERNATIONAL 2 14 2023 (1) CS INTERNATIONAL 2 14 2023 CS INTERNATIONAL 2 21 2023 (1) (3) (3) CS INTERNATIONAL 3 7 2023 (1) (18) (18) CS INTERNATIONAL 4 25 2023 (1) (26) (26) CS INTERNATIONAL 6 6 2023 (1) (45) (45) CS INTERNATIONAL 7 18 2023 (1) (115) (115) CS INTERNATIONAL 7 25 2023 (1) (124) (124) CS INTERNATIONAL 8 1 2023 (1) (66) (66) CS INTERNATIONAL 8 22 2023 (1) (82) (82) CS INTERNATIONAL 9 26 2023 (1) (225) (225) CS INTERNATIONAL 9 23 2025 (102) (102) CS INTERNATIONAL 10 17 2023 (1) (165) (165) CS INTERNATIONAL 10 31 2023 (1) (158) (158) CS INTERNATIONAL 11 7 2023 (1) (170) (170) CS INTERNATIONAL 11 4 2025 (41) (41) WELLS FARGO BANK 2 14 2023 (31) (31) WELLS FARGO BANK 3 7 2023 (80) (80) WELLS FARGO BANK 3 21 2023 (251) (251) WELLS FARGO BANK 5 9 2023 (84) (84) WELLS FARGO BANK 6 13 2023 (68) (68) 
 F-51 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 WELLS FARGO BANK 2 21 2023 (19) (19) WELLS FARGO BANK 7 11 2023 (5) (5) WELLS FARGO BANK 1 3 2023 (1) WELLS FARGO BANK 1 17 2023 (1) WELLS FARGO BANK 2 7 2023 (1) WELLS FARGO BANK 3 21 2023 (1) (2) (2) WELLS FARGO BANK 5 2 2023 (1) (29) (29) WELLS FARGO BANK 4 29 2025 (83) (83) WELLS FARGO BANK 5 9 2023 (1) (76) (76) WELLS FARGO BANK 5 16 2023 (1) (59) (59) WELLS FARGO BANK 6 13 2023 (1) (141) (141) WELLS FARGO BANK 7 1 2025 (48) (48) WELLS FARGO BANK 7 5 2023 (1) (165) (165) WELLS FARGO BANK 8 15 2023 (1) (44) (44) WELLS FARGO BANK 8 12 2025 (24) (24) WELLS FARGO BANK 8 29 2023 (1) (110) (110) WELLS FARGO BANK 8 27 2024 (63) (63) WELLS FARGO BANK 9 12 2023 (1) (161) (161) WELLS FARGO BANK 10 3 2023 (1) (206) (206) WELLS FARGO BANK 11 14 2023 (1) (92) (92) WELLS FARGO BANK 12 12 2023 (75) (75) WELLS FARGO BANK 12 26 2023 (1) (145) (145) WELLS FARGO BANK 12 24 2024 (36) (36) TOTAL WRITTEN OPTIONS 
 (6,635) (6,635) 

FUTURES 
 S&P500 EMINI FUT Mar23 9 16 2072 (8) (8) TOTAL FUTURES 
 (8) (8) TOTAL DERIVATIVES - NET 
 2,150 2,150 TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED MATURITIES, EQUITY SECURITIES, SYNDICATED LOANS AND DERIVATIVES 9,786,961 9,632,866 
 
 NOTES 
 a) Cash equivalents are carried at amortized cost which approximates fair value. Fixed maturities and common stocks are carried at fair value. In the absence of quoted market prices, fair values are obtained from third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques. Syndicated loans are carried at amortized cost, less allowance for loan losses. Derivatives are carried at fair value. Options are traded in over-the-counter markets using pricing models with market observable inputs. Futures are exchange-traded and valued using quoted prices in active markets. See notes to the financial statements regarding valuations. 
 b) For Federal income tax purposes, the cost of investments is 9.8 billion. 
 c) Securities written down due to other-than-temporary impairment related to credit losses. 
 d) Non-Income producing securities. 
 
 F-52 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

CASH EQUIVALENTS CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSITS AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND BANK 1 3 2022 0.001 50,000 50,000 50,000 CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK 1 3 2022 0.001 50,000 50,000 50,000 TOTAL CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSITS 100,000 100,000 COMMERCIAL PAPER AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 1 10 2022 21,000 20,998 20,998 BALTIMORE GAS AND ELECTRIC CO 1 7 2022 48,000 47,998 47,998 CATERPILLAR FINANCIAL SERVICES 1 3 2022 21,100 21,100 21,100 DANAHER CORP 1 14 2022 50,000 49,995 49,995 DTE GAS CO 1 10 2022 29,000 28,998 28,998 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 4 2022 50,000 49,999 49,999 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 3 2022 43,500 43,500 43,500 DUKE ENERGY CORP 1 11 2022 30,000 29,998 29,998 EVERGY KANSAS CENTRAL INC 1 3 2022 20,000 20,000 20,000 EVERGY MISSOURI WEST INC 1 3 2022 15,500 15,500 15,500 EVERGY MISSOURI WEST INC 1 5 2022 8,000 8,000 8,000 EVERGY MISSOURI WEST INC 1 12 2022 40,000 39,996 39,996 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 1 4 2022 20,000 19,999 19,999 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 1 6 2022 25,700 25,699 25,699 MCKESSON CORP 1 3 2022 50,000 49,999 49,999 ONCOR ELECTRIC DELIVERY COMPANY 1 3 2022 15,000 15,000 15,000 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF COLORADO 1 6 2022 30,000 29,999 29,999 SOUTHERN COMPANY GAS CAPITAL 1 7 2022 10,000 10,000 10,000 SOUTHERN COMPANY GAS CAPITAL 1 14 2022 15,000 14,998 14,998 WEC ENERGY GROUP INC 1 6 2022 16,500 16,499 16,499 XCEL ENERGY INC 1 4 2022 14,000 14,000 14,000 TOTAL COMMERCIAL PAPER 572,275 572,275 TOTAL CASH EQUIVALENTS 672,275 672,275 FIXED MATURITIES U.S. GOVERNMENT AND AGENCY OBLIGATIONS UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 27 2022 55,000 54,998 54,999 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 24 2022 100,000 99,992 99,995 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 24 2022 40,000 39,995 39,995 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 21 2022 50,000 49,991 49,990 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 16 2022 50,000 49,970 49,971 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 6 2022 75,000 74,999 75,000 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 13 2022 60,000 59,999 60,000 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 1 20 2022 60,000 59,998 59,999 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 3 2022 50,000 49,998 49,999 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 10 2022 60,000 59,996 59,998 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 2 17 2022 60,000 59,996 59,997 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 3 2022 60,000 59,994 59,995 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 10 2022 50,000 49,995 49,996 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 17 2022 60,000 59,994 59,994 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 3 31 2022 40,000 39,995 39,996 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 7 2022 40,000 39,994 39,993 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 14 2022 40,000 39,994 39,992 
 F-53 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 4 28 2022 50,000 49,990 49,988 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 5 26 2022 75,000 74,979 74,974 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 2 2022 75,000 74,971 74,967 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 9 2022 50,000 49,977 49,975 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 23 2022 50,000 49,961 49,961 UNITED STATES TREASURY BILL 6 30 2022 50,000 49,950 49,956 UNITED STATES TREASURY BOND 11 15 2028 5.250 200 207 250 TOTAL U. S. GOVERNMENT AND AGENCY OBLIGATIONS 1,299,933 1,299,980 STATE AND MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2023 1.041 250 250 251 DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2024 1.229 250 250 250 DALLAS FORT WORTH TEXAS INTL AIRPORT 11 1 2025 1.329 1,000 1,000 996 GREAT LAKES WATER AUTHORITY 7 1 2024 1.604 600 600 606 GREAT LAKES WATER AUTHORITY 7 1 2025 1.654 600 600 605 LONG ISLAND POWER AUTHORITY 3 1 2023 0.764 1,000 1,000 1,001 PORT AUTHORITY OF NEW YORK 7 1 2023 1.086 5,000 5,000 5,027 STATE OF CONNECTICUT 9 15 2022 3.471 2,000 2,000 2,040 STATE OF CONNECTICUT 7 1 2022 2.500 500 502 505 STATE OF CONNECTICUT 7 1 2023 2.000 750 752 763 TOTAL STATE AND MUNICIPAL OBLIGATIONS 11,954 12,044 

RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 FANNIE MAE 06-36 GF 5 25 2036 0.402 2,950 2,962 2,977 FANNIE MAE 07-46 FB 5 25 2037 0.472 793 795 798 FANNIE MAE 09-107 FL 2 25 2038 0.742 1,391 1,398 1,404 FANNIE MAE 13-2 KF 1 25 2037 0.282 4,415 4,406 4,415 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-22C 4 25 2045 0.449 7,947 7,921 7,926 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-42 6 25 2055 0.429 7,518 7,481 7,495 FANNIE MAE AF-2015-91 12 25 2045 0.469 7,830 7,798 7,840 FANNIE MAE FA-2015-4 2 25 2045 0.449 3,038 3,042 3,039 FANNIE MAE FW-2015-84 11 25 2045 0.449 8,343 8,333 8,322 FANNIE MAE 07-6 2 25 2037 0.552 4,831 4,839 4,883 FANNIE MAE 09-101 12 25 2039 0.942 6,358 6,448 6,523 FANNIE MAE 12-133 4 25 2042 0.352 3,587 3,576 3,579 FANNIE MAE 16-2 2 25 2056 0.579 2,607 2,605 2,625 FANNIE MAE 303970 9 1 2024 6.000 18 18 20 FANNIE MAE 545492 2 1 2022 5.500 FANNIE MAE 725558 6 1 2034 1.840 36 36 37 FANNIE MAE 725694 7 1 2034 1.508 107 105 107 FANNIE MAE 725719 7 1 2033 1.575 201 200 205 FANNIE MAE 735034 10 1 2034 1.785 1,995 2,090 2,078 FANNIE MAE 735702 7 1 2035 1.930 1,189 1,221 1,247 FANNIE MAE 794787 10 1 2034 1.710 48 48 49 FANNIE MAE 799733 11 1 2034 1.827 157 160 157 FANNIE MAE 801337 9 1 2034 1.732 1,101 1,155 1,144 FANNIE MAE 801917 10 1 2034 2.070 221 222 222 FANNIE MAE 804561 9 1 2034 2.094 191 191 195 FANNIE MAE 807219 1 1 2035 2.146 378 381 398 
 F-54 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FANNIE MAE 809532 2 1 2035 2.063 148 149 154 FANNIE MAE 834552 8 1 2035 2.097 143 144 149 FANNIE MAE 889485 6 1 2036 1.961 1,398 1,419 1,463 FANNIE MAE 922674 4 1 2036 2.214 582 595 614 FANNIE MAE 968438 1 1 2038 1.905 950 996 982 FANNIE MAE 995123 8 1 2037 2.175 235 243 246 FANNIE MAE 995548 9 1 2035 1.838 604 617 631 FANNIE MAE 995604 11 1 2035 1.988 1,799 1,888 1,887 FANNIE MAE 995614 8 1 2037 1.084 350 368 353 FANNIE MAE AB5230 5 1 2027 2.500 3,069 3,106 3,188 FANNIE MAE AD0901 4 1 2040 2.099 1,354 1,436 1,419 FANNIE MAE AE0559 12 1 2034 1.914 1,617 1,691 1,687 FANNIE MAE AE0566 8 1 2035 2.035 1,386 1,451 1,453 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-11 3 25 2046 0.599 4,029 4,023 4,029 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-87 11 25 2046 0.499 5,440 5,438 5,425 FANNIE MAE AF-2016-88 12 25 2046 0.539 4,457 4,457 4,459 FANNIE MAE AF-2018-87 12 25 2048 0.399 15,598 15,537 15,572 FANNIE MAE AF-204620 11 15 2042 0.539 4,542 4,535 4,538 FANNIE MAE AL1037 1 1 2037 2.318 1,499 1,587 1,592 FANNIE MAE AL2269 10 1 2040 2.116 1,224 1,299 1,285 FANNIE MAE AL3935 9 1 2037 2.002 3,485 3,668 3,648 FANNIE MAE AL3961 2 1 2039 1.861 1,418 1,493 1,483 FANNIE MAE AL4100 9 1 2036 1.912 2,813 2,955 2,946 FANNIE MAE AL4110 3 1 2037 1.831 2,380 2,493 2,487 FANNIE MAE AL4114 2 1 2039 2.108 2,296 2,429 2,421 FANNIE MAE AO8746 8 1 2027 2.500 5,396 5,503 5,599 FANNIE MAE ARM 190726 3 1 2033 4.825 39 39 39 FANNIE MAE ARM 249907 2 1 2024 2.625 24 24 24 FANNIE MAE ARM 303259 3 1 2025 2.340 7 7 7 FANNIE MAE ARM 545786 6 1 2032 2.290 155 156 156 FANNIE MAE ARM 620293 1 1 2032 2.400 25 25 25 FANNIE MAE ARM 651629 8 1 2032 1.935 62 62 62 FANNIE MAE ARM 655646 8 1 2032 1.965 78 79 79 FANNIE MAE ARM 655798 8 1 2032 1.854 171 171 171 FANNIE MAE ARM 661349 9 1 2032 2.270 73 73 76 FANNIE MAE ARM 661744 10 1 2032 2.102 143 143 148 FANNIE MAE ARM 664750 10 1 2032 1.863 61 61 61 FANNIE MAE ARM 670731 11 1 2032 1.540 53 53 53 FANNIE MAE ARM 670779 11 1 2032 1.540 239 240 240 FANNIE MAE ARM 670890 12 1 2032 1.665 83 83 84 FANNIE MAE ARM 670912 12 1 2032 1.665 68 68 68 FANNIE MAE ARM 670947 12 1 2032 1.665 140 141 141 FANNIE MAE ARM 722779 9 1 2033 1.538 69 69 69 FANNIE MAE ARM 733525 8 1 2033 1.751 236 229 243 FANNIE MAE ARM 739194 9 1 2033 1.861 280 280 289 
 F-55 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FANNIE MAE ARM 743256 10 1 2033 1.859 57 57 59 FANNIE MAE ARM 743856 11 1 2033 2.213 87 87 90 FANNIE MAE ARM 758873 12 1 2033 1.912 50 50 52 FANNIE MAE AS4507 2 1 2030 3.000 4,823 4,954 5,120 FANNIE MAE AS4878 4 1 2030 3.000 6,021 6,187 6,393 FANNIE MAE BE5622 1 1 2032 2.500 14,550 14,650 15,117 FANNIE MAE BK0933 7 1 2033 3.500 5,947 6,012 6,288 FANNIE MAE CA1265 2 1 2033 3.000 13,001 12,937 13,699 FANNIE MAE CA2283 8 1 2033 3.500 6,310 6,301 6,686 FANNIE MAE DF-2015-38 6 25 2055 0.409 12,253 12,176 12,292 FANNIE MAE DF-2017-16 3 25 2047 0.519 2,324 2,334 2,322 FANNIE MAE F-2019-31 7 25 2049 0.552 25,078 25,067 25,284 FANNIE MAE FA-2013-1 2 25 2043 0.452 5,290 5,307 5,316 FANNIE MAE FA-2015-55 8 25 2055 0.449 5,602 5,582 5,606 FANNIE MAE FA-204624 12 15 2038 0.549 13,454 13,432 13,450 FANNIE MAE FC-2017-51 7 25 2047 0.452 20,304 20,365 20,450 FANNIE MAE FC-2018-73 10 25 2048 0.402 27,044 26,971 27,167 FANNIE MAE FC-2019-76 12 25 2049 0.602 14,401 14,399 14,458 FANNIE MAE FK-2010-123 11 25 2040 0.552 5,969 6,022 6,023 FANNIE MAE FL-2017-4 2 25 2047 0.549 6,005 6,005 5,999 FANNIE MAE FM9247 11 1 2036 2.000 7,648 7,855 7,848 FANNIE MAE FT-2016-84 11 25 2046 0.602 8,296 8,374 8,380 FANNIE MAE GF-204639 3 15 2036 0.549 13,001 12,981 12,997 FANNIE MAE HYBRID ARM 566074 5 1 2031 2.400 163 163 164 FANNIE MAE HYBRID ARM 584507 6 1 2031 2.224 96 95 99 FANNIE MAE KF-2015-27 5 25 2045 0.402 7,282 7,261 7,333 FANNIE MAE MA1144 8 1 2027 2.500 2,582 2,636 2,672 FANNIE MAE MA3391 6 1 2033 3.000 7,012 6,948 7,367 FANNIE MAE WF-2016-68 10 25 2046 0.549 2,990 2,994 2,990 FANNIE MAE_15-50 7 25 2045 0.449 12,355 12,343 12,322 FANNIE MAE_15-93 8 25 2045 0.452 2,756 2,749 2,764 FANNIE MAE_16-11 3 25 2046 0.649 5,249 5,255 5,262 FANNIE MAE_CF-2019-33 7 25 2049 0.572 13,747 13,772 13,876 FANNIE MAE_FA-2020-47 7 25 2050 0.502 37,113 37,113 37,305 FANNIE MAE_YF-204979 6 25 2050 0.552 27,085 27,108 27,257 FREDDIE MAC 1H2520 6 1 2035 2.343 1,625 1,714 1,724 FREDDIE MAC 1N1474 5 1 2037 2.135 53 56 54 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1515 11 1 2038 2.005 6,267 6,604 6,590 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1540 6 1 2040 2.072 2,415 2,573 2,539 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1548 8 1 2038 2.028 2,603 2,734 2,737 FREDDIE MAC 1Q1572 5 1 2038 2.001 5,151 5,423 5,412 FREDDIE MAC 2A-AOT-76 10 25 2037 1.569 4,237 4,298 4,345 FREDDIE MAC 4159 FD 1 15 2043 0.460 4,443 4,458 4,473 FREDDIE MAC_4248 5 15 2041 0.560 6,598 6,608 6,677 FREDDIE MAC 4363 2014 FA 9 15 2041 0.101 1,853 1,857 1,847 FREDDIE MAC_4448 5 15 2040 0.419 5,049 5,024 5,025 
 F-56 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 FREDDIE MAC 4595 10 15 2037 0.649 3,924 3,924 3,926 FREDDIE MAC 781884 8 1 2034 2.250 196 198 205 FREDDIE MAC 848416 2 1 2041 2.245 2,622 2,735 2,724 FREDDIE MAC 848530 9 1 2039 2.029 1,374 1,447 1,443 FREDDIE MAC 848922 4 1 2037 2.067 1,958 2,077 2,056 FREDDIE MAC 849281 8 1 2037 2.358 2,988 3,169 3,167 FREDDIE MAC AF-204559 3 15 2042 0.599 5,331 5,315 5,329 FREDDIE MAC AF-204615 10 15 2038 0.449 2,780 2,773 2,817 FREDDIE MAC AF-204774 7 15 2042 0.399 5,373 5,369 5,439 FREDDIE MAC ARM 350190 5 1 2022 2.375 2 3 2 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780514 5 1 2033 2.375 94 96 98 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780845 9 1 2033 2.296 44 43 46 FREDDIE MAC ARM 780903 9 1 2033 2.338 90 89 94 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845154 7 1 2022 2.236 1 1 1 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845654 2 1 2024 2.454 25 26 26 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845730 11 1 2023 2.358 13 13 13 FREDDIE MAC ARM 845733 4 1 2024 2.374 17 17 17 FREDDIE MAC ARM 846702 10 1 2029 2.356 1 1 1 FREDDIE MAC C90581 8 1 2022 5.500 2 2 3 FREDDIE MAC C90582 9 1 2022 5.500 4 4 4 FREDDIE MAC F2-20350 9 15 2040 0.444 16,034 16,026 16,079 FREDDIE MAC F4-20328 2 15 2038 0.436 3,245 3,249 3,221 FREDDIE MAC FA-204547 9 15 2040 0.549 4,530 4,524 4,543 FREDDIE MAC FA-204822 5 15 2035 0.360 35,573 35,565 35,686 FREDDIE MAC FB-204495 11 15 2038 0.449 6,798 6,771 6,832 FREDDIE MAC FD-203928 9 15 2041 0.530 16,795 16,913 16,957 FREDDIE MAC FD-204301 7 15 2037 0.510 5,818 5,853 5,870 FREDDIE MAC FHLMC_5080 3 25 2051 0.270 22,077 22,077 21,932 FREDDIE MAC FL-204523 8 15 2038 0.449 5,022 4,997 5,018 FREDDIE MAC G16485 5 1 2033 3.000 8,634 8,577 9,075 FREDDIE MAC G30227 5 1 2023 5.500 43 43 47 FREDDIE MAC GF-204367 3 15 2037 0.449 8,950 8,937 8,915 FREDDIE MAC J32518 8 1 2030 3.000 6,373 6,552 6,703 FREDDIE MAC KF-204560 7 15 2040 0.649 6,658 6,651 6,724 FREDDIE MAC LF-204475 4 15 2040 0.409 1,696 1,696 1,690 FREDDIE MAC WF-204491 8 15 2039 0.419 3,277 3,276 3,263 FREDDIE MAC WF-204681 8 15 2033 0.449 17,011 17,014 17,229 FREDDIE MAC WF-204697 6 15 2038 0.449 11,643 11,648 11,788 FREDDIE MAC WF-204730 8 15 2038 0.449 23,164 23,060 23,220 FREDDIE MAC_JF-204981 6 25 2050 0.502 23,208 23,208 23,381 GINNIE MAE AF-2014-129 10 20 2041 0.399 3,057 3,054 3,082 GINNIE MAE AF-2014-94 11 20 2041 0.549 2,083 2,086 2,069 GINNIE MAE AF-2015-18 2 20 2040 0.429 5,754 5,762 5,751 GINNIE MAE AF-2018-168 12 20 2048 0.504 18,816 18,818 18,906 GINNIE MAE AF-2020-36 3 20 2050 0.554 34,126 34,165 34,189 GINNIE MAE FA-2014-43 3 20 2044 0.504 8,170 8,178 8,232 GINNIE MAE FA-2016-115 8 20 2046 0.504 18,259 18,359 18,395 GINNIE MAE FB-2013-151 2 20 2040 0.454 9,716 9,759 9,769 GINNIE MAE FC-2009-8 2 16 2039 1.008 7,243 7,422 7,376 
 F-57 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 GINNIE MAE FC-2018-67 5 20 2048 0.404 5,898 5,902 5,922 GINNIE MAE FD-2018-66 5 20 2048 0.354 4,393 4,393 4,392 GINNIE MAE II 082431 12 20 2039 2.125 2,101 2,181 2,192 GINNIE MAE II 082464 1 20 2040 2.000 799 855 838 GINNIE MAE II 082497 3 20 2040 2.000 1,439 1,523 1,504 GINNIE MAE II 082573 7 20 2040 1.625 1,891 1,956 1,967 GINNIE MAE II 082581 7 20 2040 1.625 2,562 2,737 2,666 GINNIE MAE II 082602 8 20 2040 1.625 4,660 4,984 4,846 GINNIE MAE II 082710 1 20 2041 2.000 1,476 1,533 1,546 GINNIE MAE II 082794 4 20 2041 1.875 2,393 2,546 2,500 GINNIE MAE II ARM 8157 3 20 2023 2.000 7 7 7 GINNIE MAE II ARM 8638 6 20 2025 1.875 21 21 22 GINNIE MAE LF-2015-82 4 20 2041 0.399 3,237 3,237 3,231 GINNIE MAE MF-2016-108 8 20 2046 0.399 669 666 670 TOTAL AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 910,928 917,016 

NON-AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 ADJUSTABLE RATE MORTGAGE TRUST 04-2 6A1 2 25 2035 2.364 130 131 135 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2021-8 11 25 2066 1.820 15,000 15,000 14,998 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2018-3 9 25 2048 3.649 2,155 2,151 2,154 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-1 11 25 2048 3.920 5,044 5,035 5,042 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2020-3 4 25 2065 1.691 7,998 7,993 8,016 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2020-5 5 25 2065 1.373 9,790 9,786 9,793 ANGEL OAK MORTGAGE TRUST A1A-2020-2 1 26 2065 2.531 2,914 2,942 2,944 APS RESECURITIZATION TRUST 1A-2016-3 11 27 2066 2.352 9,127 9,103 10,346 APS RESECURITIZATION TRUST 2A-2016-3 11 27 2046 2.352 6,332 6,313 7,748 ARROYO MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-1 1 25 2049 3.805 9,340 9,331 9,377 ARROYO MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-3 10 25 2048 2.962 6,079 6,075 6,126 BANK OF AMERICA FUNDING CORPORATION 7A1-2015-R4 11 27 2045 1.842 870 869 864 BANK OF AMERICA FUNDING CORPORATION A1-2016-R1 3 25 2040 2.500 733 732 732 BANK OF AMERICA MORTGAGE SECURITY 2004-E 2A6 6 25 2034 2.790 854 851 873 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A1-2017-RT1 3 28 2057 3.000 4,109 4,119 4,129 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2016-SPL1 4 28 2055 4.000 7,349 7,414 7,378 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2016-SPL2 6 28 2053 4.000 8,624 8,710 8,778 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-RT5 5 28 2069 3.500 10,643 10,744 10,774 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-RT6 10 28 2057 3.500 11,751 11,873 11,941 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-SPL1 10 28 2064 4.000 9,816 9,968 9,930 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-SPL2 6 28 2054 4.000 9,811 9,969 10,148 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-SPL3 11 28 2053 4.000 7,524 7,645 7,592 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-SPL4 1 28 2055 3.500 8,612 8,705 8,739 BAYVIEW OPPORTUNITY MASTER FUND A-2017-SPL5 6 28 2057 3.500 9,723 9,847 9,837 BRAVO RESIDENTIAL FUNDING TRUST A1-2019-NQM2 11 25 2059 2.748 7,655 7,650 7,722 BRAVO RESIDENTIAL FUNDING TRUST A1-2020-RPL1 5 26 2059 2.500 16,973 17,256 17,239 BUNKER HILL LOAN DEPOSITARY A1-2019-2 7 25 2049 2.879 9,586 9,579 9,611 BUNKER HILL LOAN DEPOSITARY A1-2019-3 11 25 2059 2.724 5,142 5,138 5,192 CENTEX HOME EQUITY 2003-A AF4 12 25 2031 4.250 640 637 646 CHASE MORTGAGE FINANCE 07-A1 1A5 2 25 2037 2.326 1,252 1,241 1,265 
 F-58 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 1A1-2015-11 3 25 2035 2.550 2,093 2,094 2,075 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 3A1-2015-5 8 25 2034 2.570 1,132 1,135 1,117 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 4A1-2015-5 4 20 2035 2.528 519 519 518 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2015-PS1 9 25 2042 3.750 2,363 2,384 2,409 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2019-IMC1 7 25 2049 2.720 7,208 7,199 7,204 CITIGROUP MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A4-2015-A 6 25 2058 4.250 21 21 22 COLT FUNDING LLC A1-2021-6 12 25 2066 1.907 26,000 26,000 26,049 COLT FUNDING LLC COLT_ A1-2020-2R 10 26 2065 1.325 9,147 9,144 9,155 COMMERCIAL TRUST CORPORATION A-2017-7 4 25 2057 3.000 3,347 3,349 3,378 COUNTRYWIDE HOME LOANS 03-46 4A1 1 19 2034 2.235 775 793 770 COUNTYWIDE ALTERNATIVE LOAN 04-33 2A1 12 25 2034 2.974 29 29 29 CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON MORTGAGE SECURITIES 04-AR3 4 25 2034 2.557 380 385 383 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE CAPITAL 3A1-2015-7R 10 27 2036 0.242 1,674 1,666 1,668 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE CAPITAL CLASS-20-125 7 25 2049 2.573 11,376 11,367 11,471 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE CAPTIAL 1A1-2015-6R 7 27 2035 2.658 1,507 1,509 1,501 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE CAPTIAL A1-2017-FHA1 4 25 2047 3.250 11,010 11,106 11,347 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2017-RPL1 7 25 2057 2.750 10,597 10,583 10,789 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2017-RPL3 8 1 2057 4.000 21,964 22,648 23,122 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-NQM1 10 25 2059 2.656 2,471 2,469 2,489 CREDIT SUISSE MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2020-SPT1 4 25 2065 1.616 7,881 7,881 7,892 CSMC TRUST A1-2021-NQM8 10 25 2066 1.841 30,000 30,000 29,975 ELLINGTON FINANCIAL MORTGAGE A1-2019-2 11 25 2059 2.739 8,664 8,657 8,728 FIRST HORIZON ALTERNATIVE MORTGAGE 04-AA4 A1 10 25 2034 2.311 215 217 223 GMAC MORTGAGE CORPORATION LOAN 2004-AR2 3A 8 19 2034 3.134 224 225 216 GMAC MORTGAGE CORPORATION LOAN 2004-AR2 5A1 8 19 2034 2.806 134 134 129 GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION 05-AR1 2A1 1 25 2035 2.578 716 718 716 GOLDMAN SACHS MORTGAGE SECURITIES CORPORATION A1A-2018-RPL 10 25 2057 3.750 7,439 7,365 7,618 GOVERNMENTAL COLLECTORS ASSOCIATION OF TEXAS A1-2019-NQM3 11 25 2059 2.686 6,703 6,698 6,761 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 04-10 4A 1 19 2035 2.393 147 148 148 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 04-7 3A1 11 19 2034 2.209 291 288 296 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 2004-1 4A 4 19 2034 2.334 134 135 139 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 2004-4 3A 6 19 2034 1.225 31 31 31 HARBORVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 2004-6 5A 8 19 2034 2.351 108 107 107 HOMEWARD OPPORTUNITIES A1-2018-2 11 25 2058 3.985 7,844 7,833 7,887 IMPERIAL FUND MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2021-NQM4 1 25 2057 2.091 29,907 29,907 29,926 J.P. MORGAN MORTGAGE TRUST A11-2019-LTV 12 25 2049 1.002 673 673 673 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS 03-A5 2A6A 8 25 2033 1.989 243 243 244 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS 04-1 2A2 12 25 2034 2.052 135 135 134 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS 05-A1 2A 12 25 2034 2.450 151 151 157 MERRILL LYNCH MORTGAGE INVESTORS 05-A2 A2 2 25 2035 2.838 495 495 495 METLIFE SECURITIZATION TRUST A-2017-1A 4 25 2055 3.000 7,540 7,581 7,680 METLIFE SECURITIZATION TRUST A-2018-1A 3 25 2057 3.750 7,156 7,157 7,377 
 F-59 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 MFA TRUST MFRA A1-2020-NQM3 1 26 2065 1.014 4,723 4,722 4,718 MFA TRUST MFRA 20-NQM3 10 25 2051 2.500 24,551 24,874 24,518 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2016-1 4 25 2057 2.500 379 378 378 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2017-1 11 25 2058 2.750 3,195 3,188 3,211 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2017-2 7 25 2059 2.750 6,375 6,382 6,433 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2017-3 1 25 2061 2.750 8,544 8,552 8,623 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2018-3 8 25 2058 3.500 4,026 4,099 4,132 MILL CITY MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2019-1 10 25 2069 3.250 6,208 6,262 6,328 MILL CITY MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-GS1 7 25 2059 2.750 8,690 8,712 8,828 MORGAN STANLEY MORTGAGE LOAN 04-10AR A1 11 25 2034 3.436 231 232 238 MORGAN STANLEY MORTGAGE LOAN PT2A 11 25 2034 2.507 160 162 160 MORGAN STANLEY REREMIC TRUST 2A-2015-R7 6 26 2035 2.652 1,161 1,161 1,160 MORGAN STANLEY REREMIC TRUST 5A-2013-R9 6 26 2046 0.304 572 570 572 MORGAN STANLEY REREMIC TRUST A-2014-R7 1 26 2051 3.000 643 640 656 NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A-2013-A 12 25 2052 3.750 749 761 759 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN A1-2019-RPL3 7 25 2059 2.750 11,792 12,092 12,008 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRSUT A1-2017-6A 8 27 2057 4.000 8,431 8,637 8,921 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2016-1A 3 25 2056 3.750 5,452 5,564 5,754 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2016-2 9 25 2056 3.750 9,989 10,328 10,549 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2016-2A 11 26 2035 3.750 3,773 3,855 3,939 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2016-4A 11 25 2056 3.750 10,910 11,204 11,607 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2017-1A 2 25 2057 4.000 8,930 9,135 9,411 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2017-3A 4 25 2057 4.000 11,368 11,681 11,915 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2019-NQM4 9 25 2059 2.492 2,398 2,396 2,413 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A3-2014-3 11 25 2054 3.750 1,811 1,843 1,879 NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A3-2017-2A 3 25 2057 4.000 10,823 11,140 11,389 NOMURA RESECURITIZATION TRUST 4A1-2015-4R 3 26 2037 3.135 92 92 92 OCEANVIEW MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST CLASS-20-676 5 28 2050 1.733 4,164 4,161 4,171 ONSLOW BAY FINANCIAL LLC 2A1A-2019-EX 10 25 2059 1.002 801 801 801 ONSLOW BAY FINANCIAL LLC OBX_2 9 25 2051 2.500 23,234 23,515 23,190 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2019-2 5 25 2059 2.913 6,758 6,751 6,753 RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST A1-2019-3 9 25 2059 2.633 7,454 7,447 7,455 STAR A1-2020-3 4 25 2065 1.486 4,098 4,096 4,101 STARWOOD MORTGAGE RESIDENTIAL A1-202019-IN 9 27 2049 2.610 3,878 3,873 3,908 STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST M1-2003-BC5 6 25 2033 1.214 1,476 1,438 1,484 STRUCTURED ASSET SECURITIES CORPORATION 03-24A 5A 7 25 2033 2.155 274 276 281 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2015-6 4 25 2055 3.500 119 119 119 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2016-2 8 25 2055 3.000 1,282 1,281 1,286 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2016-3 4 25 2056 2.250 918 916 918 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2017-3 7 25 2057 2.750 5,398 5,403 5,457 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2017-4 6 25 2057 2.750 8,034 8,053 8,154 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A1-2019-HY1 10 25 2048 1.102 3,538 3,549 3,552 TOWD POINT MORTGAGE TRUST A4B-2015-3 3 25 2054 3.500 634 636 640 UWM MORTGAGE TRUST UWM_21-INV1 9 25 2051 2.500 24,712 25,148 24,679 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST A1-2021-7 10 25 2066 1.829 19,701 19,700 19,692 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST A1-2019-3 7 25 2059 2.784 6,480 6,474 6,502 
 F-60 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST A1-2019-4 11 25 2059 2.642 3,944 3,940 3,975 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST A1-2019-INV3 11 25 2059 2.692 7,549 7,545 7,618 VERUS SECURITIZATION TRUST A1-2021-R1 10 25 2063 0.820 12,677 12,675 12,639 VISIO A1-2019-2 11 25 2054 2.722 22,121 22,014 22,463 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 03-AR6 A1 6 25 2033 2.561 366 365 363 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 04-AR10 A1A 7 25 2044 0.983 258 259 257 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 05-AR3 A2 3 25 2035 2.722 494 496 500 WASHINGTON MUTUAL 05-AR4 A5 4 25 2035 2.831 1,460 1,456 1,473 WELLS FARGO MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITY 04-K 2A6 7 25 2034 2.597 397 408 393 TOTAL NON-AGENCY RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 769,443 776,532 TOTAL RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 1,680,371 1,693,548 

ASSET BACKED SECURITIES 
 APIDOS CLO APID_15-20A 7 16 2031 1.222 20,000 20,000 20,000 APIDOS CLO APID_20-33 10 24 2034 1.274 22,000 22,000 22,003 ARI FLEET LEASE TRUST_19 A2B-2019-A 11 15 2027 0.590 2,303 2,303 2,304 AVIS BUDGET RENTAL CAR FUNDING A-2017-1A 9 20 2023 3.070 8,020 8,025 8,122 BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT CLO BCC A1-2020-5A 1 20 2032 1.352 40,000 40,000 40,001 BALLYROCK A1-2018-1A 4 20 2031 1.132 40,000 40,000 39,898 BRAZOS HIGHER EDUCATION AUTHORITY A2-2010-1 2 25 2035 1.378 20,000 19,880 20,230 BROAD RIVER BSL FUNDING AR-2020-1A 7 20 2034 1.302 16,000 16,000 15,973 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES A1RR-2013-4A 1 15 2031 1.122 19,710 19,710 19,674 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES 20-143 10 15 2030 1.224 12,239 12,249 12,234 CARLYLE GLOBAL MARKET STRATEGIES A1R2-2014-1A 4 17 2031 1.092 29,909 29,097 29,859 CIFC FUNDING LTD_17-1A AR-2017-1A 4 23 2029 1.140 12,779 12,627 12,779 COLLEGE LOAN CORPORATION TRUST 02-2 A24 3 1 2042 1.503 10,000 8,974 9,903 DRYDEN SENIOR LOAN FUND A1-2018-55A 4 15 2031 1.144 12,000 12,000 12,002 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA A-2012-2 4 25 2039 0.832 2,132 2,131 2,131 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA A-2014-1 2 25 2039 0.802 6,278 6,217 6,259 EDUCATIONAL SERVICES OF AMERICA A-2014-3 2 25 2036 0.702 488 481 483 GOLDENTREE LOAN MANAGEMENT US 4 20 2034 1.202 16,750 16,750 16,686 NAVIENT STUDENT LOAN TRUST A2B-2018-DA 12 15 2059 0.910 8,426 8,403 8,419 HENDERSON RECEIVABLES LLC 10-3A A 12 15 2048 3.820 513 513 530 MADISON PARK FUNDING LTD A-2021-48A 4 19 2033 1.274 40,000 40,000 40,000 MAGNETITE CLO LIMITED MAGNE_20 7 25 2034 1.244 25,000 25,000 24,972 MAGNETITE CLO LTD A1R2-2012-7A 1 15 2028 0.924 12,992 12,798 13,003 MISSISSIPPI HIGHER EDUCATION ASSISTANCE CORP. A1-2014-1 10 25 2035 0.783 3,859 3,803 3,868 MVW OWNER TRUST 16-1A 12 20 2033 2.250 2,819 2,810 2,838 NORTHSTAR EDUCATION FINANCE A3-2002-1 4 1 2042 3.513 5,000 4,778 4,891 OAKC 21-8A 1 18 2034 1.312 30,000 30,000 30,016 OZLM A1-2017-21A 1 20 2031 1.282 16,000 16,013 15,962 PALMER SQUARE LOAN FUNDING LTD A1-2020-1A 2 20 2028 0.960 11,603 11,430 11,613 RACE POINT CLO LTD_13-8A AR2-2013-8A 2 20 2030 1.200 13,823 13,823 13,823 RR LTD RRAM_21-19A 10 15 2035 1.264 15,000 15,000 15,007 SALLIE MAE 12-3 A 12 27 2038 0.742 5,200 5,229 5,217 SALLIE MAE A6-2006-2 1 25 2041 0.294 14,254 13,653 13,815 SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 2002-20J 10 1 2022 4.750 28 28 28 SMB PRIVATE EDUCATION LOAN TRUST A2A-2017-B 10 15 2035 2.820 5,681 5,681 5,773 
 F-61 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 STUDENT LOAN TRUST A4A-2008-1 12 15 2032 1.811 2,820 2,845 2,856 VOI MORTGAGE LLC A-2016-A 7 20 2033 2.540 2,079 2,077 2,088 TOTAL ASSET BACKED SECURITIES 
 502,328 505,260 

COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 FANNIE MAE 06-M2 A2A 10 25 2032 5.271 1,496 1,539 1,610 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED A-20K56 11 25 2028 0.662 21,386 21,583 21,496 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED AFL-2020-KXO 3 25 2030 0.432 18,379 18,379 18,430 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED AL-20K98 12 25 2030 0.272 25,000 25,000 25,000 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED P AL-20KF88 9 25 2030 0.432 15,322 15,322 15,335 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED P AL-20KF90 9 25 2030 0.432 16,129 16,129 16,309 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED AS-20KF84 7 25 2030 0.370 14,387 14,387 14,412 FHLMC MULTIFAMILY STRUCTURED P AL-20KF86 8 25 2027 0.392 9,133 9,133 9,146 FREDDIE MAC A10-20KS10 10 25 2028 0.712 19,460 19,469 19,521 FREDDIE MAC A-20KBF2 10 25 2025 0.541 9,748 9,749 9,796 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF50 7 25 2028 0.501 4,275 4,278 4,295 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF52 9 25 2028 0.514 8,607 8,607 8,682 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF53 10 25 2025 0.484 11,333 11,333 11,362 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF54 11 25 2028 0.581 36,477 36,478 36,432 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF55 11 25 2025 0.612 34,608 34,640 34,693 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF57 12 25 2028 0.641 16,444 16,444 16,538 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF58 1 25 2026 0.602 32,807 32,850 32,945 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF59 2 25 2029 0.642 22,315 22,315 22,457 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF60 2 25 2026 0.592 23,559 23,590 23,645 FREDDIE MAC A-20KF61 3 25 2029 0.632 14,834 14,857 14,923 FREDDIE MAC AFL-20KSL1 11 25 2023 0.569 21,950 21,950 22,041 FREDDIE MAC AFLW-20KL3W 8 25 2025 0.551 14,865 14,882 14,934 FREDDIE MAC FHLMC_KF85 8 25 2030 0.402 14,065 14,065 14,093 FREMF MORTGAGE TRUST AS-20KF97 12 25 2030 0.300 10,572 10,572 10,559 GINNIE MAE 17-127 4 16 2052 2.500 5,845 5,818 5,920 GINNIE MAE 17-135 5 16 2049 2.200 15,028 14,949 15,180 GINNIE MAE 17-146 8 16 2047 2.200 6,199 6,176 6,258 GINNIE MAE 7-140 2 16 2059 2.500 6,692 6,663 6,803 GINNIE MAE A-2013-57 6 16 2037 1.350 582 580 583 GINNIE MAE AC-2013-13 4 16 2046 1.700 1,566 1,514 1,565 GINNIE MAE AC-2014-112 12 16 2040 1.900 37 37 37 GINNIE MAE AC-2015-98 4 16 2041 2.150 3,318 3,328 3,342 GINNIE MAE AD-2016-1829 11 16 2043 2.250 5,080 5,091 5,134 GINNIE MAE AG-2016-39 1 16 2043 2.300 4,593 4,602 4,640 GINNIE MAE AG-2017-171 10 16 2048 2.250 5,887 5,851 5,946 TOTAL AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 472,160 474,062 

NON-AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 280 PARK AVENUE MORTGAGE TRUST 2017-A 9 15 2034 0.982 40,000 40,000 39,950 ASHFORD HOSPITALITY TRUST_A-2018-KEYS 6 15 2035 1.110 40,000 40,000 39,930 BANC OF AMERICA MERRILL LYNCH A-2018-DSNY 9 15 2034 0.960 33,350 33,291 33,304 BARCLAYS COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE A-2019-BWAY 11 15 2034 1.066 10,000 9,980 9,951 BFLD TRUST A-2019-DPLO 10 15 2034 1.200 28,000 27,981 27,966 
 F-62 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 BHMS MORTGAGE TRUST BHMS 18-ATLS 7 15 2035 1.360 40,000 40,000 39,975 BRAEMAR HOTELS & RESORTS TRUST A-2018-PRME 6 15 2035 0.930 19,768 19,766 19,727 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST A-2019-ATL 10 15 2036 1.177 27,275 27,270 27,208 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST A-2019-XL 10 15 2036 1.030 4,171 4,173 4,170 BX COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST B 9 15 2036 0.810 29,000 29,011 28,901 BX TRUST A-2018-GW 5 15 2035 0.909 38,592 38,561 38,519 BX TRUST_19-RP A-2019-RP 6 15 2034 1.155 13,832 13,824 13,787 CAMB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST A-2019-LIFE 12 15 2037 1.180 15,000 15,000 15,001 CGDB COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST A-2019-MOB 11 15 2036 1.060 15,000 15,000 14,963 COLONY MORTGAGE CAPITAL LTD A-2019-IKPR 11 15 2038 1.239 20,000 19,938 19,988 COMM A-2019-521F 6 15 2034 1.010 16,510 16,511 16,423 COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL TRUST A-2017-CSMO 11 15 2036 1.040 39,690 39,677 39,667 DBGS MORTGAGE TRUST A-2018-5BP 6 15 2033 0.885 40,000 39,970 39,925 DBGS MORTGAGE TRUST A-2018-BIOD 5 15 2035 0.913 23,203 23,201 23,196 DBWF MORTGAGE TRUST A-2018-GLKS 12 19 2030 1.134 20,000 19,947 20,001 INVITATION HOMES TRUST A-2018-SFR1 3 17 2037 0.808 26,163 26,082 26,163 INVITATION HOMES TRUST A-2018-SFR2 6 17 2037 1.009 35,980 35,886 35,986 INVITATION HOMES TRUST A-2018-SFR3 7 17 2037 1.109 9,016 9,016 9,000 INVITATION HOMES TRUST A-2018-SFR4 1 17 2038 1.208 30,419 30,420 30,410 JP MORGAN CHASE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE A-2018-ASH8 2 15 2035 1.059 11,398 11,397 11,376 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL TRUST MSC_18-BOP 8 15 2033 0.960 19,269 19,270 19,199 ONE NEW YORK PLAZA TRUST ONYP A-2020-1NYP 1 15 2036 1.060 18,200 18,200 18,189 UBS COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST A-2018-NYCH 2 15 2032 0.960 10,585 10,570 10,513 WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE TRUST_17-SMP 12 15 2034 0.985 18,500 18,414 18,479 TOTAL NON-AGENCY COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 692,356 691,867 TOTAL COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITIES 
 1,164,516 1,165,929 

CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES BANKING WASHINGTON MUTUAL BANK HENDERSON 6 15 2011 1,500 3 c,d TOTAL BANKING 3 COMMUNICATIONS SKY PLC 11 26 2022 3.125 5,000 4,998 5,107 TOTAL COMMUNICATIONS 4,998 5,107 CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL ESSILOR INTERNATIONAL SA 1 5 2022 2.050 6,000 6,000 6,001 KROGER CO 8 1 2022 2.800 5,845 5,818 5,909 TOTAL CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 11,818 11,910 ELECTRIC AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY INC 10 1 2022 2.400 3,000 2,986 3,033 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC 8 15 2023 3.375 14,195 14,351 14,668 CMS ENERGY CORPORATION 8 31 2024 3.125 10,250 10,461 10,689 DUKE ENERGY CORP 8 15 2022 3.050 3,053 3,040 3,082 EVERSOURCE ENERGY 3 15 2022 2.750 1,050 1,050 1,052 THE SOUTHERN COMPANY 3 30 2022 2.450 500 498 502 TOTAL ELECTRIC 32,386 33,026 
 F-63 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 INSURANCE UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC 3 15 2022 2.875 2,000 1,999 2,004 TOTAL INSURANCE 1,999 2,004 TOTAL CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES 51,201 52,050 TOTAL FIXED MATURITIES 4,710,303 4,728,811 

SYNDICATED LOANS 
 BASIC INDUSTRY 
 ASPLUNDH TREE EXPERT LLC 9 7 2027 1.840 866 864 864 AXALTA COATING SYSTEMS LTD 6 1 2024 1.882 1,206 1,203 1,203 CHEMOURS COMPANY 4 3 2025 1.850 1,847 1,847 1,847 ELEMENT SOLUTIONS INC 1 31 2026 2.090 975 973 973 FLINT GROUP GERMANY 9 21 2023 6.000 85 85 85 FLINT GROUP GERMANY 9 21 2023 6.000 515 512 512 HEXION HOLDINGS LLC 7 1 2026 3.640 489 485 485 INEOS LTD 3 29 2024 2.090 1,306 1,307 1,307 MESSER INDUSTRIE GMBH 3 2 2026 2.632 1,056 1,052 1,052 MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 2 14 2024 3.000 729 729 729 TRINSEO SA 9 6 2024 2.090 1,301 1,301 1,301 UNIVAR INC 6 3 2028 2.090 499 496 496 TOTAL BASIC INDUSTRY 10,854 10,854 BROKERAGE 
 CITADEL SECURITIES LP 2 2 2028 2.590 1,244 1,242 1,242 GREENHILL & CO INC 4 12 2024 3.340 489 488 488 LPL HOLDINGS INC TERM LOAN B1 11 12 2026 1.849 617 613 613 RUSSELL INVESTMENTS US INSTITUTE 2025 TERM LOAN 5 30 2025 4.500 1,339 1,339 1,339 TOTAL BROKERAGE 
 3,682 3,682 CAPITAL GOODS 
 ADVANCED DRAINAGE SYSTEMS INC 4 23 2028 2.340 384 382 382 ALBEA BEAUTY HOLDINGS 4 20 2024 4.000 229 228 228 ANCHOR GLASS CONTAINER CORP 12 7 2023 3.750 959 959 959 BERRY GLOBAL INC TERM LOAN Z 7 1 2026 1.864 968 967 967 DOOSAN INFRACORE CO LTD 5 18 2024 1.967 771 772 772 ENERGY SOLUTIONS LLC 5 12 2025 4.750 598 596 596 EWT HOLDINGS III CORP 3 12 2028 2.625 748 745 745 GFL ENVIRONMENTAL INC 5 30 2025 3.500 317 316 316 INGERSOLL RAND INC 3 1 2027 1.840 320 320 320 INGERSOLL-RAND SERVICES CO 3 1 2027 1.840 1,231 1,230 1,230 QUIKRETE HOLDINGS INC 2 1 2027 2.590 1,351 1,343 1,343 PRINTPACK HOLDINGS INC 7 26 2023 4.000 128 128 128 REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS LLC 1 29 2027 1.840 238 237 237 TEREX CORP TERM LOAN B 1 31 2024 2.750 80 78 78 TRANSDIGM INC 12 9 2025 2.340 831 829 829 
 F-64 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 ZEKELMAN INDUSTRIES INC 1 24 2027 2.103 728 729 729 TOTAL CAPITAL GOODS 
 9,859 9,859 COMMUNICATIONS 
 ALTICE FRANCE SA 7 15 2025 2.879 955 954 954 CENTURYLINK INC 3 15 2027 2.340 1,228 1,228 1,228 CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS INC 4 30 2025 1.850 1,398 1,399 1,399 COGECO COMMUNICATIONS (USA) II LP 1 3 2025 2.090 1,353 1,352 1,352 CSC HOLDINGS LLC 7 17 2025 2.360 946 944 944 DIAMOND SPORTS GROUP LLC 8 24 2026 3.350 1,152 1,149 1,149 ENTRAVISION COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION 11 30 2024 2.840 302 301 301 EW SCRIPPS CO TERM LOAN - B2 5 1 2026 3.313 494 484 484 GRAY TELEVISION INC 2 7 2024 2.599 278 278 278 HUBBARD RADIO LLC 3 28 2025 5.250 240 240 240 LEVEL 3 PARENT LLC 3 1 2027 1.840 337 337 337 LIONS GATE CAPITAL HOLDINGS LLC 3 22 2023 1.840 961 961 961 CSC HOLDINGS LLC 1 15 2026 2.360 973 954 954 LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP 3 24 2025 2.340 802 802 802 NASCAR HOLDINGS INC 10 19 2026 2.590 338 337 337 NEXSTAR MEDIA GROUP INC 1 17 2024 2.340 308 308 308 SBA COMMUNICATIONS CORP 4 11 2025 1.850 1,230 1,226 1,226 SINCLAIR TELEVISION GROUP INC 4 1 2028 3.100 796 793 793 SINCLAIR TELEVISION GROUP INC 12 17 2026 3.590 988 968 968 TELESAT LLC 12 7 2026 2.900 814 812 812 VIRGIN MEDIA BRISTOL LLC 1 31 2028 2.610 1,000 1,001 1,001 TOTAL COMMUNICATIONS 
 16,828 16,828 CONSUMER CYCLICAL 
 1011778 BC UNLIMITED LIABILITY 11 19 2026 1.840 1,314 1,313 1,313 AMERICAN AXLE & MANUFACTURING TERM LOAN B 4 6 2024 3.000 1,066 1,060 1,060 ARISTOCRAT LEISURE LTD 10 19 2024 1.882 1,429 1,429 1,429 BJS WHOLESALE CLUB INC TERM LOAN B 2 3 2024 2.105 302 300 300 BURLINGTON COAT FACTORY 6 24 2028 2.100 926 922 922 CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT CORP 12 23 2024 2.840 1,072 1,068 1,068 CEDAR FAIR LP 4 13 2024 1.840 181 174 174 CINEWORLD FINANCE US INC 2 28 2025 3.500 341 340 340 FOUR SEASONS HOLDINGS INC 11 30 2023 2.090 1,447 1,444 1,444 GO DADDY INC 2 15 2024 1.840 931 930 930 HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC 6 22 2026 1.842 749 748 748 KAR AUCTION SERVICES INC 9 18 2026 2.375 735 734 734 KFC HOLDING CO 3 15 2028 1.854 1,044 1,044 1,044 METRO-GOLDWYN-MAYER INC 7 3 2025 2.600 1,360 1,353 1,353 NAI ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS LLC 5 8 2025 3.500 793 793 793 PCI GAMING AUTHORITY 5 29 2026 2.590 385 384 384 PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC 10 15 2025 3.000 1,112 1,110 1,110 
 F-65 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 PRIME SECURITY SERVICES 9 23 2026 3.500 889 883 883 QUALITY SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL LTD 8 21 2025 2.840 906 899 899 SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP 8 14 2024 2.840 1,379 1,375 1,375 SEMINOLE TRIBE OF FLORIDA INC 7 8 2024 1.840 752 751 751 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORP 4 17 2026 1.850 760 760 760 WILLIAM MORRIS ENDEAVOR ENTERTAINMENT LLC 5 18 2025 2.850 895 893 893 WYNDHAM WORLDWIDE CORP 5 30 2025 1.840 970 970 970 TOTAL CONSUMER CYCLICAL 
 21,677 21,677 CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 
 ARAMARK SERVICES INC 3 23 2028 2.590 1,012 1,007 1,007 B&G FOODS INC 10 10 2026 2.590 268 267 267 BAUSCH HEALTH COMPANIES INC 6 1 2025 3.090 372 371 371 CHANGE HEALTHCARE HOLDINGS LLC 3 1 2024 3.500 654 653 653 DAVITA INC 8 12 2026 1.840 735 734 734 ELANCO ANIMAL HEALTH INC 8 1 2027 1.849 700 697 697 ENERGIZER HOLDINGS INC 12 22 2027 2.750 414 412 412 GRIFOLS SA 11 15 2027 2.072 1,117 1,114 1,114 ICON LUXEMBOURG SARL LUX SARL 7 3 2028 3.000 454 452 452 INDIGO MERGER SUB INC 7 3 2028 3.000 113 113 113 IQVIA INC TERM LOAN - B3 6 11 2025 1.882 462 456 456 JBS SA 5 1 2026 2.092 559 558 558 ORGANON & CO 4 7 2028 3.500 397 395 395 PRESTIGE BRANDS INC 6 10 2028 2.500 417 415 415 SELECT MEDICAL CORPORATION 3 6 2025 2.350 1,248 1,244 1,244 US FOODS HOLDING CORP 8 30 2026 2.090 245 244 244 TOTAL CONSUMER NON CYCLICAL 
 9,132 9,132 ELECTRIC 
 ASTORIA ENERGY LLC TERM LOAN B 12 2 2027 4.500 1 1 1 CALPINE CONSTRUCTION FINANCE 1 15 2025 2.090 1,930 1,930 1,930 CALPINE CORP 2020 TERM LOAN 12 16 2027 2.590 326 323 323 CARROLL COUNTRY ENERGY LLC 2 16 2026 3.632 638 634 634 CPV SHORE HOLDINGS LLC 12 29 2025 3.850 650 646 646 EASTERN POWER LLC 10 2 2025 4.750 1,453 1,452 1,452 EDGEWATER GENERATION LLC 12 13 2025 3.840 1,015 1,013 1,013 EFS COGEN HOLDINGS I LLC NEW TERM LOAN 2020 10 1 2027 4.500 722 719 719 EXGEN RENEWABLES IV LLC TERM LOAN 12 15 2027 3.500 489 487 487 HELIX GEN FUNDING LLC 6 3 2024 4.750 840 839 839 INVENERGY CLEAN POWER LLC 8 28 2025 3.090 819 817 817 LMBE-MC HOLDCO II LLC 12 3 2025 5.000 591 589 589 VISTRA ENERGY CORP 12 31 2025 1.844 1,228 1,227 1,227 WEST DEPTFORD ENERGY HOLDINGS LLC 8 3 2026 3.840 1,171 1,168 1,168 TOTAL ELECTRIC 
 11,845 11,845 
 F-66 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 ENERGY 
 APERGY CORP 5 9 2025 2.625 838 839 839 BUCKEYE PARTNERS 11 1 2026 2.349 419 417 417 TRAVERSE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS 9 27 2024 5.250 662 661 661 TOTAL ENERGY 
 1,917 1,917 FINANCE COMPANY 
 AVOLON TLB BORROWER 1 15 2025 2.500 572 571 571 FINCO I LLC 2020 REPLACEMENT TERM LOAN 6 27 2025 2.590 1,075 1,075 1,075 FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES OPERATING 4 22 2028 1.840 998 991 991 HAINAN TRAFFIC ADMINISTRATION HOLDING CO LTD 2 12 2027 2.250 394 393 393 TOTAL FINANCE COMPANY 
 3,030 3,030 INSURANCE 
 ASURION LLC 11 3 2023 3.146 163 162 162 ASURION LLC 11 3 2024 3.090 411 410 410 ASURION LLC TERM LOAN B8 12 23 2026 3.354 470 467 467 TOTAL INSURANCE 
 1,039 1,039 OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
 TRANSUNION 
 11 16 2026 1.840 1,010 1,009 1,009 TOTAL OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
 1,009 1,009 OTHER INDUSTRY 
 API GROUP DE INC 10 1 2026 2.590 666 662 662 LIGHTSTONE HOLDCO LLC 1 30 2024 4.750 987 984 984 LIGHTSTONE HOLDCO LLC 1 30 2024 4.750 56 56 56 TOTAL OTHER INDUSTRY 
 1,702 1,702 REITS 
 RYMAN HOSPITALITY PROPERTIES 5 11 2024 2.100 746 745 745 TOTAL REITS 
 745 745 TECHNOLOGY 
 CARLYLE GROUP INC 4 16 2025 1.840 450 448 448 CELESTICA INC. 6 27 2025 2.217 928 926 926 COMMSCOPE HOLDING CO INC 4 6 2026 3.340 1,225 1,218 1,218 MA FINANCECO LLC 6 21 2024 2.840 156 156 156 MACDONALD DETTWILER AND ASSOCIATES LTD 10 4 2024 2.850 722 720 720 MKS INSTRUMENTS INC TERM LOAN B6 2 2 2026 1.840 493 490 490 NCR CORPORATION 8 28 2026 2.630 490 480 480 NIELSEN HOLDINGS PLC 10 4 2023 2.102 620 620 620 PLANTRONICS INC 7 2 2025 2.590 626 623 623 SABRE HOLDINGS CORPORATION 2 22 2024 2.090 1,078 1,072 1,072 SEATTLE SPINCO INC 6 21 2024 2.840 1,149 1,146 1,146 
 F-67 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 SS&C TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS INC 4 16 2025 1.840 365 363 363 TTM TECHNOLOGIES INC 9 28 2024 2.599 431 430 430 XPERI HOLDING CORP 6 8 2028 3.604 809 744 744 TOTAL TECHNOLOGY 
 9,436 9,436 TRANSPORTATION 
 AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC 12 14 2023 2.110 960 959 959 AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC 6 27 2025 1.842 941 940 940 UNITED AIRLINES INC 4 20 2028 4.500 369 367 367 UNITED CONTINENTAL HOLDINGS INC 2 23 2025 1.853 1,000 987 987 XPO LOGISTICS INC 12 30 2026 2.132 640 638 638 TOTAL TRANSPORTATION 
 3,891 3,891 TOTAL SYNDICATED LOANS BEFORE ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 106,646 106,646 ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 (1,024) (1,024) TOTAL SYNDICATED LOANS - NET 
 105,622 105,622 

DERIVATIVES 
 PURCHASED OPTIONS 
 BNP SECURITIES 2 1 2022 405 405 BNP SECURITIES 3 29 2022 379 379 BNP SECURITIES 4 12 2022 371 371 BNP SECURITIES 4 19 2022 183 183 BNP SECURITIES 6 28 2022 359 359 BNP SECURITIES 9 20 2022 362 362 BNP SECURITIES 10 11 2022 358 358 BNP SECURITIES 11 1 2022 172 172 BNP SECURITIES 11 15 2022 335 335 BNP SECURITIES 2 7 2023 148 148 BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 180 180 BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 439 439 BNP SECURITIES 4 19 2022 202 202 BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 206 206 BNP SECURITIES 4 26 2022 190 190 BNP SECURITIES 4 25 2023 194 194 BNP SECURITIES 5 2 2023 194 194 BNP SECURITIES 5 16 2023 566 566 BNP SECURITIES 6 7 2022 157 157 BNP SECURITIES 8 16 2022 281 281 BNP SECURITIES 8 15 2023 149 149 BNP SECURITIES 8 22 2023 145 145 BNP SECURITIES 1 4 2022 1 1,039 1,039 BNP SECURITIES 1 11 2022 1 964 964 BNP SECURITIES 1 18 2022 1 967 967 
 F-68 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 BNP SECURITIES 1 17 2023 109 109 BNP SECURITIES 1 25 2022 1 826 826 BNP SECURITIES 1 23 2024 117 117 BNP SECURITIES 3 8 2022 1 809 809 BNP SECURITIES 3 15 2022 1 653 653 BNP SECURITIES 4 26 2022 1 506 506 BNP SECURITIES 5 10 2022 1 537 537 BNP SECURITIES 6 7 2022 1 497 497 BNP SECURITIES 6 21 2022 1 491 491 BNP SECURITIES 8 9 2022 1 446 446 BNP SECURITIES 8 23 2022 1 327 327 BNP SECURITIES 8 30 2022 1 356 356 BNP SECURITIES 9 20 2022 1 409 409 BNP SECURITIES 9 27 2022 1 413 413 BNP SECURITIES 10 11 2022 1 360 360 BNP SECURITIES 10 18 2022 1 287 287 BNP SECURITIES 10 25 2022 1 311 311 BNP SECURITIES 11 8 2022 1 227 227 BNP SECURITIES 11 15 2022 1 186 186 BNP SECURITIES 11 22 2022 1 268 268 BNP SECURITIES 11 29 2022 1 282 282 BNP SECURITIES 12 27 2022 137 137 CS INTERNATIONAL 2 15 2022 1 838 838 CS INTERNATIONAL 3 1 2022 1 811 811 CS INTERNATIONAL 4 12 2022 1 530 530 CS INTERNATIONAL 5 31 2022 1 446 446 CS INTERNATIONAL 12 13 2022 1 216 216 CS INTERNATIONAL 12 20 2022 1 259 259 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 4 2022 438 438 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 11 2022 431 431 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 18 2022 213 213 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 25 2022 425 425 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 8 2022 606 606 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 15 2022 397 397 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 394 394 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 1 2022 197 197 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 8 2022 591 591 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 15 2022 193 193 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 388 388 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 5 2022 1 941 941 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 26 2022 182 182 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 3 2022 376 376 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 10 2022 385 385 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 24 2022 391 391 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 31 2022 196 196 
 F-69 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 14 2022 369 369 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 21 2022 369 369 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 26 2022 176 176 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 16 2022 374 374 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 13 2022 177 177 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 27 2022 184 184 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 4 2022 376 376 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 25 2022 175 175 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 15 2022 139 139 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 14 2023 147 147 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 163 163 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 8 2022 188 188 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 7 2023 191 191 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 462 462 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 21 2023 464 464 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 9 2023 193 193 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 13 2023 171 171 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 21 2022 164 164 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 1 2022 1 848 848 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 8 2022 1 774 774 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 1 979 979 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 21 2023 207 207 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 1 783 783 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 29 2022 1 745 745 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 5 2022 1 578 578 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 19 2022 1 541 541 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 3 2022 1 593 593 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 17 2022 1 629 629 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 24 2022 1 519 519 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 14 2022 1 672 672 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 28 2022 1 467 467 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 5 2022 1 437 437 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 12 2022 1 371 371 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 11 2023 72 72 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 19 2022 1 515 515 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 26 2022 1 360 360 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 2 2022 1 402 402 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 16 2022 1 345 345 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 6 2022 1 361 361 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 13 2022 1 308 308 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 4 2022 1 361 361 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 11 1 2022 1 206 206 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 12 6 2022 1 237 237 TOTAL PURCHASED OPTIONS 
 44,135 44,135 
 F-70 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

WRITTEN OPTIONS 
 BNP SECURITIES 2 1 2022 (323) (323) BNP SECURITIES 3 29 2022 (304) (304) BNP SECURITIES 4 12 2022 (295) (295) BNP SECURITIES 4 19 2022 (145) (145) BNP SECURITIES 6 28 2022 (299) (299) BNP SECURITIES 9 20 2022 (323) (323) BNP SECURITIES 10 11 2022 (318) (318) BNP SECURITIES 11 1 2022 (152) (152) BNP SECURITIES 11 15 2022 (295) (295) BNP SECURITIES 2 7 2023 (127) (127) BNP SECURITIES 2 28 2023 (163) (163) BNP SECURITIES 3 28 2023 (420) (420) BNP SECURITIES 4 18 2023 (196) (196) BNP SECURITIES 4 19 2022 (197) (197) BNP SECURITIES 4 26 2022 (181) (181) BNP SECURITIES 4 25 2023 (177) (177) BNP SECURITIES 5 2 2023 (177) (177) BNP SECURITIES 5 16 2023 (531) (531) BNP SECURITIES 6 7 2022 (150) (150) BNP SECURITIES 8 15 2023 (143) (143) BNP SECURITIES 8 16 2022 (275) (275) BNP SECURITIES 8 22 2023 (138) (138) BNP SECURITIES 1 4 2022 (1) (1,032) (1,032) BNP SECURITIES 1 11 2022 (1) (957) (957) BNP SECURITIES 1 18 2022 (1) (960) (960) BNP SECURITIES 1 17 2023 (107) (107) BNP SECURITIES 1 25 2022 (1) (819) (819) BNP SECURITIES 1 23 2024 (113) (113) BNP SECURITIES 3 8 2022 (1) (802) (802) BNP SECURITIES 3 15 2022 (1) (646) (646) BNP SECURITIES 4 26 2022 (1) (500) (500) BNP SECURITIES 5 10 2022 (1) (531) (531) BNP SECURITIES 6 7 2022 (1) (491) (491) BNP SECURITIES 6 21 2022 (1) (485) (485) BNP SECURITIES 8 9 2022 (1) (440) (440) BNP SECURITIES 8 23 2022 (1) (322) (322) BNP SECURITIES 8 30 2022 (1) (351) (351) BNP SECURITIES 9 20 2022 (1) (404) (404) BNP SECURITIES 9 27 2022 (1) (409) (409) BNP SECURITIES 10 11 2022 (1) (356) (356) BNP SECURITIES 10 18 2022 (1) (283) (283) BNP SECURITIES 10 25 2022 (1) (307) (307) BNP SECURITIES 11 8 2022 (1) (224) (224) 
 F-71 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 BNP SECURITIES 11 15 2022 (1) (183) (183) BNP SECURITIES 11 22 2022 (1) (264) (264) BNP SECURITIES 11 29 2022 (1) (278) (278) BNP SECURITIES 12 27 2022 (135) (135) CS INTERNATIONAL 2 15 2022 (1) (830) (830) CS INTERNATIONAL 3 1 2022 (1) (804) (804) CS INTERNATIONAL 4 12 2022 (1) (524) (524) CS INTERNATIONAL 5 31 2022 (1) (441) (441) CS INTERNATIONAL 12 13 2022 (1) (213) (213) CS INTERNATIONAL 12 20 2022 (1) (255) (255) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 4 2022 (361) (361) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 11 2022 (353) (353) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 18 2022 (174) (174) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 1 25 2022 (346) (346) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 8 2022 (483) (483) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 15 2022 (323) (323) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 (320) (320) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 1 2022 (160) (160) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 8 2022 (480) (480) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 15 2022 (155) (155) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 (314) (314) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 5 2022 (1) (752) (752) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 26 2022 (146) (146) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 3 2022 (306) (306) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 10 2022 (317) (317) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 24 2022 (324) (324) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 31 2022 (162) (162) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 14 2022 (300) (300) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 21 2022 (300) (300) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 26 2022 (146) (146) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 16 2022 (322) (322) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 13 2022 (157) (157) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 27 2022 (164) (164) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 4 2022 (338) (338) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 25 2022 (155) (155) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 15 2022 (129) (129) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 14 2023 (129) (129) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 (154) (154) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 8 2022 (179) (179) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 7 2023 (175) (175) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 (447) (447) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 21 2023 (435) (435) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 9 2023 (176) (176) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 13 2023 (159) (159) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 21 2022 (158) (158) 
 F-72 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule I Investments in Securities of Unaffiliated Issuers (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

Issuer 
 Maturity Date Coupon Rate Principal Amount of Bonds & Notes or # of Shares Amortized Cost (Notes a & b) Carrying Value (Note a) 

 WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 1 2022 (1) (841) (841) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 8 2022 (1) (767) (767) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 22 2022 (1) (970) (970) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 2 21 2023 (202) (202) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 22 2022 (1) (776) (776) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 3 29 2022 (1) (738) (738) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 5 2022 (1) (572) (572) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 4 19 2022 (1) (535) (535) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 3 2022 (1) (586) (586) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 17 2022 (1) (622) (622) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 5 24 2022 (1) (513) (513) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 14 2022 (1) (665) (665) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 6 28 2022 (1) (461) (461) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 5 2022 (1) (431) (431) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 12 2022 (1) (366) (366) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 11 2023 (70) (70) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 19 2022 (1) (509) (509) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 7 26 2022 (1) (355) (355) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 2 2022 (1) (396) (396) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 8 16 2022 (1) (340) (340) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 6 2022 (1) (356) (356) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 9 13 2022 (1) (304) (304) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 10 4 2022 (1) (357) (357) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 11 1 2022 (1) (203) (203) WELLS FARGO BANK NA 12 6 2022 (1) (238) (238) TOTAL WRITTEN OPTIONS 
 (41,467) (41,467) 

FUTURES 
 S&P500 EMINI FUT Dec21 (3) (3) TOTAL FUTURES 
 (3) (3) TOTAL DERIVATIVES - NET 
 2,665 2,665 TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED MATURITIES, EQUITY SECURITIES, SYNDICATED LOANS AND DERIVATIVES 5,490,865 5,509,373 
 
 NOTES 
 a) Cash equivalents are carried at amortized cost which approximates fair value. Fixed maturities and common stocks are carried at fair value. In the absence of quoted market prices, fair values are obtained from third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques. Syndicated loans are carried at amortized cost, less allowance for loan losses. Derivatives are carried at fair value. Options are traded in over-the-counter markets using pricing models with market observable inputs. Futures are exchange-traded and valued using quoted prices in active markets. See notes to the financial statements regarding valuations. 
 b) For Federal income tax purposes, the cost of investments is 5.5 billion. 
 c) Securities written down due to other-than-temporary impairment related to credit losses. 
 d) Non-Income producing securities. 
 
 F-73 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) Other - liens on Apartment and business Under 500 121047377 Cookeville City TN 1 296 296 1 3.500 121087371 Bulverde TX 1 213 213 1 3.000 Over 500 121047210 West Haven City CT 1 3,935 3,935 12 3.600 121047262 Fargo ND 1 2,640 2,640 12 5.440 121047343 Durham City NC 1 1,090 1,090 3 3.500 121047347 Lawrenceville GA 1 1,377 1,377 4 3.970 121047383 Las Vegas NV 1 4,571 4,571 15 3.810 121047387 Washington Terrace UT 1 2,131 2,131 5 3.020 121047392 Philadelphia City PA 1 3,211 3,211 12 4.310 121047393 Moore SC 1 1,093 1,093 4 4.130 121047398 Springfield IL 1 854 854 3 4.390 121047400 Pittsford NY 1 1,216 1,216 4 4.070 121047402 Miami FL 1 1,406 1,406 4 3.750 121047406 Kokomo IN 1 3,000 3,000 8 3.000 121047408 Wyomissing PA 1 2,733 2,733 6 2.700 121047410 Chicago IL 1 2,529 2,529 5 2.500 121047412 Columbus IN 1 1,628 1,628 5 3.370 121087245 Southport CT 1 2,606 2,606 9 4.010 121087313 Orchard Park NY 1 2,217 2,217 7 4.050 121087327 Marietta City GA 1 2,084 2,084 7 3.820 121087349 Carlsbad CA 1 2,083 2,083 5 3.000 121087358 Philadelphia City PA 1 3,411 3,411 10 3.450 121087361 Oswego OR 1 3,866 3,866 14 4.260 121087362 Atlanta GA 1 3,226 3,226 11 3.960 121087375 Florence City KY 1 625 625 2 3.040 121087376 Sterling Heights MI 1 1,105 1,105 3 3.620 121087378 Pittsburgh PA 1 1,852 1,852 6 3.690 121087379 Euless TX 1 1,285 1,285 4 3.700 121087381 San Diego CA 1 2,448 2,448 6 3.130 121087382 San Diego CA 1 2,272 2,272 6 3.090 121087384 Culver City CA 1 2,671 2,671 7 3.170 121087388 Riverside CA 1 1,081 1,081 3 3.270 121087389 Palmdale CA 1 1,460 1,460 4 3.270 121087394 Richmond TX 1 2,570 2,570 9 4.000 121087395 San Francisco CA 1 4,179 4,179 14 4.180 121087396 Seattle WA 1 5,000 5,000 17 4.000 121087397 Nashville TN 1 1,318 1,318 5 4.350 121087403 Houston TX 1 4,223 4,223 12 3.470 121087404 Blaine MN 1 1,575 1,575 4 3.320 121087405 Monroe WA 1 4,062 4,062 11 3.390 121087407 Victorville CA 1 1,811 1,811 4 2.960 121087409 Pompano Beach FL 1 1,727 1,727 4 2.740 121087411 Syracyse Utah UT 1 2,434 2,434 5 2.520 121087414 Fountain Valley CA 1 5,500 5,500 23 5.100 
 F-74 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) Total Other 44 102,614 102,614 316 3.692 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 451 451 Total First Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 44 102,163 102,163 316 3.692 
 
 Part 3 - Location of mortgaged properties Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed State in which mortgaged property is located Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) California CA 9 23,505 23,505 Connecticut CT 2 6,541 6,541 Florida FL 2 3,133 3,133 Georgia GA 3 6,687 6,687 Illinois IL 2 3,383 3,383 Indiana IN 2 4,628 4,628 Kentucky KY 1 625 625 Michigan MI 1 1,105 1,105 Minnesota MN 1 1,575 1,575 North Carolina NC 1 1,090 1,090 North Dakota ND 1 2,640 2,640 Nevada NV 1 4,571 4,571 New York NY 2 3,433 3,433 Oregon OR 1 3,866 3,866 Pennsylvania PA 4 11,207 11,207 South Carolina SC 1 1,093 1,093 Tennessee TN 2 1,614 1,614 Texas TX 4 8,291 8,291 Utah UT 2 4,565 4,565 Washington WA 2 9,062 9,062 Total 44 102,614 102,614 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 451 451 Total 44 102,163 102,163 
 NOTES 
 (a) The classification residential includes single dwellings only. Residential multiple dwellings are included in apartment and business . 
 (b) Real estate taxes and easements, which in the opinion of ACC are not undue burden on the properties, have been excluded from the determination of prior liens . 
 (c) In this Schedule III, carrying amount of mortgage loans represents unpaid principal balances plus unamortized premiums less unamortized discounts and allowance for credit losses. 
 (d) Interest in arrears for less than three months has been disregarded in computing the total amount of principal subject to delinquent interest. The amounts of mortgage loans being foreclosed are also included in amounts subject to delinquent interest. 
 (e) Information as to interest income by type and class of loan has been omitted because it is not readily available and the obtaining thereof would involve unreasonable effort and expense. In lieu thereof, the average gross interest rates (exclusive of amortization of discounts and premiums) on mortgage loans held as of December 31, 2022 are sho wn by type and class of loan. 

F-75 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) Other - liens on Apartment and business Under 500 121047366 Murray UT 1 162 162 3.310 121087290 Doraville GA 1 144 144 1 5.770 121087359 Apex NC 1 47 47 3.520 121087370 La Jolla CA 1 114 114 3.260 121087371 Bulverde TX 1 403 403 1 3.000 Over 500 121047210 West Haven CT 1 4,076 4,076 12 3.600 121047262 Fargo ND 1 3,306 3,306 15 5.440 121047343 Durham NC 1 1,133 1,133 3 3.500 121047347 Lawrenceville GA 1 1,426 1,426 5 3.970 121047364 Kansas City KS 1 908 908 3 3.420 121047377 Cookeville TN 1 581 581 2 3.500 121047383 Las Vegas NV 1 2,578 2,578 6 2.980 121047385 Cicero IL 1 2,960 2,960 9 3.850 121047387 Washington Terrace UT 1 2,177 2,177 5 3.020 121047392 Philadelphia PA 1 3,279 3,279 12 4.310 121047393 Moore SC 1 1,309 1,309 5 4.130 121047398 Springfield IL 1 968 968 4 4.390 121047400 Pittsford NY 1 1,377 1,377 5 4.070 121047402 Miami FL 1 1,436 1,436 4 3.750 121047408 Wyomissing PA 1 3,010 3,010 7 2.700 121047410 Chicago IL 1 2,779 2,779 6 2.500 121087245 Southport CT 1 2,690 2,690 9 4.010 121087313 Orchard Park NY 1 2,340 2,340 8 4.050 121087327 Marietta GA 1 2,152 2,152 7 3.820 121087344 Norcross GA 1 1,311 1,311 4 3.380 121087349 Carlsbad CA 1 2,131 2,131 5 3.000 121087358 Philadelphia PA 1 3,536 3,536 10 3.450 121087360 Sun City Center FL 1 3,746 3,746 10 3.300 121087361 Oswego OR 1 4,147 4,147 15 4.260 121087362 Atlanta GA 1 2,099 2,099 7 3.810 121087365 Fairfax VA 1 1,858 1,858 7 4.450 121087369 Acworth GA 1 1,134 1,134 3 3.550 121087375 Florence KY 1 854 854 2 3.040 121087376 Sterling Heights MI 1 1,458 1,458 4 3.620 121087378 Pittsburgh PA 1 2,041 2,041 6 3.690 121087379 Euless TX 1 1,333 1,333 4 3.700 121087381 San Diego CA 1 2,902 2,902 8 3.130 121087382 San Diego CA 1 2,775 2,775 7 3.090 121087384 Culver City CA 1 2,738 2,738 9 3.840 121087386 Bellingham WA 1 4,875 4,875 15 3.570 121087388 Riverside CA 1 1,277 1,277 3 3.270 121087389 Palmdale CA 1 1,724 1,724 5 3.270 121087394 Richmond TX 1 2,987 2,987 10 4.000 121087395 San Francisco CA 1 4,302 4,302 15 4.180 121087396 Seattle WA 1 4,758 4,758 17 4.410 
 F-76 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) 121087397 Nashville TN 1 1,503 1,503 5 4.350 121087403 Houston TX 1 4,350 4,350 13 3.470 121087404 Blaine MN 1 1,680 1,680 5 3.320 121087405 Monroe WA 1 4,151 4,151 12 3.390 121087406 Kokomo IN 1 3,000 3,000 7 3.000 121087407 Victorville CA 1 1,986 1,986 5 2.960 121087409 Pompano Beach FL 1 1,779 1,779 4 2.740 121087411 Syracyse UT 1 2,650 2,650 2.520 Total Other 53 116,440 116,440 346 3.626 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 493 Total First Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 53 115,947 116,440 346 3.626 
 
 Part 3 - Location of mortgaged properties Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed State in which mortgaged property is located Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) California CA 9 19,949 19,949 Connecticut CT 2 6,766 6,766 Florida FL 3 6,961 6,961 Georgia GA 6 8,265 8,265 Illinois IL 3 6,708 6,708 Indiana IN 1 3,000 3,000 Kansas KS 1 907 907 Kentucky KY 1 854 854 Michigan MI 1 1,458 1,458 Minnesota MN 1 1,680 1,680 North Carolina NC 2 1,180 1,180 North Dakota ND 1 3,306 3,306 Nevada NV 1 2,578 2,578 New York NY 2 3,717 3,717 Oregon OR 1 4,147 4,147 Pennsylvania PA 4 11,865 11,865 South Carolina SC 1 1,309 1,309 Tennessee TN 2 2,085 2,085 Texas TX 4 9,073 9,073 Utah UT 3 4,989 4,989 Virginia VA 1 1,858 1,858 Washington WA 3 13,785 13,785 Total 53 116,440 116,440 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 493 Total 53 115,947 116,440 
 NOTES 
 (a) The classification residential includes single dwellings only. Residential multiple dwellings are included in apartment and business . 
 (b) Real estate taxes and easements, which in the opinion of ACC are not undue burden on the properties, have been excluded from the determination of prior liens . 
 (c) In this Schedule III, carrying amount of mortgage loans represents unpaid principal balances plus unamortized premiums less unamortized discounts and allowance for credit losses. 
 (d) Interest in arrears for less than three months has been disregarded in computing the total amount of principal subject to delinquent interest. The amounts of mortgage loans being foreclosed are also included in amounts subject to delinquent interest. 
 (e) Information as to interest income by type and class of loan has been omitted because it is not readily available and the obtaining thereof would involve unreasonable effort and expense. In lieu thereof, the average gross interest rates (exclusive of amortization of discounts and premiums) on mortgage loans held as of December 31, 2021 are sho wn by type and class of loan. 
 
 F-77 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages 
 December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) Other - liens on Apartment and business Under 500 121047366 Murray UT 1 318 318 3.310 121087290 Doraville GA 1 378 378 2 5.770 121087347 Lawrenceville GA 1 58 58 4.650 121087351 Gardena CA 1 163 163 1 4.450 121087359 Apex NC 1 185 185 3.520 121087370 La Jolla CA 1 300 300 1 3.260 Over 500 121047210 West Haven CT 1 4,212 4,212 13 3.600 121047262 Fargo ND 1 3,937 3,937 18 5.440 121047343 Durham NC 1 1,175 1,175 3 3.500 121047364 Kansas City KS 1 950 950 3 3.420 121047377 Cookeville TN 1 857 857 2 3.500 121047383 Las Vegas NV 1 2,551 2,551 7 3.340 121047385 Cicero IL 1 3,050 3,050 10 3.850 121047387 Washington Terrace UT 1 2,168 2,168 7 3.730 121047392 Philadelphia PA 1 3,344 3,344 12 4.310 121047393 Moore SC 1 1,517 1,517 5 4.130 121047398 Springfield IL 1 1,078 1,078 4 4.390 121047399 Colorado Springs CO 1 4,366 4,366 15 4.010 121047400 Pittsford NY 1 1,531 1,531 5 4.070 121047402 Miami FL 1 1,465 1,465 5 3.750 121087245 Southport CT 1 2,771 2,771 9 4.010 121087313 Orchard Park NY 1 2,458 2,458 8 4.050 121087327 Marietta GA 1 2,218 2,218 7 3.820 121087344 Norcross GA 1 1,390 1,390 4 3.380 121087345 Henderson NV 1 3,459 3,459 13 4.500 121087349 Carlsbad CA 1 2,177 2,177 5 3.000 121087358 Philadelphia PA 1 3,657 3,657 11 3.450 121087360 Sun City Center FL 1 3,842 3,842 11 3.300 121087361 Oswego OR 1 4,416 4,416 16 4.260 121087362 Atlanta GA 1 2,196 2,196 7 3.810 121087365 Fairfax VA 1 1,913 1,913 7 4.450 121087369 Acworth GA 1 1,214 1,214 4 3.550 121087371 Bulverde TX 1 588 588 1 3.000 121087372 Brea CA 1 2,885 2,885 7 3.000 121087375 Florence KY 1 1,077 1,077 3 3.040 121087376 Sterling Heights MI 1 1,798 1,798 5 3.620 121087378 Pittsburgh PA 1 2,222 2,222 7 3.690 121087379 Euless TX 1 1,380 1,380 4 3.700 121087381 San Diego CA 1 3,341 3,341 9 3.130 121087382 San Diego CA 1 3,263 3,263 8 3.090 121087384 Culver City CA 1 2,800 2,800 9 3.840 121087386 Bellingham WA 1 4,987 4,987 15 3.570 121087388 Riverside CA 1 1,467 1,467 4 3.270 121087389 Palmdale CA 1 1,980 1,980 5 3.270 121087394 Richmond TX 1 3,387 3,387 11 4.000 121087395 San Francisco CA 1 4,420 4,420 15 4.180 121087396 Seattle WA 1 4,847 4,847 18 4.410 121087397 Nashville TN 1 1,681 1,681 6 4.350 
 F-78 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages (continued) 
 December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Mortgage loans on real estate at end of period Part 2 - Interest earned on mortgages Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed Interest due and accrued at end of period Average gross rate of interest on mortgages held at end of period (e) Loan No. Description (a) Property Location Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) 121087401 Southlake TX 1 2,324 2,324 8 4.030 121087403 Houston TX 1 4,472 4,472 13 3.470 121087404 Blaine MN 1 1,780 1,780 5 3.320 121087405 Monroe WA 1 4,237 4,237 12 3.390 121087406 Kokomo IN 1 3,000 3,000 8 3.000 Total Other 53 123,250 123,250 388 3.782 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 931 Total First Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 53 122,319 123,250 388 3.782 
 
 Part 3 - Location of mortgaged properties Carrying amount of mortgages (c) Amount of principal unpaid at end of period Amount of mortgages being foreclosed State in which mortgaged property is located Number of loans Prior liens (b) Total Subject to delinquent interest (d) California CA 10 22,797 22,797 Colorado CO 1 4,366 4,366 Connecticut CT 2 6,983 6,983 Florida FL 2 5,307 5,307 Georgia GA 6 7,453 7,453 Illinois IL 2 4,128 4,128 Indiana IN 1 3,000 3,000 Kansas KS 1 950 950 Kentucky KY 1 1,077 1,077 Michigan MI 1 1,798 1,798 Minnesota MN 1 1,780 1,780 North Carolina NC 2 1,360 1,360 North Dakota ND 1 3,938 3,938 Nevada NV 2 6,011 6,011 New York NY 2 3,989 3,989 Oregon OR 1 4,415 4,415 Pennsylvania PA 3 9,223 9,223 South Carolina SC 1 1,516 1,516 Tennessee TN 2 2,538 2,538 Texas TX 5 12,151 12,151 Utah UT 2 2,486 2,486 Virginia VA 1 1,913 1,913 Washington WA 3 14,071 14,071 Total 53 123,250 123,250 Unallocated Reserve for Losses 931 Total 53 122,319 123,250 
 NOTES 
 (a) The classification residential includes single dwellings only. Residential multiple dwellings are included in apartment and business . 
 (b) Real estate taxes and easements, which in the opinion of ACC are not undue burden on the properties, have been excluded from the determination of prior liens . 
 (c) In this Schedule III, carrying amount of mortgage loans represents unpaid principal balances plus unamortized premiums less unamortized discounts and reserve for loss. 
 (d) Interest in arrears for less than three months has been disregarded in computing the total amount of principal subject to delinquent interest. The amounts of mortgage loans being foreclosed are also included in amounts subject to delinquent interest. 
 (e) Information as to interest income by type and class of loan has been omitted because it is not readily available and the obtaining thereof would involve unreasonable effort and expense. In lieu thereof, the average gross interest rates (exclusive of amortization of discounts and premiums) on mortgage loans held as of December 31, 2020 are shown by type and class of loan. 
 
 F-79 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule III Mortgage Loans on Real Estate and Interest Earned on Mortgages 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

The average gross interest rates on mortgage loans held as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows 
 2022 2021 2020 Combined average 3.692 3.626 3.782 
 
 (f) Following is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of mortgage loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period 115,947 122,319 123,040 Additions during period Purchases and fundings 10,743 13,937 7,962 Impact of of change in accounting policies 1,608 Deductions during period Collections of principal (24,569) (20,747) (10,096) Provision for credit loss 42 438 (195) Net additions (deductions) (13,784) (6,372) (721) Balance at end of period 102,163 115,947 122,319 
 
 (g) The aggregate cost of mortgage loans for federal income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 was 102,614. 
 
 (h) As of December 31, 2022, an unallocated allowance for credit losses on first mortgage loans of 451 is recorded. 
 
 F-80 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule V Qualified Assets on Deposit 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Name of Depositary December 31, 2022 Investment Securities Mortgage Loans (b) Other (c) Total Bonds and Notes (a) Deposits with states or their depositories to meet requirements of statutes and agreements Illinois - Secretary of State of Illinois 55 55 New Jersey - Commissioner of Banking and Insurance of New Jersey 52 52 Pennsylvania - Treasurer of the State of Pennsylvania 155 155 Texas - Treasurer of the State of Texas 307 307 Total State Deposits to meet requirements of statutes and agreements 569 569 Total Central Depository - Ameriprise Trust Company 9,681,912 102,163 102,330 9,886,405 Total Deposits 9,682,481 102,163 102,330 9,886,974 NOTES 
 (a) Represents amortized cost of bonds, notes and cash equivalents. (b) Represents unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans less unamortized discounts and allowance for credit losses. (c) Represents amortized cost of syndicated loans less allowance for credit losses. 

Name of Depositary December 31, 2021 Investment Securities Mortgage Loans (b) Other (c) Total Bonds and Notes (a) Deposits with states or their depositories to meet requirements of statutes and agreements Illinois - Secretary of State of Illinois 50 50 New Jersey - Commissioner of Banking and Insurance of New Jersey 52 52 Pennsylvania - Treasurer of the State of Pennsylvania 155 155 Texas - Treasurer of the State of Texas 108 108 Total State Deposits to meet requirements of statutes and agreements 365 365 Total Central Depository - Ameriprise Trust Company 5,382,213 115,947 105,622 5,603,782 Total Deposits 5,382,578 115,947 105,622 5,604,147 
 
 NOTES 
 
 (a) Represents amortized cost of bonds, notes and cash equivalents. 
 (b) Represents unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans less unamortized discounts and and allowance for credit losses. 
 (c) Represents amortized cost of syndicated loans less allowance for credit losses. 
 F-81 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Summary of Changes 
 Description December 31, 2022 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Installment certificates 
 Reserves to mature 
 Inst I95 450 4,808 3,841 85 (227) (1,768) 594 6,739 Inst-E 2 82 43 1 (85) 6 41 RP-Q-Installment 1 6 5 1 6 5 Inst-R 139 18,871 796 567 15 (143) (105) 145 54,593 1,130 Inst-R-E 1 2,052 421 57 7 4 2,451 485 Total 
 593 20,929 6,112 4,508 108 (370) (1,958) 750 57,050 8,400 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon 
 Inst I95 
 95 (84) 11 Inst-E 
 1 (1) Inst-R 
 16 (14) 2 Inst-R-E 
 7 (7) Total 
 119 (106) 13 Res for accrued 3rd year 213 - Installment Prod only Total 
 Total Installment Certificates 593 20,929 6,112 119 4,508 108 (370) (1,958) (106) 750 57,050 8,413 Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates Single - Payment certificates IC-Flexible Savings (Variable Term) - 165 56,831 1,587,640 1,645,719 4,295,047 26,867 (6,592) (919,655) 109,643 4,975,770 5,041,386 IC - Stepup - 190 161 6,417 6,634 49 40 (1,152) 109 5,382 5,571 Cash Reserve Variables PMT - 3mo. - 662 66,659 1,889,641 1,895,092 1,807,259 2,562 (1,750) (2,182,753) 63,421 1,515,402 1,520,410 IC-Stock Market - 180 3,786 23,928 27,341 28 20 (1,571) (6,335) 2,790 17,102 19,483 IC-MSC - 181 3,707 64,548 73,247 898 53 (3,114) (18,376) 2,776 46,649 52,708 IC-Stock1 - 210 6,666 53,566 55,496 7,845 40 (19,704) 5,249 42,309 43,677 IC-Stock2 - 220 873 15,295 16,009 4,282 168 (5,076) 752 14,756 15,383 IC-Stock3 - 230 1,881 28,247 29,349 5,099 1,665 (10,620) 1,557 24,091 25,493 Total 
 140,564 3,669,282 3,748,887 6,120,507 31,415 (13,027) (3,163,671) 186,297 6,641,461 6,724,111 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon IC-Flexible Savings 133 33,801 (454) (26,870) 6,610 IC-Stepup -190 4 84 (40) (40) 8 Cash Reserve Variable Payment-3mo. 8 4,214 (757) (2,560) 905 IC-Stk Mkt, 2004 16 31-4000 16 2 4 (2) 4 IC-Stock1 - 210 3 12 (1) (5) 9 IC-Stock2 - 220 5 4 (6) 3 IC-Stock3 - 230 50 12 (1) (51) 10 IC-MSC (1) 15 (11) 3 Total 204 38,146 (1,253) (29,545) 7,552 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries SP 75 (1) (1) IC-Stock 76 9 (18) 67 IC-Stock1 - 210 104 76 (2) (34) 144 IC-Stock2 - 220 209 (11) (1) (162) 35 IC-Stock3 - 230 2,061 (31) (1,620) 410 
 F-82 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2022 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves IC-Market Strategy Certificate - Part Int 2019 2102 4061 110 60 (1) (42) 127 Total 2,559 103 (4) (1,876) 782 Total Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates 140,564 3,669,282 3,751,650 38,249 6,120,507 31,415 (13,027) (3,164,928) (31,421) 186,297 6,641,461 6,732,445 R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates R-77 - 910 3.5 3 12 25 1 9 12 26 R78 - 911 3.5 3 12 22 1 3 12 23 R-79 - 912 3.5 5 39 69 2 5 39 71 R-80 - 913 3.5 3 21 34 1 3 21 35 R-81 - 914 3.5 1 10 17 1 1 10 18 R-82A - 915 3.5 6 29 37 1 (4) 6 26 34 RP-Q - 916 25 33 101 (18) 22 28 83 R-II - 920 3.5 8 63 64 2 (7) 7 57 59 RP-Flexible Savings - 971 25,455 660,294 682,886 1,459,190 10,606 (1,437) (297,942) 44,721 1,829,220 1,853,303 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. - 972 29,957 762,247 764,093 704,980 1,109 (74) (824,394) 29,200 643,893 645,714 RP-Flexible Savings Emp - 973 1 71 83 1 71 83 RP-Stock Market - 960 1,203 11,668 13,098 4 8 (408) (3,548) 866 8,225 9,154 RP-Stepup - 940 107 3,119 3,291 26 (1,055) 78 2,127 2,262 RP-Stock1 - 941 2,314 23,580 24,487 3,073 20 (10,453) 1,577 16,581 17,127 RP-Stock2 - 942 569 9,218 9,560 1,710 116 (3,835) 421 7,292 7,551 RP-Stock3 - 943 1,208 16,422 17,075 3,086 1,078 (8,031) 948 12,506 13,208 Market Strategy Cert - 961 916 19,788 21,290 466 16 (105) (5,723) 680 14,926 15,944 D-1 990-993 2 761 847 109 11 (73) 2 801 894 Total 61,786 1,507,387 1,537,079 2,172,618 12,999 (2,024) (1,155,083) 78,550 2,535,847 2,565,589 Additional Interest on R-Series Single Payment Reserves R-77 3.5 1 (1) R-78 3.5 1 (1) R-79 3.5 2 (2) R-80 3.5 1 (1) R-81 3.5 1 (1) R-82A 3.5 1 (1) R-II 3.5 2 (2) RP-Flexible Savings 51 13,017 (82) (10,606) 2,380 RP-Stepup - 940 1 27 (26) 2 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. 3 1,829 (349) (1,109) 374 RP-Stock Market 1 2 (1) 2 RP-Stock1 2 7 (4) 5 RP-Stock2 2 1 (2) 1 RP-Stock3 21 5 (22) 4 Market Strategy Cert 2 7 (5) 4 D-1 - 400 7 7 12 (1) (11) 7 7 Total 7 7 83 14,916 (432) (11,795) 7 7 2,772 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries RP-Stock Market 20 14 (7) 27 RP-Stock1 - 941 47 21 (16) 52 
 F-83 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2022 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves RP-Stock2 - 942 142 (10) (114) 18 RP-Stock3 - 943 1,326 (15) (1,056) 255 Market Strategy Cert 29 14 (12) 31 Total 1,564 24 (1,205) 383 Total R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates 61,793 1,507,394 1,538,726 14,940 2,172,618 12,999 (2,024) (1,155,515) (13,000) 78,557 2,535,854 2,568,744 Optional Settlement Certificates Other series and conversions from Single Payment Certificates 2.5-3 - 3-3.5 4,317 127 1 (460) (224) 3,761 Series R-II & RP-2-84 - 88 -Prod 921 3.5 18 1 19 Add l credits and accrued int. thereon 2.5-3 20 1 (2) (1) (1) 17 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries (1) (1) (2) Total Optional Settlement 4,354 129 1 (462) (225) (2) 3,795 Due to unlocated cert holders 429 274 (270) 433 Total Certificate 
 Reserves (1) 
 202,950 5,197,605 5,301,271 53,437 8,297,633 44,797 (15,883) (4,322,626) (44,799) 265,604 9,234,365 9,313,830 
 
 (1) Total certificate reserves does not include Stock Market Certificates embedded derivatives of 3.6 million and 3.9 million or its intrinsic interest of (4.0) million and (4.6) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in Total certificate reserves. 
 F-84 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 2 - Descriptions of Additions to Reserves Charged to 
 Other Accounts and Deductions from Reserves Credited to Other Accounts 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Additional credits on installment certificates and accrued interest thereon Other additions represent Transfers from maturities to extended maturities, additional credits interest and advance payments 108 Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves on a quarterly basis for Reserve Plus Flexible-Payment, IC-Q-Installment and R-Flexible-Payment 106 Optional settlement certificates Other additions represent Transfers from installment certificate reserves (less surrender charges), optional settlement privileges 1 1 Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon 1 Transfers to accruals for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries 1 2 Single-Payment certificates Other additions represent Flexible Savings 26,867 Stepup 40 Cash Reserve-3mo 2,562 Stock Market 20 IC-Stock1 40 IC-Stock2 168 IC-Stock3 1,665 Market Strategy 53 Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 1,109 Flexible Savings-RP 10,606 Stepup-RP 26 Stock Market-RP 8 RP-Stock1 20 RP-Stock2 116 RP-Stock3 1,078 Market Strategy-RP 16 Transfers from accruals at anniversaries maintained in a separate reserve account 20 44,414 
 F-85 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Other deductions represent Transfers to optional settlement reserves Single-Payment 1,943 Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon (20) Flexible Savings 26,870 Stepup 40 Cash Reserve-3mo 2,560 Stock Market 2 Stock1 5 Stock2 6 Stock3 51 Market Strategy Cert 11 Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 1,109 Flexible Savings-RP 10,606 Stepup-RP 26 Stock Market-RP 8 RP-Stock1 20 RP-Stock2 116 RP-Stock3 1,078 Transfers to Federal tax withholding (10) 44,421 Due to unlocated certificate holders Other additions represent Amounts equivalent to payments due certificates holders who could not be located 274 Other deductions represent Payments to certificate holders credited to cash 270 

F-86 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 3 - Information Regarding Installment Certificates 
 MO s Paid Number of Accounts w Certificate Holders Amount of Maturity Value Amount of Reserves Deduction from Reserves Cash Surrenders Prior to Maturity Surrender Other Deductions 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2022 2022 1-12 71 260 5,535 40,887 480 2,219 154 13-24 53 57 784 4,086 656 366 3 25-36 68 39 2,886 135 688 565 5 37-48 86 65 5,367 2,850 804 965 33 49-60 50 77 583 5,260 441 914 102 61-72 69 50 215 583 797 565 73-84 59 67 2,133 203 853 851 10 85-96 52 53 2,976 2,116 561 1,095 46 97-108 44 42 444 924 399 496 18 109-120 40 39 428 359 121-132 294 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180 181-192 193-204 205-216 217-228 229-240 241-252 253-264 265-276 277-288 289-300 301-312 313-324 325-336 337-348 349-360 361-372 373-384 385-396 397-408 409-420 457-468 1 6 5 469-480 1 6 5 TOTAL - ALL SERIES 593 750 20,929 57,050 6,112 8,400 665 

F-87 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Summary of Changes 
 Description December 31, 2021 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Installment certificates 
 Reserves to mature 
 Inst I95 514 4,729 2,183 18 (453) (1,669) 450 4,808 Inst-E 2 2 80 1 82 RP-Q-Installment 1 6 5 2 6 5 RP-Q-Flexible Payment 1 12 11 (11) Inst-R 154 16,085 904 178 3 (84) (205) 139 18,871 796 Inst-R-E 1 2,052 365 55 1 1 2,052 421 Total 
 673 18,155 6,016 2,496 22 (537) (1,885) 593 20,929 6,112 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon 
 Inst I95 
 18 (18) Inst-E 
 Inst-R 
 3 (3) Inst-R-E 
 1 (1) Total 
 22 (22) Res for accrued 3rd year 213 - Installment Prod only Total 
 Total Installment Certificates 673 18,155 6,016 22 2,496 22 (537) (1,885) (22) 593 20,929 6,112 Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates Single - Payment certificates IC-Flexible Savings (Variable Term) - 165 76,211 2,016,223 2,173,581 457,271 5,534 (2,919) (987,748) 56,831 1,587,640 1,645,719 IC - Stepup - 190 233 8,714 9,156 67 (2,589) 161 6,417 6,634 IC-Flexible Savings Emp (VT) - 166 Cash Reserve Variables PMT - 3mo. - 662 72,627 2,147,424 2,176,948 1,561,781 168 (1,912) (1,841,893) 66,659 1,889,641 1,895,092 IC-Stock Market - 180 4,992 34,486 40,128 47 304 (1,527) (11,611) 3,786 23,928 27,341 IC-MSC - 181 4,611 84,522 98,000 1,111 639 (2,610) (23,893) 3,707 64,548 73,247 IC-Stock1 - 210 8,058 68,859 72,075 6,995 496 (24,070) 6,666 53,566 55,496 IC-Stock2 - 220 1,180 21,569 23,090 1,744 856 (9,681) 873 15,295 16,009 IC-Stock3 - 230 2,232 37,824 39,244 812 1,764 (12,471) 1,881 28,247 29,349 Total 
 170,144 4,419,621 4,632,222 2,029,761 9,828 (8,968) (2,913,956) 140,564 3,669,282 3,748,887 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon IC-Flexible Savings 434 5,417 (183) (5,535) 133 IC-Preferred Investors IC-Stepup -190 5 95 (30) (66) 4 Cash Reserve Variable Payment-3mo. 8 200 (32) (168) 8 IC-Stk Mkt, 2004 16 31-4000 16 7 3 (8) 2 IC-Stock1 - 210 10 6 (1) (12) 3 IC-Stock2 - 220 28 9 (32) 5 IC-Stock3 - 230 80 34 (1) (63) 50 IC-MSC 2 9 (12) (1) Total 574 5,773 (247) (5,896) 204 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries 
 F-88 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2021 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves SP 75 (1) (1) IC-Stock 325 48 (2) (295) 76 IC-Stock1 - 210 521 100 (33) (484) 104 IC-Stock2 - 220 1,006 32 (5) (824) 209 IC-Stock3 - 230 3,731 43 (11) (1,702) 2,061 IC-Market Strategy Certificate - Part Int 2019 2102 4061 642 114 (18) (628) 110 Total 6,224 337 (69) (3,933) 2,559 Total Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates 170,144 4,419,621 4,639,020 6,110 2,029,761 9,828 (8,968) (2,914,272) (9,829) 140,564 3,669,282 3,751,650 R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates R-77 - 910 3.5 3 12 24 1 3 12 25 R78 - 911 3.5 3 12 21 1 3 12 22 R-79 - 912 3.5 5 39 67 2 5 39 69 R-80 - 913 3.5 3 21 33 1 3 21 34 R-81 - 914 3.5 1 10 16 1 1 10 17 R-82A - 915 3.5 7 31 39 1 (3) 6 29 37 RP-Q - 916 26 34 109 (8) 25 33 101 R-II - 920 3.5 8 63 62 2 8 63 64 RP-Flexible Savings - 971 34,382 936,701 1,001,464 80,057 2,835 (538) (400,932) 25,455 660,294 682,886 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. - 972 32,551 948,775 982,065 600,338 68 (13) (818,365) 29,957 762,247 764,093 RP-Flexible Savings Emp - 973 1 71 82 1 1 71 83 RP-Stock Market - 960 1,576 15,634 17,840 7 123 (258) (4,614) 1,203 11,668 13,098 RP-Stepup - 940 197 6,000 6,441 73 (3,223) 107 3,119 3,291 RP-Stock1 - 941 3,096 33,363 34,836 3,105 259 (13,713) 2,314 23,580 24,487 RP-Stock2 - 942 821 12,977 13,559 1,892 462 (6,353) 569 9,218 9,560 RP-Stock3 - 943 1,441 22,569 23,205 437 1,084 (7,651) 1,208 16,422 17,075 Market Strategy Cert - 961 1,124 25,645 28,420 198 192 (39) (7,481) 916 19,788 21,290 D-1 990-993 2 853 939 2 (94) 2 761 847 Total 75,247 2,002,810 2,109,222 686,034 5,108 (848) (1,262,437) 61,786 1,507,387 1,537,079 Additional Interest on R-Series Single Payment Reserves R-77 3.5 1 (1) R-78 3.5 1 (1) R-79 3.5 2 (2) R-80 3.5 1 (1) R-81 3.5 1 (1) R-82A 3.5 1 (1) RP-Q R-II 3.5 2 (2) RP-Flexible Savings 213 2,699 (27) (2,834) 51 RP-Stepup - 940 4 70 (73) 1 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. 3 84 (15) (69) 3 RP-Flexible Savings Emp 1 (1) RP-Stock Market 3 1 (3) 1 RP-Stock1 7 5 (10) 2 RP-Stock2 17 5 (20) 2 
 F-89 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2021 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves RP-Stock3 31 13 (23) 21 Market Strategy Cert 5 4 (7) 2 D-1 - 400 7 7 2 (2) 7 7 Total 7 7 283 2,893 (42) (3,051) 7 7 83 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries RP-Stock Market 116 24 (120) 20 RP-Stock1 - 941 255 43 (2) (249) 47 RP-Stock2 - 942 564 19 (441) 142 RP-Stock3 - 943 2,358 29 (1,061) 1,326 Market Strategy Cert 184 33 (2) (186) 29 Total 3,477 148 (4) (2,057) 1,564 Total R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates 75,254 2,002,817 2,112,982 3,041 686,034 5,108 (848) (1,262,483) (5,108) 61,793 1,507,394 1,538,726 Fully Paid Up Certificates Additional credits and accrued interest thereon I-76 3.5 Total Total Fully Paid-up Certificates Optional Settlement Certificates Other series and conversions from Single Payment Certificates 2.5-3 - 3-3.5 5,107 149 (615) (324) 4,317 Series R-II & RP-2-84 - 88 -Prod 921 3.5 17 1 18 Series R-Installent (Prod 980, 981, 982) Add l credits and accrued int. thereon 2.5-3 32 1 (11) (2) 20 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries (1) (1) Total Optional Settlement 5,156 151 (626) (326) (1) 4,354 Due to unlocated cert holders 400 611 (582) 429 Total Certificate 
 Reserves (1) 
 246,071 6,440,593 6,763,574 9,324 2,718,291 15,569 (10,979) (4,178,966) (15,542) 202,950 5,197,605 5,301,271 
 
 (1) Total certificate reserves does not include Stock Market Certificates embedded derivatives of 3.9 million and 8.3 million or its intrinsic interest of (4.6) million and (11.4) million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in Total certificate reserves. 
 F-90 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 2 - Descriptions of Additions to Reserves Charged to 
 Other Accounts and Deductions from Reserves Credited to Other Accounts 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Additional credits on installment certificates and accrued interest thereon Other additions represent Transfers from maturities to extended maturities, additional credits interest and advance payments 22 Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves on a quarterly basis for Reserve Plus Flexible-Payment, IC-Q-Installment and R-Flexible-Payment 22 Optional settlement certificates Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon 1 Single-Payment certificates Other additions represent Flexible Savings 5,534 Stepup 67 Cash Reserve-3mo 168 Stock Market 304 IC-Stock1 496 IC-Stock2 856 IC-Stock3 1,764 Market Strategy 639 RP-Q Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 68 Flexible Savings-RP 2,835 Stepup-RP 73 Flexible Savings-RP-Emp 1 Stock Market-RP 123 RP-Stock1 259 RP-Stock2 462 RP-Stock3 1,084 Market Strategy-RP 192 Transfers from accruals at anniversaries maintained in a separate reserve account 11 14,936 
 F-91 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Other deductions represent Transfers to optional settlement reserves Single-Payment 4,155 Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon (11) Flexible Savings 5,535 Stepup 66 Cash Reserve-3mo 168 Stock Market 8 Stock1 13 Stock2 32 Stock3 64 Market Strategy Cert 12 Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 69 Flexible Savings-RP 2,834 Stepup-RP 73 Flexible Savings-RP-Emp 1 Stock Market-RP 123 RP-Stock1 259 RP-Stock2 461 RP-Stock3 1,084 Transfers to Federal tax withholding (9) 14,937 Due to unlocated certificate holders Other additions represent Amounts equivalent to payments due certificates holders who could not be located 611 Other deductions represent Payments to certificate holders credited to cash 582 

F-92 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 3 - Information Regarding Installment Certificates 
 MO s Paid Number of Accounts w Certificate Holders Amount of Maturity Value Amount of Reserves Deduction from Reserves Cash Surrenders Prior to Maturity Surrender Other Deductions 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2021 2021 1-12 76 71 1,080 5,535 814 480 167 13-24 86 53 3,712 784 626 656 109 25-36 91 68 5,334 2,886 584 688 65 37-48 54 86 593 5,367 396 804 22 49-60 76 50 236 583 912 441 19 61-72 69 69 2,135 215 817 797 36 73-84 57 59 3,006 2,133 473 853 42 85-96 54 52 565 2,976 501 561 40 97-108 54 44 1,476 444 429 399 25 109-120 54 40 448 428 30 121-132 90 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180 181-192 193-204 205-216 217-228 229-240 241-252 253-264 265-276 277-288 289-300 301-312 313-324 325-336 337-348 349-360 361-372 373-384 385-396 397-408 409-420 1 12 11 11 457-468 1 6 5 TOTAL - ALL SERIES 673 593 18,155 20,929 6,016 6,112 656 

F-93 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 1 - Summary of Changes 
 Description December 31, 2020 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Installment certificates 
 Reserves to mature 
 22A 32 (32) Inst I95 600 4,117 2,365 30 (412) (1,371) 514 4,729 Inst-E 1 29 12 (39) 2 2 RP-Q-Installment 1 6 4 1 1 6 5 RP-Q-Flexible Payment 1 12 11 1 12 11 Inst-R 177 23,426 903 158 6 (38) (125) 154 16,085 904 Inst-R-E 1 2,052 307 56 2 1 2,052 365 Total 
 781 25,496 5,371 32 2,591 38 (482) (1,534) 673 18,155 6,016 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon 
 Inst I95 
 30 (30) Inst-E 
 Inst-R 
 6 (6) Inst-R-E 
 2 (2) Total 
 38 (38) Total Installment Certificates 781 25,496 5,371 70 2,591 38 (482) (1,534) (38) 673 18,155 6,016 Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates Single - Payment certificates IC-Flexible Savings (Variable Term) - 165 103,136 2,885,658 2,986,294 530,119 27,892 (1,731) (1,368,993) 76,211 2,016,223 2,173,581 IC - Stepup - 190 309 9,947 10,299 2,702 118 (3,963) 233 8,714 9,156 IC-Flexible Savings Emp (VT) - 166 Cash Reserve Variables PMT - 3mo. - 662 73,450 1,971,489 1,983,413 2,307,746 7,833 (1,823) (2,120,221) 72,627 2,147,424 2,176,948 IC-Stock Market - 180 6,414 45,100 50,955 129 977 (1,629) (10,304) 4,992 34,486 40,128 IC-MSC - 181 5,727 103,885 117,648 1,445 2,070 (3,373) (19,790) 4,611 84,522 98,000 IC-Stock1 - 210 8,368 79,243 81,006 11,652 1,513 (22,096) 8,058 68,859 72,075 IC-Stock2 - 220 1,379 25,555 25,928 3,975 665 (7,478) 1,180 21,569 23,090 IC-Stock3 - 230 2,252 39,535 40,083 4,821 796 (6,456) 2,232 37,824 39,244 Total 
 201,035 5,160,412 5,295,626 2,862,589 41,864 (8,556) (3,559,301) 170,144 4,419,621 4,632,222 Additional credits and accrued interest thereon IC-Flexible Savings 1,912 27,161 (744) (27,895) 434 IC-Preferred Investors IC-Stepup -190 7 139 (23) (118) 5 Cash Reserve Variable Payment-3mo. 709 8,597 (1,487) (7,811) 8 IC-Stk Mkt, 2004 16 31-4000 16 23 16 (32) 7 IC-Stock1 - 210 30 26 (2) (44) 10 IC-Stock2 - 220 34 25 (31) 28 IC-Stock3 - 230 51 42 (13) 80 IC-MSC 20 48 (1) (65) 2 Total 2,786 36,054 (2,257) (36,009) 574 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries SP 75 (1) (1) IC-Stock 1,285 (9) (5) (946) 325 IC-Stock1 - 210 1,958 123 (90) (1,470) 521 
 F-94 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2020 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves IC-Stock2 - 220 1,493 150 (3) (634) 1,006 IC-Stock3 - 230 3,871 643 (783) 3,731 IC-Market Strategy Certificate - Part Int 2019 2102 4061 2,592 113 (59) (2,004) 642 Total 11,199 1,020 (157) (5,838) 6,224 Total Single Pay - Non Qualified Certificates 201,035 5,160,412 5,309,611 37,074 2,862,589 41,864 (8,556) (3,561,715) (41,847) 170,144 4,419,621 4,639,020 R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates R-77 - 910 3.5 3 12 23 1 3 12 24 R78 - 911 3.5 5 26 42 2 (23) 3 12 21 R-79 - 912 3.5 5 39 65 2 5 39 67 R-80 - 913 3.5 4 23 34 1 (2) 3 21 33 R-81 - 914 3.5 2 24 35 1 (20) 1 10 16 R-82A - 915 3.5 8 36 44 1 (6) 7 31 39 RP-Q - 916 30 38 116 (7) 26 34 109 R-II - 920 3.5 8 63 60 2 8 63 62 RP-Flexible Savings - 971 45,821 1,319,131 1,359,076 202,391 13,416 (1,288) (572,131) 34,382 936,701 1,001,464 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. - 972 29,471 689,732 693,653 1,116,296 2,800 (47) (830,637) 32,551 948,775 982,065 RP-Flexible Savings Emp - 973 3 81 92 1 (11) 1 71 82 RP-Stock Market - 960 1,996 20,501 22,605 4 421 (342) (4,848) 1,576 15,634 17,840 RP-Stepup - 940 283 9,619 9,899 126 (3,584) 197 6,000 6,441 RP-Stock1 - 941 3,358 39,055 39,869 5,858 788 (11,679) 3,096 33,363 34,836 RP-Stock2 - 942 920 15,618 15,824 2,635 442 (5,342) 821 12,977 13,559 RP-Stock3 - 943 1,410 24,569 24,908 2,905 520 (5,128) 1,441 22,569 23,205 Market Strategy Cert - 961 1,355 31,852 34,532 562 622 (351) (6,945) 1,124 25,645 28,420 D-1 990-993 4 1,122 1,270 106 9 (59) (387) 2 853 939 Total 84,686 2,151,541 2,202,147 1,330,757 19,155 (2,098) (1,440,739) 75,247 2,002,810 2,109,222 Additional Interest on R-Series Single Payment Reserves R-77 3.5 1 (1) R-78 3.5 1 (1) R-79 3.5 2 (2) R-80 3.5 1 (1) R-81 3.5 1 (1) R-82A 3.5 1 (1) RP-Q R-II 3.5 2 (2) RP-Flexible Savings 876 12,899 (149) (13,413) 213 RP-Stepup - 940 7 124 (1) (126) 4 Cash Reserve RP-3 mo. 246 3,174 (616) (2,801) 3 RP-Flexible Savings Emp 1 (1) RP-Stock Market 9 7 (13) 3 RP-Stock1 22 23 (38) 7 RP-Stock2 18 15 (16) 17 RP-Stock3 18 16 (3) 31 Market Strategy Cert 21 23 (39) 5 D-1 - 400 7 7 10 (10) 7 7 
 F-95 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Description December 31, 2020 Yield to maturity on an annual payment basis Balance at beginning of period Additions Deductions Balance at close of period No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Charged to profit and loss or income Reserve payments by certificate holders Charged to other accounts (per part 2) Maturities Cash surrenders prior to maturity Credited to other accounts (per part 2) No. of accounts with security holders Amount of maturity value Amount of reserves Total 7 7 1,217 16,301 (767) (16,468) 7 7 283 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries RP-Stock Market 555 (30) (1) (408) 116 RP-Stock1 - 941 954 56 (5) (750) 255 RP-Stock2 - 942 913 80 (2) (427) 564 RP-Stock3 - 943 2,487 388 (517) 2,358 Market Strategy Cert 748 26 (6) (584) 184 Total 5,657 520 (14) (2,686) 3,477 Total R-Series Single Pay - Qualified Certificates 84,693 2,151,548 2,209,021 16,821 1,330,757 19,155 (2,098) (1,441,520) (19,154) 75,254 2,002,817 2,112,982 Fully Paid Up Certificates Additional credits and accrued interest thereon I-76 3.5 Total Total Fully Paid-up Certificates Optional Settlement Certificates Other series and conversions from Single Payment Certificates 2.5-3 - 3-3.5 5,398 166 (363) (94) 5,107 Series R-II & RP-2-84 - 88 -Prod 921 3.5 17 17 Series R-Installment (Prod 980, 981, 982) Add l credits and accrued int. thereon 2.5-3 41 1 (8) (2) 32 Accrued for additional credits to be allowed at next anniversaries 1 (1) Total Optional Settlement 5,456 168 (371) (96) (1) 5,156 Due to unlocated cert holders 439 1,125 (1,164) 400 Total Certificate 
 Reserves (1) 
 286,509 7,337,456 7,529,898 54,133 4,195,937 62,182 (11,507) (5,004,865) (62,204) 246,071 6,440,593 6,763,574 
 
 (1) Total certificate reserves does not include Stock Market Certificates embedded derivatives of 8.3 million and 14.0 million or its intrinsic interest of (11.4) million and (21.6) million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These amounts are included in Total certificate reserves. 

F-96 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 2 - Descriptions of Additions to Reserves Charged to Other Accounts and Deductions from Reserves 
 Credited to Other Accounts 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Additional credits on installment certificates and accrued interest thereon Other additions represent Transfers from maturities to extended maturities, additional credits interest and advance payments 38 Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves on a quarterly basis for Reserve Plus Flexible-Payment, IC-Q-Installment and R-Flexible-Payment 38 Optional settlement certificates Other deductions represent Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon 1 Single-Payment certificates Other additions represent Flexible Savings 27,892 Stepup 118 Cash Reserve-3mo 7,833 Stock Market 977 IC-Stock1 1,513 IC-Stock2 665 IC-Stock3 796 Market Strategy 2,070 Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 2,800 Flexible Savings-RP 13,416 Stepup-RP 126 Flexible Savings-RP-Emp 1 Stock Market-RP 421 RP-Stock1 788 RP-Stock2 442 RP-Stock3 520 Market Strategy-RP 622 Transfers from accruals at anniversaries maintained in a separate reserve account 19 61,019 
 F-97 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Other deductions represent Transfers to optional settlement reserves Single-Payment 6,493 Transfers to reserves for additional credits and accrued interest thereon (19) Flexible Savings 27,899 Stepup 118 Cash Reserve-3mo 7,813 Stock Market 33 Stock1 46 Stock2 31 Stock3 13 Market Strategy Cert 67 Cash Reserve-RP-3mo 2,801 Flexible Savings-RP 13,414 Stepup-RP 126 Flexible Savings-RP-Emp 1 Stock Market-RP 421 RP-Stock1 788 RP-Stock2 443 RP-Stock3 520 Transfers to Federal tax withholding (7) 61,001 Due to unlocated certificate holders Other additions represent Amounts equivalent to payments due certificates holders who could not be located 1,125 Other deductions represent Payments to certificate holders credited to cash 1,164 
 
 F-98 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VI Certificate Reserves (continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Part 3 - Information Regarding Installment Certificates MO s Paid Number of Accounts w Certificate Holders Amount of Maturity Value Amount of Reserves Deduction from Reserves Cash Surrenders Prior to Maturity Surrender Other Deductions 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2020 2020 1-12 103 76 7,557 1,081 468 814 13-24 113 86 7,289 3,713 457 626 22 25-36 63 91 653 5,335 337 585 32 37-48 86 54 322 594 682 397 41 49-60 72 76 2,135 237 713 912 23 61-72 66 70 3,075 2,135 530 817 7 73-84 62 57 2,377 3,006 480 473 34 85-96 72 54 1,908 566 611 501 35 97-108 72 54 162 1,476 584 430 35 109-120 70 54 493 449 96 121-132 139 133-144 145-156 157-168 169-180 181-192 193-204 205-216 217-228 229-240 241-252 253-264 265-276 277-288 289-300 301-312 313-324 325-336 337-348 349-360 361-372 373-384 385-396 397-408 1 12 11 409-420 1 12 12 433-444 1 6 5 TOTAL - ALL SERIES 781 673 25,496 18,155 5,371 6,016 464 
 F-99 

Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 Schedule VII Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

 Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply Year Ended December 31, 2022 Balance at beginning of period 
 Change in allowance writedowns from 2021 to 2022 Balance at end of period Allowance for credit losses Conventional first mortgage loans and other loans 1,518 (46) 1,472 
 Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply Year Ended December 31, 2021 Balance at beginning of period 
 Change in allowance writedowns from 2020 to 2021 Balance at end of period Allowance for losses Conventional first mortgage loans and other loans 3,190 (1,672) 1,518 
 Reserves deducted from assets to which they apply Year Ended December 31, 2020 Balance at beginning of period (1) 
 Cumulative effect of adoption of current expected credit losses guidance Change in reserves writedowns from 2019 to 2020 Balance at end of period Allowance for losses Conventional first mortgage loans and other loans 3,022 (771) 939 3,190 
 
 (1) Prior to January 1, 2020, the allowance for credit losses was based on an incurred loss model that did not require estimating expected credit losses over the expected life of the asset. 
 F-100 

<EX-10.N>
 2
 exhibit10n-12312022.htm
 EX-10.N

exhibit10n-12312022 

Page 1 of 7 REWARDS FULFILLMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT This Rewards Fulfillment Services Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of the December 1, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between Ameriprise Bank, FSB, having its home offices at 707 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, Hennepin County, MN 55402 Bank and Ameriprise Certificate Company, having offices at 707 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, Hennepin County, MN Company ). WHEREAS, Bank and Company are both wholly owned subsidiaries of Ameriprise Financial, Inc.; and WHEREAS, Bank and Company wish to engage each other regarding certain Ameriprise rewards fulfillment services, as described herein; and WHEREAS, the Parties intend that the Services to be provided as further defined herein will be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Parties are affiliates for purposes of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c 371c-1) as implemented by Regulation W of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (12 C.F.R. Part 223) and as made applicable to the Bank by Section 11(a) of the Home Owners Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1468(a)) (together, the Transactions with Affiliates Rules ), and, therefore, are subject to the limitations on transactions with affiliates under the Transactions with Affiliates Rules, which require, among other things, that certain transactions between Bank and Company be conducted on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards and fees, that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to Bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving unaffiliated companies, or, in the absence of such comparable transactions, that in good faith would be offered to, or would apply to, unaffiliated companies. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Bank and Company agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning hereinafter defined: Applicable Law means all laws, statutes, rules and regulations of any federal or state government or body having jurisdiction over the Parties or that apply to the Services. Customer Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). Indemnified Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8. OCC means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Parties means both Ameriprise Bank, FSB and Ameriprise Certificate Company. Party means either Ameriprise Bank, FSB or Ameriprise Certificate Company, as applicable. Party Data means data and information supplied to Servicing Party by Receiving Party for purposes of using the Services. Receiving Party means the Party that obtains Services from Servicing Party pursuant to the Agreement. 

Page 2 of 7 Services shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. Servicing Party means the Party that provides Services to Receiving Party pursuant to this Agreement. Transactions with Affiliates Rules shall have the meaning set forth in the fourth recital above. Transition Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). Section 2. Services. (a) Pursuant to the terms of the Co-brand Credit Card Agreement between Bank and U.S. Bank National Association d/b/a Elan Financial Services dated February 13, 2019, as amended, (the Card Agreement ), the Bank has agreed to establish and maintain a rewards program throughout its term Rewards Program and has entered into an agreement with a rewards program provider for the servicing and management of the Rewards Program. (b) As part of the Rewards Program, the Bank makes available a range of redemption options in exchange for points earned under the Rewards Program. (c) As part of the available redemption options, the Company agrees to support and provide a credit to a client s existing certificate account in exchange for the redemption of a defined value of rewards points under the Rewards Program. Section 3. Fulfillment of Services. (a) The Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to perform their respective roles and responsibilities under this Agreement. (b) The Parties shall assist each other and provide information and assistance reasonably requested by a Party to successfully effectuate the Services under this Agreement, to respond to any inquiries or complaints from a Party or any of its customers, and to otherwise ensure that Services are provided at a high level of quality in a cost-effective manner. (c) In no event shall a Party engage in any activity in connection with their roles and responsibilities under this Agreement that would violate Applicable Law. (d) A Party shall promptly provide the other Party all such information and reports as may be reasonably requested to audit, balance, verify and reconcile its activities and compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Section 4. Fees and Expenses. In connection with performance of the Services outlined in this Agreement, Bank shall pay Company in an amount equal to the credit made by Company into a client s certificate account. Bank shall reduce the client s rewards points balance in the Rewards Program in an amount equal to the credit provided by Company. Section 5. Records, Reports, and Audits. A Servicing Party shall create and maintain accurate books and records for its Services in accordance with Applicable Law and industry practice. A Servicing Party shall make all records, reports (including internal audit reports and independent, third- party audit reports) and other information created, maintained and produced in connection with this Agreement available to Receiving Party, its agents and regulatory authorities that have jurisdiction over 

Page 3 of 7 Receiving Party, and Servicing Party agrees to submit to and provide cooperation and assistance to Receiving Party in connection with any examination of Receiving Party conducted by such regulatory authorities. Also, at such times and in such formats as Receiving Party shall reasonably request, Servicing Party shall furnish Receiving Party with any and all statements and reports customarily produced in connection with Services. In addition, at the end of each month, Servicing Party shall provide, if applicable, a complaint resolution log detailing any consumer complaints regarding Services (including copies of any written complaints received) and the action taken to resolve such complaints. Servicing Party shall be solely responsible for the expenses associated with such recordkeeping, reports, statements and logs. Section 6. Safeguarding Customer Information. (a) A Servicing Party acknowledges and agrees that, solely to enable Servicing Party to perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, Receiving Party may provide to Servicing Party nonpublic personal information, as such term is defined in Section 509 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and regulations promulgated thereunder, and information and data derived therefrom, concerning customers of Receiving Party (such Party Data being, collectively, Customer Information ). Servicing Party further acknowledges and agrees that it shall have the right to use Customer Information solely to fulfill and perform its obligations under this Agreement and otherwise comply with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to Servicing Party. Servicing Party shall have no right to use, reuse or disclose any Customer Information to any person or entity for any reason not specifically permitted under this Agreement. Servicing Party agrees to establish and maintain appropriate controls and measures designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of Customer Information, to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security and integrity of such information, and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information, all designed to meet the guidelines set forth at 12 C.F.R. Part 30 Appendix B. Servicing Party further agrees to require any third-party service provider utilized by Servicing Party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to also agree in writing to establish and maintain such controls and measures and to maintain the confidentiality of Customer Information to the same extent required of Servicing Party. Upon Receiving Party s request, Servicing Party shall promptly provide audit reports, written test results and such other information reasonably requested by Receiving Party concerning its compliance with this Section 6(a). If Receiving Party reasonably determines that additional monitoring of Servicing Party s information security measures is appropriate, it may, upon reasonable notice, conduct an audit of Servicing Party to determine whether Servicing Party is satisfying its obligations regarding information security. Servicing Party shall promptly provide Receiving Party with complete information regarding any failure of such controls and measures or any security breach related to Customer Information. (b) Subject to Section 6(a) above, the Parties agree that Party Data furnished by a Party to the other Party shall be received in confidence and kept confidential by the other Party and used by the other Party only for the purpose of providing or receiving Services under this Agreement. The confidentiality obligations of this Section 6(b) do not apply to the extent that such information (i) is already lawfully known to the other Party when received; (ii) thereafter becomes lawfully known from other sources; (iii) is disclosed to affiliates, auditors, agents, third party service providers or counsel or is voluntarily disclosed to regulators or rating agencies, provided that such entity or person has agreed in writing or is required by law to keep such information confidential, or (iv) is required by Applicable Law or court order to be disclosed by the other Party, provided that prior notice of such disclosure (other than to its affiliates, auditors, counsel, regulators or rating agencies) has been given to the other Party by the Party required to make disclosure, when legally permissible, and the Party required to make the disclosure shall (1) provide sufficient notice to permit the other Party to take legal action to prevent the disclosure and (2) to the extent reasonably practicable, cause the entity or person receiving such information to keep it confidential. 

Page 4 of 7 (c) Servicing Party shall retain Party Data in accordance with Servicing Party s then- prevailing record retention policy. Servicing Party may, in conformity with such policy, dispose of media containing Receiving Party data in any manner deemed appropriate by Servicing Party. (d) Servicing Party shall maintain a business continuity plan, including plans for disaster recovery, emergency preparedness and business resumption, all designed in accordance with industry standards. Servicing Party shall be solely responsible for the preparation, periodic testing, review and implementation of disaster recovery, emergency preparedness and business resumption plans, and the expenses associated with such plans. Such periodic testing shall occur at least annually. Receiving Party reserves the right to review a copy of Servicing Party s disaster recovery, emergency preparedness and business resumption plans and participate in such testing. (e) The Parties agree that all information provided to it in connection with this Agreement from the other Party shall be considered confidential and proprietary information Confidential Information and shall not be disclosed to any third party without the prior written consent of the Party providing the Confidential Information (the Disclosing Party ). Confidential Information shall include, without limitation: business operations, financial condition or assets, including, but not limited to, technical, developmental, marketing, analysis reports, sales, operating, performance, cost, know-how, documentation, marketing strategies and targeting methods, business objectives, customer and process information, computer programming techniques, and any record bearing media containing or disclosing such information and techniques of the Disclosing Party or its subcontractors or third party providers. Confidential Information shall also include, without limitation the names, addresses, and demographic, behavioral, and credit information relating to customers of the Bank. All consumer report, credit information, and non-experience information from customer applications will be treated as Confidential Information and shall not be shared with third parties or the Bank s corporate affiliates, subsidiaries or parents of the Bank without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. The Party receiving Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party shall use Confidential Information only for the purpose of performing the terms of the Agreement and shall not accumulate in any way or make use of Confidential Information for any other purpose. Servicing Party shall ensure that only its employees, authorized agents, or subcontractors who are on a strict need to know such Confidential Information to perform this Agreement will receive Confidential Information and that such persons agree to be bound by the provisions of this Section and maintain the existence of this Agreement and the nature of their obligations hereunder strictly confidential. In addition, Servicing Party agrees that data coming from Receiving Party will be kept in a secure, segregated manner. Receiving Party s client information must be restricted to authorized resources and users. Section 7. Termination and Transition Services. (a) Term and Termination. The Agreement shall be effective for a term of five (5) years (the Initial Term ). Unless either Party provides written notice of termination to the other Party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year each (each a Renewal Term ). Unless either Party provides written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of any Renewal Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for a successive Renewal Term. Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon 60 days prior written notice to the other Party. In addition, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party following a material breach by the other Party of an obligation contained in this Agreement that is not cured within 30 days after receipt of written notice of such breach. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Bank may terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice to Company in the event the OCC formally objects to this Agreement. Company may not terminate this Agreement upon (i) the 

Page 5 of 7 commencement of a Party s voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or unwinding, (ii) a Party becoming disaffiliated from the other Party or its Ameriprise affiliates, or (iii) any other voluntary or involuntary resolution proceeding with respect to a Party or a Party otherwise enters into voluntary or involuntary liquidation or an orderly wind-down pursuant to a resolution plan applicable to it, provided that such Party continues to adhere to its payment obligations under the Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall not release any Party from liability for any breach by it prior to such termination of any covenant, agreement, obligation, representation or warranty contained herein. All provisions of this Agreement relating to indemnification, confidentiality (including Customer Information) and payment obligations that have accrued prior to termination shall survive termination of this Agreement. (b) Transition Services. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Servicing Party shall continue to provide the related Services for 120 days following the termination effective date of this Agreement (the Transition Period ), and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect during the Transition Period. During the Transition Period, Servicing Party shall cooperate with Receiving Party and provide reasonable assistance to the Receiving Party to enable an orderly and efficient transfer of the related Services to Receiving Party or its designee. Servicing Party shall be paid a reasonable fee determined by the Parties for providing such assistance; provided, however, Servicing Party shall provide such assistance at its own cost and expense if (i) this Agreement is terminated as a result of a breach by Servicing Party or (ii) Servicing Party terminates this Agreement without cause. Section 8. Indemnification. Each Party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party and such other Party s officers, employees, directors and agents (the Indemnified Parties from and against any and all losses, costs, expenses, fees, claims, damages, liabilities and causes of action (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) resulting or arising from its: (a) breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this or (b) willful misconduct, fraud, criminal activity, intentional tort or negligence. Section 9. Authority. Each of the Parties hereby represents that it is duly authorized and empowered to execute, deliver, and perform this Agreement, that its performance of its obligations hereunder does not conflict with or violate any provision of Applicable Law, contract or other instrument to which it is a Party, and that this Agreement is a valid and binding obligation enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms. Section 10. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. (b) The Parties agree that reasonable notice will be provided to the other Party when either Party experiences a financial difficulty, significant incident, service disruption, or significant change in strategy that could affect the other Party s performance under this Agreement. (c) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the procedural and substantive laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to any choice of law principles. Any claim or action brought by one of the Parties in connection with this Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate federal or state court located in Hennepin County, Minnesota. (d) The Parties acknowledge and agree that the relationship between them is solely that of independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement is to be construed to constitute the Parties 

Page 6 of 7 as employer/employee, franchisor/franchisee, agent/principal, partners, joint ventures, co-owners or otherwise as participants in a joint or common undertaking. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as if Company is performing management functions for Bank or making management decisions for Bank. (e) This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, either Party may assign this Agreement to an affiliate without the prior written consent of the other Party, provided that the assigning Party and such affiliate execute an agreement under which such affiliate assumes the assigning Party s obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement. (f) The Parties acknowledge and agree that Bank is a federal savings bank and is subject to examination and regulation by the OCC and may be required to provide notification to the OCC that it has entered into this Agreement. Company agrees to cooperate with Bank regulator s examination and oversight in connection with the Agreement and the Services performed under the Agreement. (g) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no Party shall be liable to another Party to the extent fulfillment or performance of any terms or provisions of this Agreement is delayed or prevented by an act of God, war, act of terrorism, civil commotion, fire or other casualty, power outages, general shortages of labor, materials or equipment, public health emergency or pandemic, government regulations or other cause beyond the reasonable control of such Party. (h) All notices to any of the Parties are to be made in writing and are to be delivered by person, U.S. Mail, courier, facsimile or electronic mail at the following points of contact: If to the Bank: President Ameriprise Bank, FSB One World Trade Center 78th Floor New York, NY 10007 Facsimile Number: 212-437-8666 Electronic Mail Address: abu.m.arif@ampf.com If to ACC: Treasurer Ameriprise Certificate Company 707 2nd Ave S Minneapolis, MN 55474 Electronic Mail Address: shweta.j.jhanji@amf.com All notices are deemed delivered and received upon receipt. Either Party may change the address(es) or addressee(s) for notice hereunder upon written notice to the other Party. (i) No waiver of any right under this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing executed by the Party against which enforcement of such waiver is sought. Any waiver shall be effective only for the specific circumstances with respect to which the waiver was provided and shall in no way act as a waiver of future rights. 

Page 7 of 7 (j) No provision of this Agreement may be amended, altered or modified unless agreed to in writing by both Parties. (k) If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable by reason of any rule of law, administrative order, judicial decision or public policy, all other provisions of this Agreement shall nonetheless remain in full force and effect. (l) The headings in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict or modify any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof. (m) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. (n) This Agreement shall supersede any and all prior agreements thereto, representations and understandings between the Parties, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Bank and Company have caused this Agreement to be executed on their behalf by their duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date. AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY AMERIPRISE BANK, FSB By: _/s/ Shweta Jhanji__________ By: __/s/ Abu Arif_____________ Name: Shweta Jhanji Name: Abu Arif Title: Treasurer Title: President and Chief Executive Officer Date: __December 6, 2022______ Date: ___December 6, 2022_____ 

</EX-10.N>

<EX-14.B>
 3
 exhibit14b-12312022.htm
 EX-14.B

exhibit14b-12312022 

COLUMBIA THREADNEEDLE INVESTMENTS GLOBAL PERSONAL ACCOUNT DEALING AND CODE OF ETHICS Policy Type Global Policy Last Review Date November 2022 Applicable Global Regulatory Authorities SEC Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act SEC Rule 17j-1 of the Investment Company Act FCA Rule Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) 11.7 Securities and Futures Act MAS guidelines on Risk Management Practices-Internal Controls MAS Guidelines on Individual Accountability and Conduct Code of Conduct for Persons licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act known as the Volcker Rule JFSA Comprehensive Guideline for Supervision of Financial Instruments Business Operators, etc. Japan Investment Advisors Association self-regulation Related Policies See Appendix C-Other Policies Applicable to Covered Persons Applicability and Scope All Covered Persons and certain household members, trusteeships and executorships of Covered Persons. See Appendix B-Entities That Have Adopted Policy 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. 1. POLICY STATEMENT 1.1. Keys Points Standard of Business Conduct: The conduct of personal dealings in investments by Covered Persons (See Appendix A-Definitions for Covered Persons definition) employed by or affiliated with the Ameriprise Global Asset Management Entities1 (the Firms is a matter of the utmost importance to the organization, its clients, its regulators and to employees themselves. It is essential that the Firms appropriately manage access to privileged information concerning clients portfolios, the Firms trading intentions and trading activities, and that the Firms discharge their duties in a way that does not harm the interests of clients, the Firms or breach any legal or regulatory requirements. It is important that the Firms are not seen to act on privileged information for personal gain. Duty Owed to Clients: Various regulations applicable to the Firms impose a fiduciary duty to act in the exclusive best interest of their clients at all times recognizing their role as a Trusted Adviser . A number of specific obligations flow from the duty that is owed to clients, including: To act solely in the best interests of clients at all times. To make full and fair disclosure of all material facts, particularly where the Firms interests may conflict with those of its clients. To act in a manner which satisfies the fiduciary duty owed to clients. To refrain from favouring the interest of a particular client over the interests of another client. To keep all information about clients (including former clients) confidential, including the client s identity, client s securities holdings information, and other non-public information. To exercise a high degree of care to ensure that adequate and accurate representations and other information is presented appropriately. In connection with providing investment management services to clients, this includes prohibiting any activity which directly or indirectly: Defrauds a client in any manner. Misleads a client, including any statement that omits material facts. Operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on a client. Functions as a manipulative practice with respect to a client. Functions as a manipulative practice with respect to securities. Specifically, the fiduciary duty owed to clients means the following outcomes must be achieved: To have a reasonable, independent basis for investment advice. To ensure that investment advice is suitable to the client s investment objectives, needs and circumstances. 1 See Appendix B-Entities That Have Adopted Policy 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. To refrain from effecting Personal Securities Transactions inconsistent with clients interests. To obtain best execution for clients securities transactions. Conflicts of Interest: All Covered Persons must be vigilant in terms of identifying circumstances that may present a conflict of interest. A conflict of interest is any situation that presents an incentive to act other than in the best interest of a client or without objectivity. A conflict of interest may arise, for example, when a Covered Person engages in a transaction that potentially favors: The Firms interests over a client s interest The interest of a Covered Person over a client s interest One client s interest over another client s interest In addition to this Ameriprise Global Asset Management Personal Account Dealing and Code of Ethics Policy Policy ), the Firms have adopted various policies designed to prevent, or otherwise manage, conflicts of interest in contexts outside of personal trading. To effectively manage conflicts of interest, all Covered Persons must seek to prevent conflicts of interest, including the appearance of a conflict. The requirements set forth in this Policy do not identify all possible conflicts of interest that may arise in relation to personal transactions. Employees are encouraged to seek assistance from Personal Trade Compliance whenever they have any questions concerning obligations under the Policy, including conflicts of interest situations or concerns. Additional Standards of Conduct and Regulatory Requirements: Covered Persons must comply with other policies adopted by the individual Ameriprise Global Asset Management Entities that are intended to promote fair and ethical standards of business conduct and comply with related regulatory requirements, including the Ameriprise Financial Global Code of Conduct. (See Appendix C-Other Policies Applicable to Covered Persons). 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. 1.2. Specific Policy Requirements This Policy applies to all Covered Persons and certain household members, Trusteeships and Executorships of Covered Persons. Covered Persons include: All global Columbia Threadneedle employees and contractors. Any other individual with a specific role (including working on a project) which compels Covered Person status due to access to proprietary information (e.g., holdings/transactions), such as the member of a staff group that provides ongoing audit, technology, finance, compliance, or legal support to Firms. Any other persons that may be deemed appropriate by Compliance. Covered Securities Transactions/Accounts: This Policy governs a Covered Person s personal securities transactions as well as those securities transactions in which a Covered Person is deemed to have a direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership (see Appendix A-Definitions for Beneficial Ownership definition) and over which a Covered Person exercises direct or indirect influence or control Affiliated Accounts ). An account generally is covered by this Policy if it is: In the Covered Person s name In the name of the Covered Person s spouse/partner and/or any financially dependent members of the Covered Person s household, Of a partnership in which the Covered Person or a member of his/her immediate family is a partner with direct or indirect investment discretion Of a trust in which the Covered Person (or a member of his/her immediate family) is a beneficiary and a trustee with direct or indirect investment discretion Of a closely held corporation in which the Covered Person or a member of his/her immediate family holds shares and have direct or indirect investment discretion It is the responsibility of the Covered Person to seek advice in the event that it is not clear whether certain personal securities transactions are covered by this Policy. Material Nonpublic Information: A Covered Person who is in possession of material nonpublic information (often referred to as Inside Information about securities or financial instruments is prohibited from buying, selling, recommending or trading such securities or financial instruments. In addition, a Covered Person must not communicate or disclose such information to others who may misuse it. Material nonpublic information may include nonpublic information about a pooled investment vehicle (e.g., UCITS, open-end and closed-end mutual funds, and private funds) that are advised or sub-advised by the Firm. The Firms each have adopted specific policies that address these prohibitions, and set forth specific protocols for handling material nonpublic information (see Appendix C-Other Policies Applicable to Covered Persons) 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Disclosure of Brokerage Accounts Covered Persons must promptly disclose their brokerage accounts to their Firm s Compliance group and ensure that each broker-dealer with which he/she maintains an account sends to the Compliance group, as soon as practicable, copies of all confirmations of securities transactions and of all monthly, quarterly and annual account statements. In order to comply with regulatory expectations concerning the monitoring of trading activity within Covered Persons accounts, there are requirements on where brokerage accounts may be maintained for the trading of certain types of securities. Please refer to Appendix H Limited Choice Policy for specific information by region. Notification of Brokerage Accounts Covered Persons must immediately report any brokerage accounts opened by completing the following steps: Add the account to the PTA system using the Add Brokerage Account functionality. Notify your broker of your association with Ameriprise Financial or Columbia Threadneedle. You are responsible for notifying your broker that you are affiliated with or employed by a broker/dealer and ensuring that Personal Trade Compliance is provided with duplicate statements and confirmations for your account(s). North America employees any brokerage account outside of Limited Choice brokers (as listed in Appendix H) for example, a brokerage account holding mutual funds only, must be approved by Personal Trade Compliance prior to establishing the account in order to comply with FINRA rule 3210. UK/APAC employees Employees are required to authorize the electronic feeds, when applicable, between the approved brokers listed in Appendix H and Columbia Threadneedle Investments. Personal Trading Restrictions Prohibition on Front Running : Covered Persons are prohibited from engaging in a Personal Securities Transaction that involves the purchase or sale of a Reportable Security when such Covered Person has knowledge that such security (1) is being considered for purchase or sale by a client account or (2) is being purchased or sold by a client account. Prior Approval (Pre-Clearance) of Personal Security Transactions: Covered Persons must obtain approval often referred to as pre-clearance - from Compliance prior to effecting a securities trade in most categories of investments. This pre-clearance requirement extends to securities transactions in all accounts for which the Covered Person has Beneficial Ownership (see Appendix A-Definitions). If the Covered Person receives pre-clearance approval, it is valid only for the duration of the locally defined approval period; in North America preclearance is good only for the day it is granted, in EMEA/APAC preclearance is good for the day granted and until the end of the following business day. If a Covered Person does not effect the pre-cleared personal trade(s) within that locally approved time period, the Covered Person must request and obtain pre-clearance for the proposed personal trade(s) again before the trade(s) are effected. If the Covered Person does not receive pre-clearance approval, he/she must not effect the requested Personal Securities Transaction (but may request approval on a subsequent day). Covered Persons are required to obtain such pre-clearance approval for the majority of investments (e.g., stocks, bonds, Exchange Traded Funds ETFs ), closed-end funds, investment trusts). Please refer to Appendix E-Individual Security Requirements which identifies those categories of investments to which pre-clearance is or is not applicable. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Private Placements/Limited Offerings: Investments in private placement offerings require approval by the Compliance group (e.g., private placements, non-exchange traded REITs, hedge funds, fixed income new issues, unlisted structured products, non-charity crowdfunding, etc.). If approved, the approval is good for 90 days. Gifts and Charitable Donations: Approval is not necessary for a gift of securities to a Non-Profit Organization, but Compliance should be notified in advance and the Short-Term and 14-day Blackout rules do not apply. For gifting securities to a For-Profit Organization, individual, trust or other person or entity (other than a Non-Profit Organization), the pre-clearance requirement and 14-day Blackout rule do apply if you are purchasing the securities you intend to give. If the securities are already owned, the transfer of securities does not require pre-clearance. If you receive a gift of securities, you must update your holdings on PTA and no pre-clearance is required. Short-Term Trading Prohibition (30 Day Holding Period) Individual Securities at a Profit: Covered Persons are prohibited from engaging in short-term trading of Reportable Securities. This means that Covered Persons may not buy (or add to their existing position), then sell the same securities (or equivalent) within 30 calendar days if the trade would result in a gain. Covered Persons must wait until calendar day 31 (Trade Date + 30) to trade out of a position at a profit within the same account. Covered Funds and other Pooled Investment Vehicles: A Covered Person is prohibited from short term trading in any Covered Fund (e.g., mutual fund, SICAV, OEIC, or other pooled investment vehicle, see Appendix F-Covered Funds List) held for less than 30 calendar days, or a longer time if specified in the Covered Fund s prospectus or similar disclosure document. Covered Persons are prohibited from engaging in market timing (short-term trading) in shares of any pooled investment vehicles and must comply with the holding period policy established by any prospectus. Transactions exempted from short-term trading prohibitions: Money market fund investments, automated investments and withdrawal programs, and Dividend Reinvestments are not subject to the 30-day holding period. Initial Public Offerings IPOs and Limited Offerings/Private Placements: Equity IPOs in North America are prohibited including direct purchased programs. Covered Persons are required to obtain pre-clearance approval to purchase IPOs or Limited Offerings/Private Placements, including additions to existing holdings but excluding capital calls for previously approved commitments. Such approval will only be granted when 1) it is determined that the investment in a private fund (if a proprietary private fund) meets the applicable banking regulatory requirements2 and 2) it is established that there is no conflict or appearance of a conflict with any Client or other possible impropriety (such as where the Security in the Limited Offering is appropriate for purchase by a Client, or when his/her participation in the Limited Offering is suggested by a person who has a business relationship with any such Company or expects to establish such a relationship). The 30-day holding period also applies to IPOs. 2 The review of applicability of banking requirements will occur during the subscription process. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Cryptocurrency3: Transactions: Transactions in cryptocurrency, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Lite Coin etc., do not require reporting. However, transactions in any publicly traded cryptocurrency tracker instrument, such as Grayscale s Bitcoin Investment Trust GBTC ), require pre-clearance approval, must be held and traded at an approved broker (See Appendix H Limited Choice Policy). Accounts: Cryptocurrency accounts are not reportable and must be at firms that offer ONLY cryptocurrency investments. Accounts at firms that also offer brokerage options are prohibited. Initial Coin Offerings ICOs ): Participation in ICOs is prohibited. Participation in Investment Clubs: No Covered Person may participate in private investment clubs or other similar groups. Derivatives: Covered Persons are strongly discouraged from investing in any form of derivative that could give rise to an open ended, unlimited liability. Most derivative trading is subject to pre-clearance requirements, option trading guidelines and the Short-Term Trading Prohibition. (See Appendix G-Options/Short Trading Guidelines). Frequent and Unusual Trading Activity: Compliance monitors patterns of personal trading activity and may require additional information from a Covered Person with respect to a specific trade or series of transactions. In addition, frequent personal trading activity is strongly discouraged. Although each situation is case specific, we generally review trading amounts over 25 trades per quarter for further analysis, which could result in corrective measures. Columbia Wanger Asset Management (CWAM) Specific Trading Restrictions: No CWAM Covered Person shall purchase any Reportable Security that is owned by a CWAM Client Account (excluding ETFs). 3 Personal Trade Compliance continues to monitor the evolving digital assets/cryptocurrency space and the impact on Covered Persons under the Policy. These requirements may change if regulatory guidance or rules should be provided. All Covered Persons are encouraged to contact Personal Trade Compliance prior to transacting in any form of digital assets/cryptocurrency to ensure compliance with the latest regulatory and firm guidance/requirements. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Additional Trading Restrictions for Investment Personnel Rules Applicable to Portfolio Managers and other Designated Covered Persons: 14 Day Blackout Period: Portfolio Managers (and other Covered Persons specifically identified by Compliance) are not permitted to transact in any security that is purchased or sold in a client account 7 calendar days before and 7 calendar days after a client account they manage trades in that same (or equivalent) security. This means a Portfolio Manager (and other Designated Covered Persons) must wait until calendar day 8 to trade the security. Application of this rule may be applied broader based on team function and location. Because it is a Portfolio Manager s responsibility to put his/her client s interests ahead of his/her own, he/she may not delay taking appropriate action for a client account in order to avoid potential adverse consequences in his/her personal account. In certain limited instances, Compliance, at their discretion, may determine that a trade should be deemed to have not caused a black out violation (e.g., unexpected significant client redemption or inflow triggering a sale or purchase in all securities held in the client portfolio). Rules Applicable to Research Analysts: Centralised Research Analysts (those who publish research for the use by Columbia Threadneedle) are prohibited from engaging in a personal securities transaction that involves securities issued by issuers on their Coverage List at the security (not issuer) level. This restriction includes securities convertible into, options on, and derivatives of, such securities. Embedded Research Analysts-should the analyst have access to place an order within a fund they will be subject to the same blackout period as a Portfolio Manager (see above). Rules Applicable to Trading Personnel: 3 Day Blackout Period: Traders are not permitted to transact in any security that is purchased or sold in a client account 3 calendar days after the client transaction. This means a Trader must wait until calendar day 4 to trade the security. Application of this rule may be adjusted based on team function and location. Rules applicable to Ameriprise Shares: All employees at band level 50 and above are subject to a blackout period of trading Ameriprise shares. The blackout occurs on the first calendar day of January, April, July, and October and lasts until one full trading day after the Ameriprise earnings for the preceding quarter are publicly released. During this period employees are restricted from trading any Ameriprise shares. All applicable employees will receive emails notifying of the start and end date of the blackout. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. 1.3. Reporting Requirements Initial Holdings Report and Certification: Upon becoming a Covered Person under this Policy, one must disclose all securities holdings (as indicated in Appendix E-Individual Securities Requirements) in which they have Beneficial Ownership (as defined in Appendix A-Definitions). All brokerage accounts must be disclosed. All Covered Persons are notified of this requirement and are provided with a copy of this Policy when they first become subject to the Policy. This initial certification must be completed within 10 calendar days of becoming a Covered Person, unless otherwise noted by Personal Trade Compliance. This information must be current as of the date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes a Covered Person. Annual Certification: Covered Persons are also required to complete an annual accounts and holdings certification. This certification allows the Covered Person to validate the Brokerage Accounts and certain securities holdings in which they have Beneficial Ownership (as defined in Appendix A-Definitions). Covered Persons also certify that they have received, read and understand the Policy. This information must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the report was submitted. Quarterly Certification: On a quarterly basis, Covered Persons must also certify to securities transactions outside of a previously reported and approved Brokerage Account. The quarterly certification must be completed within 30 calendar days of the last day of the quarter. 1.4. Confidentiality All reports and other documents and information supplied by or on behalf of any Covered Person in accordance with the requirements of this Policy will be treated as confidential, but are subject to review as provided herein and in the procedures by Legal, Compliance and other involved departments of the Firms, by Personal Trading, senior management, by representatives relevant regulatory authority of the asset management business regulatory or self-regulatory authority, or otherwise as required by law, regulation, or court order. 1.5. Personal Data The collection and use of personal data for employees and clients located in EMEA by firms is subject to regulation to ensure the protection of data subjects; the firm sets out the general principles for handling personal data that must be followed by all staff within the EMEA Data Protection Policy. The firm has put in place comprehensive but proportionate governance measures to minimise the risk of breaches and uphold the protection of personal data. The relevant measures have been documented within this Policy. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. 2. ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS 2.1. Summary of Legal and Regulatory Requirements Regulatory rules require registered investment advisers and investment companies to adopt a code of ethics to; protect the firm s clients, set forth standards of conduct, comply with applicable federal securities laws and address personal trading. SEC Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act Rule 204A-1 requires each registered investment adviser to adopt a code of ethics that sets out standards of conduct expected of advisory personnel, safeguards material nonpublic information about client transactions and requires advisers access persons to report their personal securities transactions, including transactions in any mutual fund managed by the adviser. Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of a fund or any affiliated person of its investment adviser or principal underwriter to engage in certain enumerated types of misconduct in connection with the purchase or sale by such person of a security held or to be acquired by the fund. Each fund and its investment adviser and principal underwriter are required to adopt a written code of ethics containing provisions reasonably necessary to prevent the specified types of misconduct, and to use reasonable diligence and institute procedures reasonably necessary to prevent violations of the code. FCA Rule COBS 11.7 requires a firm that conducts designated investment business to establish, implement and maintain adequate arrangements aimed at preventing certain activities (entering into certain personal transactions or advising anyone else to do so, or disclosing any non-public information) of any relevant person that may give rise to a conflict of interest, or who has access to inside information as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation3 or to other confidential information relating to clients or transactions with or for clients by virtue of an activity carried out by him on behalf of the firm. MAS Guidelines on Risk Management Practices Internal Controls state that an institution should have adequate policies, procedures and controls to address conflict of interest situations. It should require employees to disclose such conflicts on a timely basis. These cases should be escalated to either the Board or senior management and disclosed to customers where relevant. MAS Guidelines on Individual Accountability and Conduct the Board and senior management should ensure that a framework is in place to address the standards of conduct expected of all employees. This includes fair dealing (treating customers fairly) and management of conflicts of interest. Code of Conduct for Persons licensed by or registered with the Securities and Futures Commission A licensed person should have a policy which has been communicated to employees in writing on whether employees are permitted to deal or trade for their own accounts. Transactions of employees accounts and related accounts should be reported to and actively monitored, and procedures maintained to detect irregularities and ensure that the handling by the licensed or registered person of these transactions or orders is not prejudicial to the interests of their clients. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. 2.2. Roles and Responsibilities/Supervision At least annually, each Chief Compliance Officer/Compliance Executive or delegate of the Ameriprise Global Asset Management Entities must review the adequacy of this Policy and the policies and procedures herein referenced. 2.3. Escalation for Non-Compliance In general, a Covered Person should first discuss a compliance issue with their supervisor, department head, Chief Compliance Officer, Compliance Executive, or Personal Trade Compliance. In the event that a Covered Person does not feel comfortable discussing compliance issues through these channels, the employee may anonymously report suspected violations of law or company policy by contacting their local resources (refer to Appendix D-Resources). Employees are encouraged to report these questionable practices so that the Firms have an opportunity to address and resolve these issues before they become more significant regulatory or legal issues. Violations/Breaches of this Policy are taken seriously and may result in disciplinary actions and/or sanctions. Disciplinary actions could be up to and including termination of employment and sanctions will vary depending on local requirements or the circumstances (e.g., depending on the severity of the violation, if a record of previous violations exists, etc.). 2.4. Monitoring/Oversight Compliance is responsible for the daily monitoring of employee personal trading and applicable accounts through the usage of personal trading assistant. Escalation of matters are provided to appropriate local governance committee. 2.5. Disclosure Columbia Threadneedle must provide information that is material about it s business practices to clients and/or regulatory agencies, including information about any conflicts of interests and the policies to address such conflicts. Practices related to this Policy are publicly disclosed in accordance to local rules and regulations. 2.6. Recordkeeping Each respective Compliance group is primarily responsible for maintaining records created with respect to this Policy and the procedures adopted to implement it. All records must be maintained for five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the documents were later of creation or last use, the first two years in an easily accessible place. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX A-DEFINITIONS Beneficial Owner of an account or a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting or investment power. For the purposes of the Code of Ethics, a beneficial owner includes accounts held in the name of you, your spouse/partner and/or any financially dependent members of your household.) In addition, you also have Beneficial Ownership if any of the individuals listed above: Is a trustee or custodian for an account (e.g., for a child or parent) Exercises discretion over an account via a power of attorney arrangement or as an executor of an estate after death Has another arrangement where they give advice and also have a direct or indirect ownership (e.g., treasurer of an outside organization). Brokerage Account: A Brokerage Account is an account held at a licensed brokerage firm in which securities on the Securities Reporting List are bought and sold (e.g., stocks, bonds, futures, options, Covered Funds). This includes employer-sponsored incentive savings plans. Closed-End Funds: A closed-end fund is a publicly traded investment company that raises a fixed amount of capital through an IPO. The fund is then structured, listed and traded like a stock on a stock exchange. Covered Funds: Closed-End Funds, ETFs and Open-Ended Funds for which a Columbia Threadneedle entity serves as an investment adviser or for which an affiliate of Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as principal underwriter are considered Covered Funds. Covered Persons includes all Columbia Threadneedle employees and contractors, any other individual with a specific role (including working on a project) which compels Covered Person status due to access to proprietary information (e.g., holdings/transactions), such as the member of a staff group that provides ongoing audit, technology, finance, compliance, or legal support to Firms, and any other persons that may be deemed appropriate by Compliance. Private Funds: Private investment funds sponsored and managed by entities listed in Appendix B. Reportable Security Reportable Security includes all corporate securities, options on securities, warrants, rights, ETFs and municipal securities. Reportable Security excludes: direct obligations of the United States government; bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; insurance company general accounts (short-term cash equivalent options of a variable life insurance policy); shares of a money market fund or other short-term income or short-term bond funds; shares of any open-end mutual fund, including any shares of a Reportable Fund; and futures and options on futures. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX B-ENTITIES THAT HAVE ADOPTED POLICY Columbia Cent CLO Advisers, LLC (CCCA) Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (CMIA) Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. (CMID) Columbia Management Investment Services, Corp.(CMIS) Columbia Threadneedle AM (Holdings) plc and its subsidiaries. These entities are now part of Columbia Threadneedle Investments which is the asset management business of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Columbia Wanger Asset Management, LLC (CWAM) Lionstone Partners, LLC (Lionstone) The Threadneedle group of companies The Threadneedle group of companies comprises those companies whose holding company is TAM UK International Holdings Limited and Ameriprise Asset Management Holdings Singapore (PTE.) Limited. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX C OTHER RELATED POLICIES APPLICABLE TO COVERED PERSONS Ameriprise Financial Global Code of Conduct Ameriprise Financial Handling Whistleblower Claims Policy Ameriprise Financial Limited Choice Policy Columbia Threadneedle NA Policy - Privacy and Information Security and Identity Theft Prevention Program Global Policy Inside Information Global Policy - Portfolio Holdings Disclosure Policy Global Policy - Gifts and Entertainment Global Policy Market Manipulation Identification and Prevention Global Policy Political Contributions Global Policy Outside Activities and Family Relationships Columbia Threadneedle Investments EMEA Other Conflicts of Interest Policies Applicable to Covered Persons: Columbia Threadneedle Investments UK EU Market Abuse Insider Dealing Policy Columbia Threadneedle Investments EMEA and APAC Conflicts of Interest Policy Threadneedle Treating Customers Fairly Whistleblowing Policy 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX D RESOURCES Compliance Resources Send email to Personal.Trading@ampf.com or call Personal Trading - 612-671-5196 Contact the Compliance Team if you are ever at doubt as to your obligations under this Policy. Whistleblowing Ameriprise Financial provides the Ethics Hotline Ethicspoint which is a global whistleblower hotline service, operated by third-party vendor NAVEX Global. The Ethics Hotline is a toll-free phone-based and online reporting service that provides for the confidential, anonymous submission of compliance or ethical issues and concerns at Ameriprise Financial. Call the Ethics Hotline at 800-963-6395or report online at ampf.ethicspoints.com. Those outside of the U.S. can obtain country and access codes to call the Ethics Hotline and/or report online at ampf.ethicspoint.com. Concerns can also be raised with certain regulators, including directly to the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) and/or the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA_ on a named or anonymous based in the UK. Employees are encouraged to view the Ameriprise Financial Policy Relating to the Handling of Whistleblower Claims, the Whistleblowing Policy (EMEA/APAC) and/or the Ameriprise Financial Global Code of Conduct for more details on how to report any compliance or ethical issues or concerns. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX E-INDIVIDUAL SECURITIES REQUIREMENTS (Pre-clearance and Reporting) Pre-clearance Requirements All securities held in brokerage accounts (including 401K Alight Financial self-directed brokerage accounts) are subject to prior approval pre-clearance under the Policy, including ETFs, Investment Trusts, Closed End Funds and publicly traded crypto-related securities, except those listed below: Ameriprise Financial Stock4 Annuities and Life Insurance (where there is no specific investment exposure) Bank products (checking/savings, CDs, etc.) Currencies Digital assets/cryptocurrencies (Direct investments - Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. See pg. 7) Debt securities issued by any government Dividend Reinvestment Plans (DRIPS) Futures Money Market Funds Non-Investment derivatives sporting bets only Open-End Mutual Funds Columbia Threadneedle - Open-End Mutual Funds (including OEICs and SICAVs) Unit Investment Trusts (UITs) Columbia Threadneedle EMEA Products Pre-clearance only required of Fund Pricing and Dealing Committee (FPDC) and SICAV ManCo Pricing Committee (MPC) members (applicable to EMEA only). Reporting Requirements Brokerage accounts All brokerage accounts, including the Alight 401(k) self-directed accounts and full discretionary accounts, must be reported to Personal Trade Compliance through the PTA system. This reporting requirement applies even if the holdings in the account do not require reporting (See Holdings below). Holdings All securities must be reported on PTA, except the following securities do not require reporting: Annuities (report only Covered Funds listed in Appendix F) Bank products (checking/savings, CDs etc.) Money Market Funds Open-End Mutual Funds (report only Covered Funds listed in Appendix F) Currencies, including Digital assets/cryptocurrencies (Direct Investments - Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. See pg.7) Futures Debt securities issued by any government 529 plans 4 Other rules, including blackout and holding periods, still apply and there can be no speculative trading in Ameriprise Financial Stock. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX F-COVERED FUNDS LIST The Global Asset Management Personal Account Dealing and Code of Ethics Policy Policy speaks to certain rules concerning activity within Covered Funds. Closed-End Funds, ETFs and Mutual Funds for which Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as an investment adviser or for which an affiliate of Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC serves as principal underwriter are considered Covered Funds. 5 The following is the list of Covered Funds as of October 2022: All Columbia Mutual Funds (both retail and variable), including Columbia Acorn Funds, Wanger Funds, and Multi-Manager Funds offered through Ameriprise Financial advisory programs All Columbia ETFs All Columbia Threadneedle EMEA and Asia Funds Columbia Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund, Inc. Tri-Continental Corporation Third-Party Funds Sub Advised by CMIA: Destinations Large Cap Equity Fund Morgan Stanley Pathway Large Cap Equity Fund NVIT Columbia Overseas Value Fund SA Focused Large Cap Value Portfolio VALIC Capital Appreciation Fund VY Columbia Contrarian Core Portfolio VY Columbia Small Cap Value II Portfolio 5 Under the Volcker Rule, certain employee investments/holdings in proprietary funds may need to be reviewed to ensure that the holdings meet banking exclusions and exemptions requirements. Employees identified as senior executive officers or directors may need to provide holdings data for these funds on an ad hoc basis for analysis by the GCO. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX G-OPTIONS/SHORT TRADING GUIDELINES Short Trading-General Guidelines Shorting individual securities is prohibited. Shorting broad-based market securities (ETFs) is permitted. Options Trading-General Guidelines All persons subject to the Policy should not deal in any form of derivative that could give rise to an open ended, unlimited liability. All Covered Persons must obtain pre-clearance via PTA prior to placing an options trade. Short term trading at a profit is prohibited under the code. Covered Persons may not trade options that will result in a gain if held less than 30 days. Covered Persons must wait trade date plus 30 days before closing the position at a profit. Acceptable Transactions Options that have an expiration greater than 30 days and Out of the money option contracts In the money option contracts only if there is an underlying position held greater than 30 days Prohibited Transactions Options that have an expiration within 30 days In the money option contracts unless there is a sufficient underlying position held greater than 30 days (100 shares per contract) Buying and selling options contracts at a profit held less than 30 days Key Reminders Covered Persons are required to preclear the option ticker symbol (please use the new option symbology) and not the underlying ticker. Covered Persons are responsible for calculating the 30-day holding period (Trade date + 30 days), you must use the average cost method (PTA does not calculate the 30-day holding period). Receiving pre-clearance does not exclude you from other personal trading rules included in the Policy. 

This document is current as of the last review date but subject to change thereafter. Columbia Threadneedle Investments (Columbia Threadneedle) is the global brand name of the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. APPENDIX H-LIMITED CHOICE POLICY In order to comply with regulators expectations concerning the monitoring of trading activity within Covered Person accounts, Ameriprise Financial and Columbia Threadneedle Investments maintain a limited choice brokerage policy which dictates where certain types of securities must be held and traded. The types of securities that are subject to the Limited Choice Policy are specified in Appendix E- Individual Securities Requirements. Securities not subject to the Limited Choice Policy may be held in brokerage accounts and must meet certain requirements. See Notification of Brokerage Accounts in Section 1.2 of Policy. Securities subject to the Limited Choice Policy must be held, and trading must be conducted, through one of these brokers. Due to global availability of certain brokers and electronic feeds from those brokers, each region has specific requirements that must be followed for that region: Ameriprise/Columbia Threadneedle North America - Ameriprise Financial Brokerage, Charles Schwab, Merrill Lynch Columbia Threadneedle UK Barclays, Hargreaves Lansdown, Interactive Brokers, AJ Bell, Fidelity International (Charles Schwab and Merrill Lynch restricted to U.S based accounts only) Columbia Threadneedle EMEA, excluding UK -. Employees of Columbia Threadneedle EMEA must report their broker accounts on PTA prior to trading and provide contract notes to Personal Trade Compliance as soon as practicable following execution of their trade. Columbia Threadneedle APAC - Singapore employees are encouraged to use UOB and Interactive because they do provide electronic feeds. Employees of Columbia Threadneedle APAC must report their broker accounts on PTA prior to trading and provide contract notes (if not on an electronic feed) to Personal Trade Compliance as soon as practicable following execution of their trade. If you maintain a brokerage account outside of the approved brokers that holds securities subject to the Limited Choice policy, you have the following options: 1. You may transfer the subject holdings to a like-ownership account at one of the approved brokers for your region. See Notification of Brokerage Accounts in Section 1.2 of Policy. 2. You may liquidate the subject holdings (subject to the requirements in the Policy) and either hold the proceeds as cash or reinvest in non-subject securities. 3. You may apply for an exception. Contact Personal Trading for more information about what may be an allowable exception and what steps need to be taken to request an exception. An exception does not make you exempt from complying with all other requirements in Policy). Covered Persons must comply with the Limited Choice Policy requirements within 30 days of becoming a Covered Person, unless otherwise noted by Personal Trade Compliance. 

</EX-14.B>

<EX-14.C>
 4
 exhibit14c-12312022.htm
 EX-14.C

exhibit14c-12312022 

Ameriprise Financial Global Code of Conduct 

2 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Our Vision, Mission, Brand Promise and Values have withstood the test of time and continue to define our company Vision What we aspire to be To be the most respected and referred financial services brand Mission Our purpose To help people feel confident about their financial future Brand Promise Our commitment to clients We shape financial solutions for a lifetime Values What we can expect from each other Client Focused Integrity Always Excellence In All We Do Respect for Individuals and our Communities Respect Excellence Client-focused Integrity always 

3 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES From our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Our clients, advisors, employees, shareholders and regulators rightfully expect us to comply with federal, state, and local statues and regulations, and to treat our stakeholders with integrity. The long legacy and success of Ameriprise depends on the trust and confidence we work diligently to earn every day. Our choices and actions matter. Ameriprise Financial began in 1894 with a clear and singular focus to help all levels of investors achieve their most important goals. Today, our mission is to help people feel confident about their financial future. We have endured and thrived because of our unwavering commitment to our values: Client-focused; Integrity always; Excellence in all we do; and Respect. Together, we endeavor to treat people fairly and respectfully and do what is right for our clients, advisors, employees and shareholders. Your decisions and actions determine how we operate and what we can achieve. Our Global Code of Conduct reinforces the core principles that must guide our behavior. It helps foster an environment of trust. I, along with all of our Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team, believe strongly in our Code of Conduct. Thank you for your continued commitment to our values and adhering to the principles in the Code. JAMES M. CRACCHIOLO CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

4 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Contents Introduction Our Code applies to everyone ......... 5 Report your concerns ............................ 7 Our ethical principles Treat everyone with dignity and respect ...................................... 8 Do the right thing for the client ..... 10 Obey the law and guard against criminal activity .............................. 12 Conduct business ethically ............. 14 Compete fairly in the marketplace 16 Protect the company s reputation and assets ...................................... 18 Safeguard and maintain accurate information ..................... 20 Navigate your ethical questions .......... 22 Consequences for non-compliance ..... 23 Global Resources ................................. 24 

5 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Our Global Code of Conduct applies to everyone at Ameriprise Financial All officers, employees, financial advisors and their staff must follow this Code. What you need to know We value ethics and integrity. We maintain an environment where compliance and adherence to the Code of Conduct is the norm. About the Code This Code is enterprise-wide and applies to everyone working for one of our business areas or affiliates. Commitment to the ethical principles helps ensure compliance with the Code. This Code applies even if you also adhere to another code of ethics or conduct within your business area. For employees and employee advisors, compliance with the Code is a condition of employment. For franchise advisors and their staff compliance with the Code is required by the franchise agreement. Applicable company policies The Code requires you to comply with the provisions of other policies, codes of ethics and other business procedures to which you are subject. You must read and comply with the policies and procedures that apply to you. Refer to policies on Inside, AdvisorCompass, CompliSource or other company intranet systems for applicable policies. This Code can t cover every situation No code of conduct or ethics can anticipate all of the circumstances that you may encounter during your career. If the Code doesn t address a specific situation, you are still obligated to act in an ethical and honest manner. Above all, seek guidance from your leader, manager or one of the provided resources (See list of resources on Pages 8 or 24) before you act. Violations of the Code If you violate the Code, you will be subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination of your employment or franchise agreement. Disciplinary action will depend on the circumstances and will be consistent with the company s policies and procedures. (See consequences for non-compliance on Page 23.) Waivers of the Code Only the Board of Directors of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. can grant a waiver of the Code of Conduct. We will promptly disclose to our shareholders any waivers granted to our executive officers and directors. Why ethics matter The culture of any company is determined by what its directors, officers and employees actually do rather than what they are supposed to do. It is simply about doing the right thing, day in and day out. We expect you to: Comply with the Code Act with integrity, due skill, care and diligence Follow all applicable laws, rules and regulations Be open and cooperative with our regulators Use your best judgment Ask for guidance before you act Report ethical concerns promptly Be an example of ethical behavior for your team Pay due regard to the interests of our clients and treat them fairly Observe proper standards of market conduct 

6 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES When we refer to Ameriprise or our company, we mean all majority-owned businesses and entities of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. I m a contractor working on a three-month project. Since I m not an employee, does the Code apply to me? Yes. Anyone doing business on behalf of Ameriprise Financial, Ameriprise Bank, RiverSource, Columbia Threadneedle Investments or any of our other U.S. or global subsidiaries is held accountable for reading, understanding and following the Code and all company policies applicable to his or her roles and responsibilities. I discovered that my coworker is violating the Code by falsifying financial results. Do I have to report this? Yes. You will have violated the Code if you don t report your concerns. As long as you act in good faith, you will be protected from retaliation. This important point is covered in more detail on pages 7 and 16. 

7 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Report your concerns If you observe behavior that concerns you, or that you believe in good faith may be illegal or a violation of the Code, you are required to report the issue promptly. What you need to know We respond appropriately to all allegations by employees, suppliers, clients or contractors that the company or individuals are not meeting its legal, regulatory, ethical or financial obligations. We provide several reporting options for anyone who suspects breaches of the Code, our policies, regulations or the law. Whistleblower claims Acting ethically includes reporting misconduct. If you don t report the misconduct of others, you are not acting ethically and will be held accountable. It may not be easy to report misconduct involving a colleague or friend, but that is what we expect you to do. You should, in good faith, report an alleged impropriety that prevents the company from meeting its regulatory and legal obligations or complying with generally accepted accounting principles. A whistleblower is an individual who lawfully makes any allegation of impropriety or discloses or provides information or assistance in connection with any governmental proceeding or inquiry. Acting in good faith means that you have a sincere belief that a reasonable person in the same situation with access to the same facts would also conclude there is a likelihood of misconduct. Non-retaliation We will not tolerate any retaliation against you if you report possible misconduct in good faith even if it turns out that no misconduct occurred. You won t be fired, given a lower performance rating or demoted because you reported possible misconduct in good faith. Retaliating against a person who has reported a suspected violation is considered a violation of the Code. All reports are investigated, and your report will be treated confidentially to the extent allowed by law and company policy. If you believe you have been retaliated against, promptly contact any of the resources listed on this page. Leaders are responsible for properly reporting any allegations they become aware of. Why ethics matter Your diligence allows us to correct problems that may involve a violation of regulation, law or pose a risk to health, safety or the company s reputation. We expect you to: Report unusual or suspicious activity, including activities that could be associated with financial crime, such as check fraud, market manipulation, money laundering or other possible ethical issues. Report concerns promptly to your leader, another trusted leader, Employee Relations, to one of the global resources listed on page 24, or to the Ethics Hotline: Employee Relations Group Service Center 1.877.267.4748 or ERGSC@ampf.com Ethics Hotline U.S.: 1.800.963.6395 or ampf.ethicspoint.com All other locations: Go to ampf.ethicspoint.com and select your location for country and access codes 

8 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Treat everyone with dignity and respect We value our people, encourage their development and reward their performance. What you need to know We are good citizens in our communities. We make all reasonable efforts to maintain a safe and healthy work environment for our employees and visitors. We prohibit discrimination or harassment and value diversity. Equal employment opportunity Our employees, including financial advisors, and leaders are responsible for complying with the company s Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, Individual Treatment Policy and related policies, and anti-discrimination and anti-harassment laws. Leaders have the added responsibility of ensuring compliance with those policies and laws. Freedom from discrimination Our employees are prohibited from engaging in discrimination or harassment against any person on the grounds of race, color, religion, national origin, disability, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or citizenship. Each of us, particularly leaders, is responsible for creating and maintaining a work environment free of discrimination and harassment for our employees. Freedom from fear and violence in the workplace We prohibit the possession of weapons in our workplace or when conducting business on behalf of the company. You may not assist or permit others to possess weapons in the workplace. Importance of diversity We are committed to valuing and supporting diversity in the workplace and community. Employees, field members and staff represent many age groups, ethnicities, family structures, races, religions, sexual orientations, nationalities and neurodiversity, mental and physical abilities. Non-retaliation We do not retaliate against or intimidate an individual who makes a complaint, assists in making a complaint or is a witness in an investigation. Our values and the law protect an individual who, in good faith, reports discrimination, harassment, threats of violence or any inappropriate behavior. Safety, health and the environment We make all reasonable efforts to provide and maintain a safe and healthy working environment for our employees and visitors. Why ethics matter We expect all employees and advisor to behave in a values-driven manner, which includes treating all people with dignity and respect. Discriminatory treatment and harassment are illegal and violate our company values. We encourage individuals to report any violations. We expect you to: Treat others the way you would like to be treated Be an example to the next generation of leaders Support a diverse and safe work environment Notify your local or onsite security personnel or local law enforcement immediately if you see anyone exhibiting threatening behavior or if there is a potentially dangerous situation at your workplace Report safety concerns to: Minneapolis 1.612.671.2454 or 1.612.671.3333. United States 1.800.455.5187 United Kingdom, European Union or India 00.1.612.671.2454 or 00.1.612.671.3333. 

9 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES A colleague in my department has been acting erratically lately. He complains that he has been treated unfairly at work and talks about getting even with people. What should I do? Call Security Services (or your local security personnel) or the Employee Relations Group Service Center immediately and explain the situation. You share the responsibility of helping the company maintain a safe environment for all of our employees and visitors. As long as you act in good faith, you will not face any retaliation for sharing your concerns. I noticed that a contractor made a mistake in its invoice in our favor. What should I do? Call the contractor to discuss the invoice and confirm that we have been undercharged. If so, ask for a corrected invoice. 

10 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Do the right thing for the client From initial contact with prospects, through our continued service of existing individual or institutional client and end-client accounts, we stand behind what we say and do. What you need to know We carefully consider the impact of our decisions on clients. We are committed to making full and fair disclosures. Standards of Conduct We conduct our business according to all applicable legal and professional standards of conduct. These standards of conduct may vary depending on our role or relationship with a client and may impose specific obligations on us, such as: acting as a fiduciary in the best interests of the client; not favoring the interests of one client over the interests of another client; or making recommendations that are in the best interest of and suitable based on a client s personal situation and risk tolerance Regardless of our legal and professional obligations, we act honestly and in good faith with our clients. We want clients to be able to make informed decisions based on all the information necessary to understand the features and potential benefits and risks of our products and services. Full and fair disclosure You must make full and fair disclosure of all features, benefits, risks and fees of products or services sold or marketed to all clients and prospects, particularly where your interests may conflict with those of our clients. Full and fair disclosure applies to initial client communications as well as to subsequent recommendations. Your disclosures must be accurate, fair and balanced and presented in the proper context. Do not omit material facts or qualifications if the result would be misleading. Marketing, advertising and communications with the public Marketing, advertising and communications with the public, including clients, prospects, investors, analysts and the general public, must be truthful and accurate. You may not make exaggerated or misleading statements, regardless of whether the information is given directly or indirectly. You must answer all questions honestly and completely. In addition, the content must meet applicable regulatory and legal standards. When preparing advertising, marketing and communication for the public, you must ensure that required reviews and approvals are received prior to first use. When making referrals to or any testimonial or endorsement of Ameriprise Financial, you must be sure your affiliation with Ameriprise Financial is readily apparent to or if not readily apparent disclosed to the prospect, client or investor at the time of the referral or testimonial or endorsement is disseminated. Why ethics matter We maintain our clients loyalty and improve their experience by acting with integrity. Our first priority is the success of our clients. They have selected us to help them reach their financial goals and prepare for retirement on their terms. If we break that trust, our clients will leave us for other firms. We expect you to: Act in the best interest of clients Be truthful and accurate Never mislead a client or prospect Help clients and prospects understand our products and services Provide clients and prospects with all information they need to make an informed decision 

11 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES We know that trust must be earned and are committed to making fair and accurate disclosures. My job doesn t involve client contact. Recently, however, someone claiming to be a client was transferred to my number. She was upset about something, but I politely said I couldn t help her and hung up. What should I do in this situation? In this situation, you should ask for the person s name, address, telephone number and a brief description of the issue. After telling her you will find the right person to help her, talk to your leader about how to follow up. You should never try to answer a question if you are not qualified to do so, but each of us has a responsibility to do the right thing for our clients. 

12 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Obey the law and guard against criminal activity We comply with all laws and regulations that apply to our operations, including insider trading laws. What you need to know We obey the law in our professional lives just as we do in our personal lives. Being unaware that a law or regulation exists won t excuse any violation you commit. We follow the advice of our legal and compliance professionals. We always cooperate fully and honestly with our regulatory agencies during examinations and inquiries. Comply with rules, regulations, and laws Additional rules or regulations may apply to you in your home country or because of your specific job responsibilities. Each of us is responsible to know and follow the laws wherever we work and the rules and regulations applicable to your responsibilities. Fraud prevention Preventing fraud is a responsibility of everyone at Ameriprise, regardless of level. You have a duty to be mindful of potentially fraudulent activity and to report anything suspicious promptly. Fraud includes a wide variety of illegal acts, all characterized by the intent to deceive someone. Fraud can be committed to the detriment of the company, our clients, our shareholders or others, and can be carried out by people inside as well as outside of the company. Insider trading Insider trading is both illegal and unethical. Insider trading is the practice of buying or selling securities of any company, including Ameriprise Financial, when you are aware of material, non-public information about that company or its securities. If you are convicted of insider trading, you could be sentenced to years in prison. Personal trading Our personal trading rules, policies and procedures apply to everyone who is subject to this Code with few exceptions. These rules are derived from securities and investment laws, regulatory guidelines, and other corporate policies. They aim to eliminate the appearance of conflict between the personal trading activities of our employees, advisors and our clients as well as the rest of the investing public. In addition to the general rules that apply broadly to individuals subject to the Code, more restrictive rules apply to certain persons based on their access to information and/or their job responsibilities. You are responsible for understanding the related company policies that apply to you. Why ethics matter Legal or regulatory violations can cost our shareholders millions of dollars in legal judgments, fines or penalties and lost clients. In some cases, you could also face fines, the loss of your job and even imprisonment. The company often sets a higher standard than what the law requires, so it is important to understand all policies that apply to you. We expect you to: Become familiar with the laws and regulations that apply to you and your job, including insider trading laws, which apply to everyone Complete all mandatory training, disclosures and other requirements related to your job Stay current on legal and regulatory developments you need to know Report suspected insider trading, market abuse or fraudulent activity promptly Protect our reputation 

13 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES I told my spouse about a company that Ameriprise Financial is considering buying. Was that wrong? Yes. First, you should not share confidential business information with anyone unless it s necessary to do your job. Second, if this is material, non-public information and your spouse trades in the stock of Ameriprise or the other company or shares the information with anyone else, you both could face prosecution for insider trading. Am I subject to blackout periods for trading in the company s stock? It depends on your role within the company. The company s Board of Directors, executive officers and other designated employees are subject to regular quarterly blackout periods, during which they are prohibited from executing transactions in Ameriprise Financial securities. The blackout periods generally begin on Jan. 1, April 1, July 1 and Oct. 1. The beginning date of each blackout period is fixed, regardless of whether that date happens to be a business day. Each blackout period ends one full business day after the public release of the last quarter s earnings results. If you are subject to the blackout, you will receive emails telling you when it will begin and end. 

14 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Conduct business ethically We have a duty to promote the interests of the company. That means we do not use the company s property or information for our own benefit or to compete with the company. What you need to know We do not use company information and property for personal gain. We carefully monitor and control conflicts of interest. We do not give, solicit or accept gifts that could influence our business judgment. Conflicts of interest and outside business activities Due to the Company s diverse businesses, potential conflicts of interest could result from your outside business activities. You may engage in an outside activity if it does not compete or conflict with the interests of the company or interfere with the responsibilities of your job or the company s employees. A conflict of interest occurs when your private interests interfere in any way or even appear to interfere with the interests of a client or the company. A conflict of interest also arises when you or a member of your family receives improper personal benefits as a result of your position in the company. You must be especially sensitive to potential conflicts of interest when you are considering engaging in consulting or other outside activities that involve the skills and knowledge you use in your job. Simply reporting or disclosing an activity without first resolving possible conflicts of interest may result in a violation of the Code. You are prohibited from using your position with the company, or information acquired during your employment or relationship with the company, to advance your personal interests over the interests of clients or the company. Gifts or entertainment Generally, you may only accept gifts (including business-related meals or entertainment) if the value of the gift is not significant and the gift will not place you or appear to place you under any obligation to the donor. Before accepting a gift, you should ask yourself if the gift would appear significant to others or place you under any obligation. If the answer is yes, then you should not accept the gift. You may be subject to a specific policy and/or local market rules related to accepting or giving gifts over a certain dollar value. (Please refer to policies that apply to you.) Political contributions and involvement We respect your right to participate in the political process. However, because of U.S. campaign finance laws, you may not: use company funds or be reimbursed for a political contribution; allow a candidate or campaign to use company facilities or property; use work time or company equipment for political or campaign purposes; or allow your contribution of time or money to appear to be made with, or reimbursed by, company funds. Why ethics matter Employees, officers and directors owe a duty to the company to advance its legitimate interests. Your personal interests, whether you are focused on a promotion or earning more compensation, are never more important than the best interests of our clients or the company. We expect you to: Address conflicts of interest before you take any job action or engage in an outside business activity that may benefit you or your family this applies to everyone, regardless of whether you are a registered person Avoid even the appearance of impropriety Comply with company policies related to outside business activities, political contributions and gifts and entertainment Advisors, registered persons and investment- access persons must file reports as required by applicable policies. If a potential conflict of interest is presented, whether involving gifts, vendor relationships, outside business activities, or other circumstances, you should seek guidance from your applicable Compliance team or the Ameriprise Corporate Secretary about potential conflicts of interest, whether involving gifts, vendor relationships, outside business activities, or other circumstances. 

15 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES A client sent me a case of wine as a gift. I know that if I purchased the wine, it would be expensive. Can I accept this gift? If you are subject to a gift and entertainment policy, you may be required to decline the gift politely and return it. If you are a licensed person, you should seek advice from your registered principal or the Compliance Department. If you don t know whether a gift policy applies to you, contact the Corporate Secretary or your local Compliance Department. Remember that you are never permitted to solicit a gift from a client, vendor or anyone else doing business with the company. Do I need to pre-clear my political contributions and political volunteer activities? Yes, depending on your role or band level, you may be subject to pre-clearance requirements. For example, financial advisors, Columbia Threadneedle Investments employees who work in North America or who are U.S. citizens working outside the country are all subject to pre-clearance requirements. Refer to the applicable Political Contributions policy to see if you are covered. Also, if your job changes, you may become subject to pre-clearance in the future even if you are not covered now. It s important to see if your current political contributions may affect your chances to apply for certain jobs in the future, due to the SEC s pay-to-play rules. 

16 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Compete fairly in the marketplace We believe that everyone benefits from fair, free and open markets, and we compete fairly in the marketplace based on the merits of our products and services. What you need to know We must never offer, make or accept unlawful payments or gifts regardless of local business customs. We comply with all antitrust, anti-bribery, anti- corruption, monopoly and competition laws. Failure to comply can have serious consequences for the company and for you. Antitrust and competition law We prohibit agreements intended to limit competition. We expect you to avoid any agreement with a competitor to limit competition. When dealing with outside companies, including contractors and vendors, consider whether they are competing with Ameriprise Financial. False or misleading statements about our competitors are contrary to our values and damage our reputation. The General Counsel s Organization is available whenever you question the legality of a proposed activity or need further guidance. Anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and tax evasion We are committed to conducting business ethically and in a manner fully compliant with all applicable antibribery and corruption laws in the countries in which Ameriprise operates. Bribery can be defined as the offering, promising, giving, accepting or soliciting of any advantage as an inducement to act in a way which is illegal, or which amounts to the improper performance of any duty owed to their employer, to a business or to a public body. Corruption is the abuse of entrusted power for private gain. We also have zero tolerance for facilitation of tax evasion by employees and third parties. Tax evasion in the definition of money laundering, and the policy requires escalation of any potential financial crimes. Everyone working for the company should report instances of bribery, corruption and tax evasion Fair dealing All employees, officers and directors should deal fairly with our clients, investors, suppliers and competitors. We don t take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any unfair practices. Non-retaliation An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any trade secret or similar [continued on next page] Why ethics matter We operate in a highly regulated industry and under intense media and public scrutiny. Regulators and prosecutors recognize the importance of a strong ethical and compliance culture. We expect you to: Deal fairly with clients, vendors, competitors and other employees Maintain the company s confidential or proprietary information and trade secrets Contact Enterprise Procurement before engaging a vendor and read the applicable Acquisition of Goods and Services Policy to understand the procedures for contracting with vendors as well as your responsibilities in the ongoing management of agreements and relationships with vendors. 

17 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Non-retaliation [continued] law, for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. I m having a business lunch with an official of a foreign government, who is an avid golfer, and I want to give him a box of golf balls as a small gesture for meeting with me. What do I need to know? This legal area is complex, so seek advice from the General Counsel s Organization before you give anything of value to a government official or anyone claiming to represent a government or a government-controlled entity. The United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act impose severe penalties if you give anything of value to a government official. Many other countries are also enacting strict laws against bribery and corruption. In this case, even a modest meal and small gift can result in severe penalties for you and the company. 

18 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Protect the company s reputation and assets We diligently safeguard the company s reputation, its physical and intellectual property and all sensitive information. What you need to know We consider our reputation one of our most valuable assets. We protect our assets and use them for appropriate business purposes. Anti-money laundering and identity theft The company maintains policies and procedures to prevent and detect money laundering, identity theft and other financial crimes. Suspicious activity takes many forms and is hard to define in absolute terms, however, common examples of red flags are included in the company s related policies. If you ignore or choose not to report suspicious activity, both you and the company could be considered willfully blind and held liable for the criminal activity. Report concerns by submitting a Report of Unusual Activity, which can be found on Inside or the AdvisorCompass site. Company property Our company property, including equipment, supplies, systems and facilities, must only be used for valid business purposes. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on our profitability. If you suspect someone was involved in, or is attempting to cover up, the theft or misuse of company property, immediately report it to Security Services (or your local security personnel) or to SecurityAMPF@ampf.com. Intellectual property Intellectual property is one of the most valuable assets of our company. Our logos and branding (e.g., trademarks, service marks) stand as a unique symbol of the quality, integrity and reliability that underlie all our products and services. Moreover, they serve to identify us to the world and set us apart from our competitors. The use of all logos and brand names, such as Ameriprise Financial, Ameriprise Bank, RiverSource, Columbia Threadneedle Investments, Columbia Management and Threadneedle must conform with company policy. We will also never knowingly infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. You are responsible for confirming that the use of any third-party intellectual property is approved and done with written permission. This includes, but is not limited to, computer programs, brands, logos and periodicals. Why ethics matter Our ability to attract and retain clients, advisors and employees depends on our reputation as an ethical, honest and law-abiding company. Anything that you do, whether at work or in your personal life, that damages our reputation is a serious matter. Be especially careful not to post or say anything on social media that could embarrass you or damage the reputation and brands we have worked so hard to establish. Remember that your obligation to comply with the Code doesn t stop when you leave the office. We expect you to: Be alert to situations or actions that may be unethical or potentially damaging to the company s reputation Watch for warning signs that may signal fraudulent activity and report any suspicious activity Use company property only for valid business purposes and with proper authorization Protect all company and client property and assets against theft or misuse Know and follow the social media policies that apply to your role 

19 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES I hear leaders refer to enterprise risk management. What does it mean to me in my role? Like all financial services companies, we face various risks that could harm our company, clients and shareholders. We invest significant time and money to identify and manage these risks, but of course it s impossible to eliminate many of them. Even if an event is completely out of our control, such as a natural disaster or act of terrorism, we need to anticipate it as much as possible and be able to respond effectively. Risks can become more serious over time and new risks are emerging constantly. Our Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team are focused on risk management because it s crucial to our continued success. We also have talented teams of officers and employees around the world who are devoted to risk management. To be truly effective in identifying, monitoring and managing risk, each of us must think and act like a risk manager. Regardless of your job or level of responsibility, we expect you to be part of our risk management program. Each of us is a risk manager. 

20 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Safeguard and maintain accurate information We diligently safeguard our clients personal information. We believe that accurate recordkeeping and reporting are essential to our reputation and credibility. What you need to know We comply with all laws and policies related to the collection, safeguarding and disclosure of client or sensitive information. Confidentiality and privacy We maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to us. Confidential information includes all non-public information that might be of use to competitors or harmful to the company or its clients if released. We ensure only employees with a business need-to-know reason are allowed access to such data. Report privacy incidents or unauthorized access to sensitive information to Privacy.Swat.Team@ampf.com. Financial and business information Maintaining accurate and complete business and financial records, including financial statements and accounts, expense reports, time records and invoices, is not just the job of Accounting and Finance personnel. Always record and classify transactions in the proper accounting period and in the appropriate account and department. Never delay or accelerate the recording of revenue or expenses. Always support estimates and accruals with appropriate documentation based on your best judgment. Never falsify any document or distort the true nature of any transaction. Never enable another person s efforts to evade taxes or subvert local currency laws. Only make payments to the person or firm that actually provided the goods or services. Records management We maintain appropriate books and records according to the law and our policies. We do not shred, destroy or alter documents that are related to any imminent or ongoing investigation, lawsuit, audit, examination or are required to be maintained for regulatory purposes. Signature issues and forgery Employees, advisors or staff may not copy, affix or trace a client s signature or sign any document on behalf of a client, even if specifically asked to by the client. A signature is considered forged if it was signed by someone other than the person named, or that person s legally authorized representative. Whenever a client signature is required, it must be an original signature of the client or his or her legally authorized representative. Why ethics matter Many data breaches and cybersecurity incidents are the result of employee mistakes or negligence. Carelessly clicking a link in an email or opening an attachment could result in a serious cybersecurity incident. You ve probably read about incidents at other companies that have cost millions of dollars to resolve. You play a role in being attentive and doing everything you can to avoid one at Ameriprise. We expect you to: Protect the privacy, confidentiality and security of all client, employee, advisor and company information Keep accurate business and financial records Safeguard sensitive information from unauthorized disclosure Report financial and other business information truthfully, accurately and completely Maintain all business records in accordance with the company s policies and procedures and regulatory requirements 

21 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES A package mailed by a client containing a completed application and a check looked like it had been opened. Do I need to tell anyone about this? Yes. Even if nothing appeared to be missing, this is still a potential breach of the client s privacy. Send an email to Privacy.Swat.Team@ampf.com, who will research and identify potential risk. Contact your leader, registered principal, the Employee Relations Group Service Center at 1.877. 267.4748, ERGSC@ampf.com, the Ethics Hotline at 1.800.963.6395 or ampf.ethicspoint.com if you: Believe financial information or business records are not reported or maintained accurately and completely. Feel pressure to report inaccurate or incomplete financial or business information. Are asked to prepare or destroy documents in violation of company policy. 

22 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Navigate your ethical questions Consider your actions carefully. Ask for guidance when you need it. What you need to know We make decisions with integrity. We expect our leaders to set an example of courteous and respectful behavior toward their team members and others. Related policies The Code of Conduct and the related policies cannot, and do not attempt to, address every possible situation or circumstance that you may encounter. You are responsible for becoming familiar with the Code of Conduct and related policies, adhering to the principles and rules stated in them and seeking advice and guidance when you are uncertain as to the proper course of action. If you are a leader Leaders at all levels are responsible for continually emphasizing integrity as a standard of performance for all employees, demonstrating how employees and others should be treated with dignity and respect and creating and maintaining a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Leaders should always seek legal advice about the laws that may apply to a particular situation. Leaders are responsible for the health, safety and welfare of their departments, and everyone reporting or assigned to them, including visitors and contractors, while in a company workplace. If you are an individual contributor We expect all leaders to set the right ethical example for the company and its employees, regardless of how many people they lead. But even if you aren t a leader, we expect you to be an example of this same honest and ethical behavior for others on your team. Remember that others may model their behavior based on yours, especially if you have more experience or have been with the company for a longer period of time. Never make jokes about complying with the law, our policies and procedures or the Code of Conduct. Never belittle anyone for asking what the right thing to do is. If someone on your team asks for your advice on how to handle an ethical question, encourage him or her to speak with your leader. Be supportive and remind the person that we have a strict policy against retaliation for reports made in good faith. How you behave and what you say matters. We expect you to: Be aware of the consequences of your actions Ask for guidance when you need it Ask yourself about a potential behavior or action: Is it consistent with the Code and other company policies? Is it ethical? Is it legal? Am I setting a good example? Will it put the company at undue risk? Will it reflect poorly on the company or me? Would I want to read about it in the news or on social media? How would I explain my actions to my colleagues, friends and family? 

23 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Consequences for non-compliance Remember that asking for guidance before you act may help you avoid disciplinary action for violating the Code or a law, rule or regulation. What you need to know We will not accept ignorance or oversight as excuses for behavior that violates the Code, related policies or any law or regulation. We retain the right to determine whether specific actions or behaviors violate the Code of Conduct. Violations of the Code Personal conduct that violates the Code includes, but is not limited to: Willful or negligent damage to company property or the property of others; Theft or dishonesty, including falsification of company records or furnishing false or incomplete information on expense forms, time records, employment applications or other documents related to your employment; Inappropriate behavior or personal attire that is unprofessional or embarrasses the company or its clients, including posting or transmitting offensive or inappropriate material on the internet or any social media site; Disruptive or offensive behavior while conducting company business, including insubordination, willful disregard of company policies or procedures, disrespect toward a client or potential client, a leader or member of management, or failure to perform work as required or assigned; and Violations of safety or health laws or regulations or engaging in conduct that creates a safety or health hazard. In addition, if you violate the law during the course of your employment you may be subject to criminal and civil penalties as well as payment of monetary damages to the company or third parties. Disciplinary action may also be taken against an employee or advisor who: Authorizes, directs, approves, participates in or encourages violations of the Code; Deliberately fails to report or conceals violations or deliberately withholds or misstates relevant information; Retaliates against any other employee because he or she reported a suspected violation in good faith; or Knew or should have known about a violation by people under his or her supervision and did not promptly report it. We expect you to: Report concerns to your leader or one of the resources listed on this page. Understand the policies and procedures that impact your job. You can search Inside, AdvisorCompass, CompliSource or other company intranet systems for applicable policies. Talk to your leader about any situation that concerns you or reach out to any of the global resources or those listed on page 24for assistance: Your Human Resources business partner Employee Relations Group Service Center ERGSC@ampf.com Executive Vice President, Human Resources Kelli.A.Hunter@ampf.com General Counsel s Organization Heather.J.Melloh@ampf.com Corporate Secretary s Office Wendy.Mahling@ampf.com 

24 CONTENTS | INTRODUCTION | REPORT YOUR CONCERNS | ETHICAL PRINCIPLES | NAVIGATE YOUR ETHICAL QUESTIONS | CONSEQUENCES FOR NON-COMPLIANCE | RESOURCES Global Resources Reach out to resources below or refer to related company policies, procedures or related resources to report concerns and for questions or additional information. Employee Relations Group Service Center ERGSC@ampf.com Ethics Hotline U.S.: 1.800.963.6395 or ampf.ethicspoint.com All other locations: Go to ampf.ethicspoint.com and select your location for country and access codes Human Resources Executive Vice President, Human Resources: Kelli.A.Hunter@ampf.com General Counsel s Organization Executive Vice President, General Counsel: Heather.J.Melloh@ampf.com Corporate Secretary s Office Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary: Wendy.Mahling@ampf.com Risk Control Services Senior Vice President, General Auditor: Ryan.P.Burns@ampf.com Fraud and Whistleblower Oversight Committee fwbcommitteereporting@ampf.com Personal Trading Compliance personal.trading@ampf.com Report suspicious activity Complete a Report of Unusual Activity located on your intranet. If the situation is urgent, call the Suspicious Activity Hotline 1.612.671.6166 Concerns may also be raised with certain regulators listed in the whistleblower policy applicable to your business area Austria FMA 0800 249 900; via the online tool, Einf hrung (bkms-system.net); or via post: Hinweisgeberstelle, Otto Wagner Platz 5, 1090 Wie Denmark Danish Financial Supervisory Authority https://www.dfsa.dk/Whistleblower France Autorit des March s Financiers (+33)1 64 40 64 44 ; in electronic format (via the online form); or via post Germany Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) hinweisgeberstelle@bafin.de or anonymous reports via the online tool: https://www.bkms-system.net/bkwebanon/report/clientInfo?cin=2BaF6 c=-1 language=ger Italy Commissione Nazionale per le Societ e la Borsa 0039 06 8411099; whistleblowing@consob.it; or via post CONSOB, Via G. B. Martini 3, 00198, Rome. Banca d Italia Online services platform; or via post: Banca d'Italia, Via Nazionale 91 - 00184 Roma, for the attention of the Directorate General for Financial Supervision and Regulation - Supervisory Institutional Relations Directorate - External Relations Support Division (the envelope must be marked Confidential) Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier whistleblowing@cssf.lu Netherlands Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets Information Line info@afm.nl De Nederlandsche Bank Integrity Reporting Desk meldpuntmisstanden@dnb.nl Spain Comision Nacional del Mercado de Valores 900 373 362; whistleblowing@cnmv.es; or via post to Communication of infringements - Investors Department - CNMV. C/ Edison, 4, 28006 Madrid C/ Bolivia 56, (4 Planta) 08018 Barcelona. Sweden Finansinspektionen https://www.fi.se/en/about-fi/contact-us/whistleblowers/ United Kingdom FCA Whistleblowing whistle@fca.gov.uk Prudential Regulation Authority whistleblowing@bankofengland.co.uk 

Financial Planning | Retirement | Investments | Insurance Ameriprise Financial, Inc. Corporate Secretary s Office 1098 Ameriprise Financial Center, Minneapolis, MN 55474 ameriprise.com Revised January 1, 2023 Ameriprise Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Notes This document does not create a contract of employment or a contract for any specific term or condition of employment between Ameriprise Financial and an employee. Except as provided otherwise by the laws of a foreign jurisdiction, the relationship between Ameriprise Financial and an employee is at-will, meaning that either the employee or the company may terminate it at any time for any reason, with or without advance notice or progressive disciplinary action. The company reserves the right to make changes in or discontinue company policies, compensation plans, benefits and programs as it deems appropriate and these changes may be implemented even if they have not been communicated in this (or by change to this) document or otherwise. If this document refers to any company benefit program, it describes only certain highlights of the company s benefit program. It does not supersede the actual provisions of the applicable plan documents, which in all cases are the final authority. The applicable plan administrator has the sole authority and discretion to determining your eligibility to participate in the plan, interpret the plan documents and administer of the plans. Ameriprise Financial takes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy of the contents of policy documents and in the administration of its policies and programs. The company does not assume responsibility for consequential damages caused by administrative or clerical errors. 

</EX-14.C>

<EX-24>
 5
 exhibit24-12312022.htm
 EX-24

exhibit24-12312022 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY POWER OF ATTORNEY City of Minneapolis State of Minnesota Each of the undersigned as a director of Ameriprise Certificate Company, a face-amount certificate company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, hereby constitutes and appoints Abu M. Arif, Brian Granger, James R. Hill, Megan E. Garcy, Ryan C. Larrenaga and Susan M. Beltz or any one of them, as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, to sign for him or her in his or her name, place and stead any and all registration statements and amendments thereto (with all exhibits and other documents required or desirable in connection therewith) that may be prepared from time to time in connection with said Company s existing or future face-amount certificate products whether pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Investment Company Act of 1940 or otherwise and periodic and other reports, and amendments thereto, including those on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, as required pursuant to provisions of applicable federal securities laws, and any necessary or appropriate filings with states or other jurisdictions, and grants to any or all of them the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act required or necessary or appropriate in connection with such signatures or filings. Signed on this 13th day of February, 2023 /s/ Karen M. Bohn Karen M. Bohn /s/ Ronald L. Guzior Ronald L. Guzior /s/ Robert J. McReavy Robert J. McReavy Signed on this 16th day of February, 2023 /s/ Lorna P. Gleason Lorna P. Gleason 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 accexhibit311-x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Abu M. Arif, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s Abu M. Arif Abu M. Arif Chief Executive Officer 
 
 E-5 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 accexhibit312-x12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James R. Hill, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Certificate Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s James R. Hill James R. Hill Chief Financial Officer 
 
 E-6 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 accexhibit32-x12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameriprise Certificate Company (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Abu M. Arif, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and James R. Hill, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 23, 2023 By s Abu M. Arif Abu M. Arif Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s James R. Hill James R. Hill Chief Financial Officer 

E-7 

</EX-32>

