<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1733413_0001213900-23-025454.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6329205</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368738</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1124642</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2219551</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1288586</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1148158</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025454.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025454
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001733413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				824344737
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39102
		FILM NUMBER:		23787592

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 VIA FORTUNA, SUITE 360
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		737-802-1973

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 VIA FORTUNA, SUITE 360
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025454.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_tffpharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: . 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 21 ,
2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 
 
 35 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 35 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 

PART III 
 
 42 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 51 

PART IV 
 
 52 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 53 

Signatures 
 
 54 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTICE 

This annual report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those forward-looking statements include our expectations, beliefs, intentions and
strategies regarding the future. 

These and other factors that
may affect our financial results are discussed more fully in Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact
of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking
events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated
or implied in our forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances described in the
forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy
and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
We do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to update or revise such statements to reflect new circumstances or unanticipated
events as they occur, and we urge readers to review and consider disclosures we make in this and other reports that discuss factors germane
to our business. See in particular our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K subsequently filed from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks
include, but are not limited to the following: 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with limited operating history. 

We have a history of significant operating losses and anticipate continued operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

We expect we will need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

The report of our independent registered public accounting firm for
the year ended December 31, 2022 states that due to our lack of revenue from commercial operations, significant losses and need for additional
capital there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our business model is entirely dependent on certain patent rights licensed to us from the University of Texas at Austin, and the loss of those license rights would, in all likelihood, cause our business, as presently contemplated, to fail. 

Our business model includes, in part, the licensing of our TFF Platform to other pharmaceutical companies, however technology licensing in the pharmaceutical industry is a lengthy process and subject to several risks and factors outside of our control, and we cannot forecast our ability to successfully license our technology or the length of time it may take to establish a new licensing relationship. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

We will be completely dependent on third parties to manufacture our product candidates for clinical and commercial purposes, and the commercialization of our product candidates could be halted, delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices . 

If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. 

Our business operations could suffer in the event of information technology systems failures or security breaches. 

Our success is entirely dependent on our ability to obtain the marketing approval for our product candidates by the FDA and the regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions in which we intend to market our product candidates, of which there can be no assurance. 

Clinical testing is expensive, is difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates , we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited . 

Even if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions . 

iii 

Even
 though we may apply for orphan drug designation for a product candidate, we may not be able
 to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity. 

Current
 and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval
 of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 

Any
 termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary
 studies of any of our product candidates for any indications could result in increased costs
 to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
 prospects. 

Third-party
 coverage and reimbursement and health care cost containment initiatives and treatment guidelines
 may constrain our future revenues. 

It
 is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure
 the protection of these rights. 

Our
 product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase
 our costs and delay or prevent our development and commercialization efforts. 

We
 may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that
 we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged confidential information or
 trade secrets of their former employers. 

The
 market price of our shares may be subject to fluctuation and volatility. You could lose all
 or part of your investment. 

If
 securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate
 or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

Future
 capital raises may dilute your ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations. 

If
 we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we
 may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

We
 may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation. 

Our
 charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

Our
 certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery
 of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may
 be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain
 a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Background 

TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
was formed as a Delaware corporation on January 24, 2018 for the purpose of developing and commercializing innovative drug products based
on our patented Thin Film Freezing, or TFF, technology platform. Since our formation, we have focused on the development of our initial
drug candidates, the establishment of strategic relationships with established pharmaceutical companies for the licensing of our TFF technology
platform and the pursuit of additional working capital. We have not commenced revenue-producing operations. Unless otherwise indicated,
the terms TFF Pharmaceuticals, Company, we, us, and our refer to
TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Overview 

We are a clinical stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative drug products based on our patented Thin Film
Freezing, or TFF, technology platform. Based on our internal and sponsored testing and studies, we believe that our TFF platform can
significantly improve the solubility of poorly water-soluble drugs, which make up approximately 40 of marketed pharmaceuticals
worldwide, thereby improving the bioavailability and pharmacokinetics of those drugs. We believe that in the case of some new drugs
that cannot be developed due to poor water solubility, our TFF platform has the potential to increase the pharmacokinetic effect of
the drug to a level allowing for its development and commercialization. When administered as an inhaled dry powder for treatment of
lung disorders, we believe the TFF platform formulations can be used to increase efficacy and minimize systemic toxicities and
drug-drug interactions. 

As of the date of this report, we have two product candidates
in clinical trials, TFF Voriconazole Inhalation Powder, or TFF VORI, and TFF Tacrolimus Inhalation Powder, or TFF TAC. To date, we have
completed one Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers and one Phase 1b study in patients with asthma exploring the safety, tolerability
and pharmacokinetics of TFF VORI. As of the date of this report, a Phase 2 clinical trial of TFF VORI in patients with invasive pulmonary
aspergillosis has been initiated. We have also completed one Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers examining the safety, tolerability and
pharmacokinetics of TFF TAC. As of the date of this report, a Phase 2 clinical trial of TFF TAC in lung transplant patients has been
initiated. 

We are also actively engaged
in the analysis and testing of dry powder formulations of several drugs and vaccines through parenteral, topical, ocular, pulmonary and
nasal applications through feasibility studies and material transfer agreements with U.S. and international pharmaceutical companies and
certain government agencies. We intend to initially focus on the development of inhaled dry powder drugs for the treatment of pulmonary
diseases and conditions. While the TFF platform was designed to improve solubility of poorly water-soluble drugs generally, the researchers
at University of Texas at Austin, or UT, found that the technology was particularly useful in generating dry powder particles with properties
which allow for superior inhalation delivery, especially to the deep lung, which is an area of extreme interest in respiratory medicine.
We believe that our TFF platform can significantly increase the number of pulmonary drug products that can be delivered directly to the
lung. We intend to design our dry powder drug products for use with dry powder inhalers, which are generally considered to be the most
effective and patient-friendly of all breath-actuated inhalers. We plan to focus on developing inhaled dry powder formulations of existing
off-patent drugs suited for lung diseases and conditions, which we believe includes dozens of potential drug candidates, many of which
have a potential market of over 1 billion. 

We intend to directly pursue the development of dry powder formulations
of off-patent drugs through the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s, or FDA s, 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway and in corresponding
regulatory paths in other foreign jurisdictions. The 505(b)(2) pathway contains full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness
but at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the NDA applicant. 505(b)(2) products
have the potential advantage of significantly lower development costs and shorter development timelines versus traditional new molecular
entities. The clinical requirements for a 505(b)(2) drug candidate can vary widely from product to product depending primarily on whether
the product candidate claims a new indication, provides for a different route of administration or claims improved safety compared to
the existing approved product, and may include bioequivalence trials, limited safety and efficacy trials, or full Phase I through III
trials. Unless the FDA releases a guidance document, the clinical requirement for a 505(b)(2) product candidate is typically not known
until the drug sponsor has a pre-IND and an end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA. For example, based on our meetings to date with the FDA,
we believe we may need to conduct additional clinical trials beyond the current Phase 2 trials for TFF VORI and TFF TAC prior to filing
for marketing approval for either product. 

1 

TFF TAC has been awarded orphan drug status. We also believe that
in some cases our other dry powder drug products may qualify for the FDA s orphan drug status. 

We intend to commercialize
our TFF platform and internally developed product candidates through the following means: 

We may out-license our internally developed product candidates, such as TFF VORI and TFF TAC, or agree to jointly develop such products
with a third-party pharmaceutical company; 

Upon and subject to receipt of the requisite approvals, we may directly commercialize our internally developed product candidates
through a combination of our internal direct sales and third-party marketing and distribution partnerships; and 

We may pursue the licensing of our TFF platform or a joint development arrangement for a particular field
of use with a third-party pharmaceutical company. 

The Problem We Address 

Solubility is an issue that
all drugs must address. No matter how active or potentially active a new drug is against a particular molecular target, if the drug is
not available in solution at the site of action, it is most likely not a viable development candidate. Based on independent third-party
studies, 40 of currently marketed drugs and at least 75 of drugs under development have poor water solubility, which can prohibit development
since most pharmaceutical companies cannot or will not conduct rigorous preclinical and clinical studies on a molecule that does not have
a sufficient pharmacokinetic profile due to poor water solubility. Water solubility can also be an issue for some marketed drugs. Based
on independent third-party studies, only two-thirds of the drugs on the World Health Organization, or WHO, Essential Drug List were classified
as high solubility. A marketed drug with poor water solubility can show performance limitations, such as incomplete or erratic absorption,
poor bioavailability, and slow onset of action. Effectiveness can vary from patient to patient, and there can be a strong effect of food
on drug absorption. Finally, it may be necessary to increase the dose of a poorly soluble drug to obtain the efficacy required, which
can lead to adverse side effects, toxicity issues and increased costs. 

In addition to water solubility issues generally, certain drugs
that target lung conditions and diseases have poor solubility that prevents them from being delivered by way of inhalation, especially
via a breath-actuated inhaler and can only be given orally or intravenously. Breath-actuated inhalers include dry powder inhalers, metered
dose inhalers and some nebulizers. A dry powder inhaler delivers drugs in a dry powder form directly to the lungs by way of a deep, fast
breath on the mouth of the inhaler. A metered dose inhaler uses propellant to push medication to the lungs. A nebulizer creates a mist
that is breathed into the lungs through a mouthpiece. The dry powder inhaler is generally considered to be the most effective and convenient
form of breath-actuated inhaler for all users, other than for those whose severe condition does not allow them to take a sufficiently
deep breath. 

We believe the primary benefit
of a breath-actuated inhaler is its ability to administer a greater portion of the drug dosage directly to the target site. Dosing directly
to the lungs has been shown to allow for better effect with fewer adverse events. In addition, it has been shown that dosing directly
to the lungs requires a lower dose of drug, compared to delivery by oral or parenteral routes. While breath-actuated inhalers allow for
a greater portion of the administered drug to reach the treatment site, which should allow for much smaller dosages compared to oral or
intravenous delivery, not all drugs targeting lung conditions and diseases can be formulated for use with a breath-actuated inhaler. We
believe there are dozens of off-patent drugs targeting lung conditions and diseases that are currently not eligible for delivery by way
of breath-actuated inhalers, many of which have a potential market of over 1 billion. This is the market we intend to initially address
through our development of dry powder drugs utilizing our TFF platform. 

2 

Our Thin Film Freezing Platform 

Our development of dry powder drugs is enabled by technology licensed
to us by the University of Texas at Austin, or UT. Researchers at UT have developed a technology employing a process called Thin Film
Freezing, or TFF. While the TFF platform was designed to improve solubility of poorly water-soluble drugs generally, the researchers at
UT found that the technology was particularly useful in generating dry powder particles with properties suitable for inhalation delivery,
especially to the deep lung, via dry powder inhaler delivery systems, an area of extreme interest in respiratory medicine. The TFF process
results in a Brittle Matrix Particle, which exhibits a low bulk density, high surface area, and optionally an amorphous
morphology, allowing the particles to supersaturate when contacting the target site, such as lung tissue. The aerodynamic properties of
the particles are such that the amount of drug deposited to the deep lung may, in some cases, reach ten times that achieved via the oral
route. 

The TFF process, outlined in the figures below, involves processing
a drug or drugs in a solvent system, and it will often include agents designed to promote dispersion and avoid clumping and excipients
to promote adhesion to the target site. The drug solution is then applied to a cryogenic substrate, such as a liquid nitrogen cooled stainless
steel drum. When the drug solution contacts the cryogenic surface it vitrifies, or flash freezes, resulting in a drug ice. 
The solvent system is removed by lyophilization, resulting in Brittle Matrix Particles, shown in the photographs below, that are highly
porous, large surface area, low-density particles. The process uses industry standard solvents, recognized excipients, a custom-made TFF
drum and conventional process equipment. 

We believe our TFF platform
is a breakthrough platform technology for making dry powders from drugs which previously were not candidates for the dry powder inhaler
or any breath-actuated inhaler. We believe our TFF technology opens the way for direct-to-lung delivery of dozens of pharmaceuticals,
including the reformulation of existing drugs into a more safe and convenient inhaled dry powder product. We believe the technology can
be used with molecules of all types and works with existing and off-the-shelf dry powder inhalers without the need for any additional
equipment or devices. 

We believe our TFF platform
presents the following high value opportunities: 

Reformulation of drugs for lung conditions. Today, many drugs intended for lung conditions are only given orally or intravenously
due to properties that make them ill-suited for direct delivery by inhalers. Given by these routes, typically only a small fraction of
the drug reaches the lungs, and these drugs may cause unwanted and even deadly side effects. We believe that our TFF platform will for
the first time allow many of these medications to be formulated into the convenient, direct-to-lung dry powder inhaler format, thereby
enhancing efficacy and reducing or eliminating side effects by directly delivering the drug to the target site. 

3 

Biologics. Biopharmaceuticals (or biologics) are by far the fastest growing sector in the pharmaceutical industry today. According to GlobalData, the market for biologics was valued at approximately 430 billion in 2022 and is expected to reach 720 billion by 2027. Biologics are most commonly delivered intravenously, and they can be an especially challenging class of drugs for formulation into a dry powder. We believe our TFF platform is uniquely suited to meet many of the challenges of biologic formulations, and our UT collaborators have demonstrated, via animal model testing and in vitro testing, the effectiveness of the TFF technology to produce dry powder biologics with, in some cases, up to 100 activity retained. We intend to explore dry powder forms of numerous biological drugs, including drugs intended to treat indications other than lung conditions and diseases. We are also pursuing TFF formulations of aluminum salt containing vaccines, which by virtue of providing a dry powder formulation would remove the requirement for liquid suspension and cold chain. 

Combination Drugs. Combination drugs are products with two or more active pharmaceutical ingredients. In addition to providing for increased patient compliance with multiple medications, some drugs act synergistically and provide for superior benefit when given as a combination. However, combining pharmaceutical agents can be challenging, especially for inhalation delivery. Our TFF platform has shown the ability to produce fixed dose combinations of many agents in a manner that delivers the drugs simultaneously to the site of action in a precise amount. 

The TFF platform was invented
and developed by researchers at University of Texas at Austin, or UT, led by Robert O. Williams, III, Ph.D. UT has granted to us an exclusive
worldwide, royalty bearing license to the patent rights for the TFF platform in all fields of use. We continue to work with Dr. Williams
and his UT team through a series of Sponsored Research Agreements, or SRAs, with UT. Our SRAs with UT are industry standard sponsored
research agreements pursuant to which UT provides to us certain product formulation, characterization and evaluation services regarding
potential product candidates incorporating our TFF technology in exchange for our payment of UT s expenses and reasonable overhead.
The services conducted by UT were carried out under the direction of Dr. Williams, who is the principal inventor of the TFF technology.
The current SRA expires in July 2025 and is subject to renewal upon mutual agreement of the parties. The SRAs includes customary provisions
concerning confidentiality, indemnification and intellectual property rights, including each party s exclusive ownership of all
intellectual property developed solely by them and the parties joint ownership of all intellectual property developed jointly.
All patented intellectual property rights relating to the TFF technology developed solely or jointly by UT are subject to our patent
license agreement with UT and are included among our licensed patent rights. Pursuant to those
SRAs, Dr. Williams and his team, together with their labs and collaborators, provide expertise and initial development work, including: 

the
 preliminary development and in vitro evaluation of our drug candidates; 

the
 determination of the key characteristics influencing performance of our product candidates; 

the
 determination of the formulation and manufacturing parameters that influence the key characteristics
 of our product candidates; 

supply
 of bulk dry powders for initial good laboratory practice, or GLP, and non-GLP toxicity studies; 

supportive
 stability for future GLP and GMP studies; and 

the
 evaluation of the in vivo performance of our product candidates in various animal models. 

In June 2022, we established
our own laboratory in Austin,Texas where we undertake certain product formulation, characterization and evaluation services with regard
to potential product candidates. We established our own laboratory to obtain direct ownership over all intellectual property developed
within our laboratory and to address concerns on the part of our partners over potential conflicts with UT. 

Our
Internal Product Candidates 

We
intend to initially focus on the development of inhaled dry powder drugs for the treatment of pulmonary diseases and conditions. Our
dry powder drug product candidates will be designed for use with dry powder inhalers, which are generally considered to be the most effective
of all breath-actuated inhalers. We plan to focus on developing dry powder drugs intended for lung diseases and conditions that are off-patent,
which we believe includes dozens of potential drug candidates, many of which have a potential market of over 1 billion. As of the date
of this report, we have identified and are focusing on two initial drug candidates and with each we are in the early stages of clinical
development. 

4 

TFF Voriconazole Inhalation
Powder, TFF VORI For the Treatment of Invasive Pulmonary Aspergillosis 

We have developed an inhaled dry powder formulation of voriconazole,
or TFF VORI, intended to treat invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, or IPA, a severe fungal pulmonary disease with an overall 84-day all-cause
mortality rate of approximately 30 despite use of standard of care therapy. IPA occurs primarily in patients with severe immunodeficiency,
such as bone marrow and solid organ transplant recipients, and patients with chemotherapy-induced immunodeficiency, hematologic malignancy,
or HIV. To date, the approved antifungals used to treat IPA have been delivered orally or intravenously, where doses required to achieve
efficacy have been associated with systemic toxicities and drug-drug interaction issues, which places a premium on any formulation that
can improve the drugs efficacy and/or safety and tolerability. Due to the nature of these drugs, it has not been possible to make
formulations for breath-actuated inhalers that might maximize lung concentration while limiting side effects. 

Voriconazole is an off-patent, first-line drug for the treatment
of IPA. We believe TFF VORI represents an opportunity for the treatment of IPA, which has the potential to put the drug exactly where
it is needed (viz., the lung) while minimizing off target toxic effects. Voriconazole is currently marketed in Australia, Canada, Europe
and the U.S. as VFEND, and is available in several strengths and presentations for oral delivery or IV infusion. As of the date of this
report, the Clinical Practice Guidelines released by the Infectious Diseases Society of America recommend voriconazole as first-line monotherapy
for IPA. However, since the registration of VFEND in Europe and the U.S. in 2002, several studies have examined the exposure-response
relationship with voriconazole. Those studies have identified a relationship between low voriconazole exposure and higher rates of treatment
failure and high voriconazole exposure and higher propensity for neurotoxicity. Studies have also shown that voriconazole delivered orally
or intravenously is associated with a high degree of exposure variability. In the case of oral delivery, the high degree of variability
can be partly explained by the effect of food as high-fat meals decrease maximum concentrations by 34 to 58 . In addition, voriconazole
when delivered orally or intravenously has been shown to have many serious adverse reactions, including hepatic toxicity, arrhythmias
and QT prolongation, infusion related reactions , visual disturbances, severe cutaneous adverse reactions, photosensitivity and
renal toxicity. Hepatic toxicity, arrythmias and severe cutaneous adverse reactions have been associated with fatalities. These studies
confirm that when administered orally or intravenously, voriconazole provides a narrow therapeutic window between treatment success and
unacceptable treatment toxicity. 

We believe TFF VORI could be used for the treatment or prophylaxis
of IPA and would benefit patients by providing the drug at the site of invasive fungal infections, while reducing or eliminating the potential
serious side effects and fatal toxicities associated with oral and parenteral voriconazole. We believe the potential enhanced efficacy
and/or improved safety and tolerability offered by TFF VORI may decrease the rate of voriconazole treatment failures and the need for
later line therapies with their associated toxicities. We also believe that the administration of TFF VORI directly to the lungs will
remove the variability in exposures due to the effects of food. In addition, animal and in vitro studies have shown that our TFF prepared
dry powder formulation will improve the solubility of voriconazole compared to oral or intravenous delivery. We believe that the combination
of improved solubility and direct-to-lung administration of TFF VORI will increase exposures in the lung while decreasing systemic exposures
and minimizing systemic toxicities and drug-drug interactions. 

To date, we have completed Good-Laboratory Practices (GLP) repeat-dose
toxicity studies in rats (a 28-day inhalation toxicity study) and dogs (14-day, 13-week and 26-week inhalation toxicity studies). After
a pre-IND meeting and gaining FDA agreement on the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, we filed an IND and initiated and completed a Phase 1
study in healthy volunteers and a Phase 1b study in patients with asthma to assess the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of TFF
VORI. As of the date of this report, a Phase 2 clinical trial of TFF VORI in patients with invasive pulmonary aspergillosis is underway.
Future studies will be planned based on emerging data from this Phase 2 study. 

5 

TFF
Tacrolimus Inhalation Powder, TFF TAC For Prevention of Lung Transplant Rejection 

We
have developed TFF TAC, a dry powder formulation of tacrolimus, an immunosuppressive drug used in transplant medicine. Prograf (tacrolimus)
is currently the first line calcineurin inhibitor used in the maintenance regimen to prevent rejection after lung transplantation despite
its many significant systemic toxicities. 

According
to product labeling and prescribing information for Prograf, serious and otherwise important adverse drug reactions associated with Prograf
include lymphoma and other malignancies, serious infections, new onset diabetes after transplant, nephrotoxicity, neurotoxicity, hyperkalemia,
hypertension, anaphylactic reaction after injection, myocardial hypertrophy, pure red cell aplasia, and thrombotic microangiopathy, including
hemolytic uremic syndrome and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Of particular concern is nephrotoxicity, which was reported in approximately
52 of kidney transplantation patients and in 40 and 36 of liver transplantation patients receiving Prograf in the U.S. and European
randomized trials, respectively, and in 59 of heart transplantation patients in a European randomized trial. 

Tacrolimus
is an off-patent drug and we have developed TFF TAC to be used with a dry powder inhaler. Because our dry powder version would provide
for a high local lung concentration, it is expected that the oral doses of tacrolimus can be weaned to minimize systemic toxicities while
maintaining local lung immune suppression to prevent rejection. We believe our drug candidate may have a high likelihood of success in
competing in the immunosuppressant market for lung and heart/lung transplants. TFF TAC has been awarded orphan drug status. 

To
date, we have completed GLP repeat-dose toxicity studies in rats (3-day and 28-day inhalation toxicity studies) and cynomolgus monkeys
(28-day and 26-week inhalation toxicity studies). After a pre-IND meeting with the FDA, we gained FDA agreement on the 505(b)(2) regulatory
pathway. We have since completed a Phase 1 study in healthy volunteers to assess the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of TFF
TAC. As of the date of this report, a Phase 2 clinical trial of TFF TAC in patients in lung transplant patients is underway. Future studies
will be planned based on emerging data from this Phase 2 study. 

Other
Potential Dry Powder Products 

Our
business model is to develop proprietary innovative drug product candidates that offer functional or commercial advantages, or both,
to currently available alternatives. In our initial evaluation of the market, we have identified a number of potential drug candidates
that show promise upon initial assessment, for three of which we have conducted meaningful development activities, including dry powder
formulations of: 

Vaccines .
Vaccines containing aluminum salts make up approximately 35 of all vaccines. Aluminum salts are incorporated into many vaccine formulations
as an adjuvant, which is a substance added to vaccines to enhance the immune response of vaccinated individuals. A major limitation with
these vaccines is that they are fragile and to maintain their efficacy they must be formulated as liquid suspensions and kept in a cold
chain (2 8 C) during transport and storage, which is burdensome and expensive. Also, exposure of the liquid vaccines to either
ambient or freezing temperatures will cause a loss of efficacy, including particle aggregation in the case of freezing. Alternatives
to cold chain have been examined, including the introduction of stabilizing agents in vaccines to prevent aggregation during freezing
and the application of novel freezing and drying techniques; however, we believe that to date none of these techniques have led to an
acceptable alternative to cold chain. 

We
have conducted characterization analyses of certain TFF formulated aluminum salt containing vaccines. Our evaluations suggest that aluminum
salt containing vaccines can be successfully converted from liquid suspension into dry powder using our TFF platform and that the dry
powder can later be reconstituted at the time of use without causing particle aggregation or a decrease in immunogenicity. In addition,
the dry powder vaccine did not aggregate after repeated dry-freezing-and-thawing. We believe that the TFF platform may be used to formulate
new vaccines, or to reformulate existing vaccines, that are adjuvanted with aluminum salts into dry vaccine powder without an appreciable
decline in immunogenicity. 

6 

We
have engaged pharmaceutical companies in the vaccine space in discussions concerning a potential joint development of TFF formulated
aluminum salt containing vaccines. However, we do not intend to pursue the development of our dry powder formulation of aluminum salt
containing vaccines beyond performance characterization and efficacy data through early animal testing until such time, if ever, as we
obtain a development partner. There can be no assurance, however, that our early testing and development will lead to a commercial dry
powder formulation of aluminum salt containing vaccines. 

Niclosamide .
 On August 12, 2020, we entered into a licensing and collaboration agreement with UNION Therapeutics
A/S in which UNION acquired an option to obtain a worldwide exclusive license for the TFF technology formulated niclosamide. In the first
quarter of 2022, we completed a Phase 1 clinical trial of TFF Niclosamide. We and UNION Therapeutics
have not further progressed TFF Niclosamide pending the parties further review of the Phase 1 results, animal data, and anti-viral
market opportunities. We have conducted independent market research to assess the additional therapeutic and market opportunities for
TFF Niclosamide in other serious viral infections . 

Augmenta
 monoclonal antibodies
(mAbs) . On November
1, 2020, we entered into a joint development and collaboration agreement with Augmenta Bioworks, Inc. pursuant to which the parties agreed
to collaborate on the joint development of novel commercial products incorporating Augmenta s human-derived mAbs for potential
COVID-19 therapeutics. Both companies collaborated to conduct pre-clinical evaluations and successfully formulated the active pharmaceutical
ingredient. Based on the pre-clinical results in the Omicron COVID-19 variant, however we have suspended further development at this
time. 

Other
Potential Product Candidates . We have identified a number of additional promising drug candidates for dry powder formulation.
Many of these potential drug candidates are off-patent drugs for which we would directly pursue the development of a dry powder formulation
through the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. We have not commenced meaningful development activities for any of these product
candidates at this time and there can be no assurance that we will pursue any of the product candidates below. 

Candidate 
 
 Intervention 
 
 Indication 
 
 Rapamycin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Lymphangioleiomyomatosis 
 
 Alpha-1-antitrypsin 
 
 Chronic
 Treatment 
 
 Alpha-1antitrypsin
 deficiency 
 
 GM-CSF
 (filgrastim) 
 
 Treatment 
 
 Autoimmune
 pulmonary alveolar proteinosis 
 
 Treprostinil 
 
 Treatment 
 
 Pulmonary
 Arterial Hypertension 
 
 Pembrolizumab
 (Keytruda) 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Cancer:
 Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, Liver, brain, melanoma, metastatic 
 
 Cisplatin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Lung
 or esophageal cancer 
 
 Gemcitabine 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Lung
 or esophageal cancer 
 
 Isoniazid/Rifampicin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Tuberculosis 
 
 Amphotericin
 B 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Antifungal 
 
 Palivizumab 
 
 Prophylaxis 
 
 Tuberculosis 
 
 Ciprofloxacin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Infection 
 
 Tobramycin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Infection 
 
 Azithromycin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Infection 
 
 Calcium
 channel blockers 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Raynaud s
 disease 
 
 Sumatriptin 
 
 Acute
 Treatment 
 
 Migraine 
 
 Stem
 cells 
 
 Lung
 remodeling 
 
 Pneumococcal
 pneumonia; cardiomyopathy 

We
believe that our TFF technology provides a diverse and effective way to develop solutions for lung specific disorders. Many potentially
beneficial drugs for lung diseases and disorders are unable to be dosed in high enough concentrations to provide therapeutic benefit
to the lung due to the systemic nature (oral or IV dosing) of the drug leading to systemic toxicities before the drug reaches therapeutic
levels in the lung. We believe our TFF platform has the potential to take these difficult to formulate drugs and develop products to
be delivered directly to the lung for treatment of lung disorders. This direct dosing to the lung may reduce plasma levels and has the
potential to increase efficacy while reducing side effects. 

7 

Our
Intended Regulatory Pathway 

The 505(b)(2) pathway is intended
for molecules that have been previously approved by the FDA or have already been proven to be safe and effective. A 505(b)(2) product
reformulates the known molecule in a new strength or dosage form, or for a new route of administration. 505(b)(2) products have the advantage
of potentially significantly lower development costs and shorter development timelines versus traditional new molecular entities. We intend
to maximize our use of the 505(b)(2) pathway for our current product candidates. 

A
505(b)(2) new drug application, or NDA, is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and effectiveness, but
where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant. This alternate
regulatory pathway enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s findings of safety and efficacy for an existing product,
or published literature, in support of its application. A 505(b)(2) product candidate might rely on the clinical studies or literature
of a previously FDA-approved drug or rely on the literature and physician usage of an FDA-unapproved drug. The clinical requirements
for a 505(b)(2) drug candidate can vary widely from product to product depending primarily on whether the product candidate claims
a new indication or claims improved safety compared to the existing approved product, and may include bioequivalence trials, limited
safety and efficacy trials, or full Phase I through III trials. Unless the FDA releases a
guidance document, the clinical requirement for a new product candidate is typically not known until the drug sponsor has obtained
 FDA feedback .
We believe there is a significant opportunity to pursue dry powder formulations of off-patent drugs using the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. 

Because
our 505(b)(2) dry powder drug candidates will represent a new formulation of an existing drug, we will need to obtain FDA approval of
the TFF prepared drug candidate before we can begin commercialization. However, because we begin our formulation with a drug that has
previously received FDA approval in another form, we believe that in most cases we should qualify for the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory
pathway, which potentially will take less time and investment than the standard FDA approval process. 

TFF
TAC has been awarded orphan drug status. We also believe that in some cases our other dry powder drug products may qualify for the FDA s
orphan drug status. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition
generally affecting fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or in other limited cases. Orphan drug designation provides
for seven years of exclusivity, independent of patent protection, to the company that brings a particular orphan drug to market. In addition,
companies developing orphan drugs are eligible for certain incentives, including tax credits for qualified clinical testing. Furthermore,
an NDA for a product that has received orphan drug designation is not subject to a prescription drug user fee unless the application
includes an indication other than the rare disease or condition for which the drug was designated. 

Manufacturing 

We
have entered into short-term contract manufacturing agreements with Societal CDMO, CoreRx, Inc., Catalent Pharma Solutions, and Experic,
LLC for their provision of certain product testing, development and preclinical and clinical manufacturing services for our TFF VORI
and TFF TAC product candidates. Our agreements with Societal CDMO, CoreRx, Catalent, and Experic include customary provisions concerning
confidentiality, indemnification and intellectual property rights, including our exclusive ownership of all intellectual property developed
severally or jointly relating to our TFF technology. We have not entered into agreements with any contract manufacturers for commercial
supply, however, we believe that Societal CDMO, CoreRx, Catalent, and Experic, among several other manufacturers, have the experience
and the capacity to serve as a commercial contract manufacturer. We believe we will be able to engage a commercial contract manufacturer
for our product candidates in a timely manner at competitive pricing. 

Each
of CoreRx s, Societal CDMO s, Catalent s, and Experic s facilities and services are conducted in accordance with
the FDA s current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, regulations. Pursuant to the agreements with CoreRx, Societal CDMO, Catalent,
and Experic, they will support clinical supplies and provide release and stability testing of the respective TFF drug product candidate.
Specific tasks will include: 

Engineering
 review and TFF technology installation; 

Familiarization
 with TFF technology, including powder processing and handling; 

Analytical
 method transfer, development, and validation; 

8 

Conducting
 process development trials and short-term supportive stability analysis; 

Scale-up
 and demonstration batches of the product candidate; 

Manufacture
 and analytical characterization of materials to support toxicology studies, both placebo
 and active; 

Process
 train qualification for cGMP manufacturing; 

Manufacturing
 and release of cGMP batches for clinical trials; and 

Conducting
 formal stability study under the guidelines of International Council for Harmonisation of
 Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, or ICH. 

Licenses
and Intellectual Property Rights 

We
hold rights to our TFF technology pursuant to a patent license agreement with the University of Texas at Austin, or UT. UT is the owner
of 141 U.S. and international patents and patent applications with claims covering the TFF platform. Pursuant to the patent license agreement,
we hold an exclusive worldwide, royalty bearing license to the rights to all current and future patents held by UT relating to the TFF
technology, including any divisionals, continuations and extensions, in all fields of use. The patent license agreement also provides
us with a non-exclusive license to all know-how related to the TFF technology. We have also filed four US and foreign patent applications
relating to certain elements of the thin film freezing platform. 

We
are required to pay royalties to UT in the amount of 2 of net sales received by us from the sale of products covered by the licensed
patent rights. We will also be required to make certain milestone payments to UT in connection with the certain regulatory submissions
and approvals and pay fees in connection with any assignments or sublicenses, including: 

50,000
 upon each approval of an IND for the first indication of each product candidate; 

100,000
 upon submission of a final Phase II report (or a foreign equivalent) on the first product
 candidate; 

250,000
 upon submission of a final Phase III report (or a foreign equivalent) on the first product
 candidate; 

500,000
 upon regulatory approval in the U.S. (or a foreign equivalent) on the first product candidate;
 and 

500,000
 upon regulatory approval in the U.S. (or a foreign equivalent) on the second product candidate
 or on the second indication of the first product candidate. Pursuant to the UT patent license
 agreement, UT has agreed to consult with us concerning the development and implementation
 of a strategy for the prosecution and maintenance of the licensed patent rights, including
 any infringement of the licensed patents rights by third parties. However, UT has retained
 control and final decision-making authority over such matters. We are responsible for the
 payment of all fees and expenses involved in the prosecution and maintenance of the licensed
 patent rights and are obligated to negotiate in good faith with UT over the funding and allocation
 of any recovery involved in any patent infringement action brought to enforce the licensed
 patent rights, which are presently scheduled to expire over a period of time commencing in
 2023 and ending in 2035. The term of the UT patent license agreement is co-terminus with
 the licensed patent rights. However, UT has the right to terminate the patent license agreement,
 or any part of the licensed patent rights or field of use, in the event of our breach of
 any provision of the patent license agreement that remains uncured after UT s written
 notice of breach and an applicable cure period or in the event we initiate any proceeding
 to challenge the validity or scope of the licensed patent rights. The agreement also contains
 customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities by the parties. 

In
addition to the licensed patent rights, we also rely on our trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop
and maintain our proprietary position. We will vigorously defend our intellectual property to preserve our rights and gain the benefit
of our technological investments. 

9 

Government
Regulations and Funding 

Pharmaceutical
companies are subject to extensive regulation by foreign, federal, state and local agencies, such as the U.S. FDA, and various similar
agencies in most countries worldwide. The manufacture, distribution, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are subject to government
regulation in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Additionally, in the U.S., we must follow rules and regulations established by
the FDA requiring the presentation of data indicating that our product candidates are safe and efficacious and are manufactured in accordance
with cGMP regulations. If we do not comply with applicable requirements, we may be fined, the government may refuse to approve our marketing
applications or allow us to manufacture or market our product candidates, and we may be criminally prosecuted. We, our manufacturers
and clinical research organizations, may also be subject to regulations under other foreign, federal, state and local laws, including,
but not limited to, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act and import,
export and customs regulations as well as the laws and regulations of other countries. The U.S. government has increased its enforcement
activity regarding illegal marketing practices domestically and internationally. As a result, pharmaceutical companies must ensure their
compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act. 

These
regulatory requirements impact our operations and differ from one country to another, so that securing the applicable regulatory approvals
of one country does not imply the approval of another country. The approval procedures involve high costs and are manpower intensive,
usually extend over many years and require highly skilled and professional resources. 

FDA
Market Approval Process 

The
steps usually required to be taken before a new drug may be marketed in the U.S. generally include: 

completion
 of pre-clinical laboratory and animal testing; 

completion
 of required chemistry, manufacturing and controls testing; 

the
 submission to the FDA of an IND, which must be evaluated and found acceptable by the FDA
 before human clinical trials may commence; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, pharmacokinetics
 and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

submission
 and approval of an NDA; 

successful
 pre-approval inspection of the manufacturer and analytical testing facilities; and 

agreement
 with FDA of the label language, including the prescribing information insert. 

Clinical
studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, what types of patients may enter the
study, schedules of tests and procedures, drugs, dosages, and length of study, as well as the parameters to be used in monitoring safety,
and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical study and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND process. 

Clinical
trials are usually conducted in three phases. Phase I clinical trials are normally conducted in small groups of healthy volunteers to
assess safety and tolerability of various dosing regimens and pharmacokinetics. After a safe dose has been established, in Phase II clinical
trials the drug is administered to small populations of sick patients to look for initial signs of efficacy via dose ranging studies
in treating the targeted disease or condition and to continue to assess safety and the effective doses to be studied in larger trials
in Phase III. In the case of vaccines, the participants are healthy and the signs of efficacy can be obtained in early Phase I, therefore
this Phase is defined as Phase I/II. Phase III clinical trials are usually multi-center, double-blind controlled trials in hundreds or
even thousands of subjects at various sites to assess as fully as possible both the safety and effectiveness of the drug. 

10 

Clinical
trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements. The FDA may order the temporary
or permanent discontinuation of a clinical study at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical study is not
being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or that the participants are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. An institutional
review board, or IRB, generally must approve the clinical trial design and patient informed consent at study sites that the IRB oversees
and also may halt a study, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose
other conditions. Additionally, some clinical studies are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical
study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group recommends whether or not a trial may move forward at
designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. The clinical study sponsor may also suspend or terminate a clinical
trial based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. 

As
a product candidate moves through the clinical testing phases, manufacturing processes are further defined, refined, controlled and validated.
The level of control and validation required by the FDA increases as clinical studies progress. We and the third-party manufacturers
on which we rely for the manufacture of our product candidates and their respective components (including the API) are subject to requirements
that drugs be manufactured, packaged and labeled in conformity with cGMPs. To comply with cGMP requirements, manufacturers must continue
to spend time, money and effort to meet requirements relating to personnel, facilities, equipment, production and process, labeling and
packaging, quality control, recordkeeping and other requirements. 

Assuming
completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed information on the product candidate
is submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA, requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications, together with payment
of a user fee, unless waived. An NDA includes all relevant data available from pertinent nonclinical and clinical studies, including
negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information on the chemistry, manufacture, controls
and proposed labeling, among other things. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity
to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended use to the satisfaction of the FDA. The FDA also conducts
a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturer and laboratory prior to approval of the NDA. 

If
an NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or
PDUFA, the FDA s goal is to complete its initial review and respond to the applicant within ten months of submission, unless the
application relates to an unmet medical need, or is for a serious or life-threatening indication, in which case the goal may be within
six months of NDA submission. However, PDUFA goal dates are not legal mandates and the FDA response often occurs several months beyond
the original PDUFA goal date. Further, the review process and the target response date under PDUFA may be extended if the FDA requests
or the NDA sponsor otherwise provides additional information or clarification regarding information already provided in the NDA. The
NDA review process can, accordingly, be very lengthy. During its review of an NDA, the FDA may refer the application to an advisory committee
for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation
of an advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations. Data from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the
FDA and/or any advisory committee it appoints may interpret data differently than the applicant. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and inspects manufacturing facilities where the drug product and/or its API will be produced and tested, it
will either approve commercial marketing of the drug product with prescribing information for specific indications or issue a complete
response letter indicating that the application is not ready for approval and stating the conditions that must be met in order to secure
approval of the NDA. If the complete response letter requires additional data and the applicant subsequently submits that data, the FDA
nevertheless may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy its criteria for approval. The FDA could also approve the NDA with a
Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication
plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools.
The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications,
or a commitment to conduct post-marketing testing. Such post-marketing testing may include Phase IV clinical trials and surveillance
to further assess and monitor the product s safety and efficacy after approval. Regulatory approval of products for serious or
life-threatening indications may require that participants in clinical studies be followed for long periods to determine the overall
survival benefit of the drug. 

11 

If
the FDA approves one of our product candidates, we will be required to comply with a number of post-approval regulatory requirements.
We would be required to report, among other things, certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, provide updated safety
and efficacy information and comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for any of our product candidates.
Also, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval, and the FDA periodically inspects
manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs, which imposes extensive procedural, substantive and record keeping requirements.
If we seek to make certain changes to an approved product, such as certain manufacturing changes, we may need FDA review and approval
before the change can be implemented. 

While
physicians may use products for indications that have not been approved by the FDA, we may not label or promote the product for an indication
that has not been approved. Securing FDA approval for new indications is similar to the process for approval of the original indication
and requires, among other things, submitting data from adequate and well-controlled studies that demonstrate the product s safety
and efficacy in the new indication. Even if such studies are conducted, the FDA may not approve any change in a timely fashion, or at
all. 

The
FDA may also require post-marketing testing, or Phase IV testing, as well as risk minimization action plans and surveillance to monitor
the effects of an approved product or place conditions or an approval that could otherwise restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

Section
505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 

We
intend to submit applications for both of our lead therapeutic candidates via the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. As an alternate path
for FDA approval of new indications or new formulations of previously-approved products, a company may file a Section 505(b)(2) NDA,
instead of a stand-alone or full NDA. Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA was enacted as part of the Drug Price
Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Section 505(b)(2) permits the submission
of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for
which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Some examples of products that may be allowed to follow a 505(b)(2) path to
approval are drugs that have a new dosage form, strength, route of administration, formulation or indication. 

The
Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit the applicant to rely upon certain published nonclinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved
product or the FDA s conclusions from prior review of such studies. The FDA may require companies to perform additional studies
or measurements to support any changes from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product for all or some of the labeled
indications for which the reference product has been approved, as well as for any new indication supported by the Section 505(b)(2) application.
While references to nonclinical and clinical data not generated by the applicant or for which the applicant does not have a right of
reference are allowed, all development, process, stability, qualification and validation data related to the manufacturing and quality
of the new product must be included in an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2). 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s conclusions regarding studies conducted for an already
approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s
Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, or Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the
required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will
expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed
by the new product. The Section 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity
for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the reference product has expired. If the Orange Book
certifications outlined above are not accomplished, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense
in the development of its products only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its products may be commercialized. 

12 

Orphan
Drugs 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition affecting fewer than
200,000 individuals in the United States, or in other limited cases. Orphan drug designation (ODD) provides for seven years of market
exclusivity, independent of patent protection, to the company with ODD that brings a particular product to market. In addition, companies
developing orphan drugs are eligible for certain incentives, including tax credits for qualified clinical testing. In addition, an NDA
for a product that has received orphan drug designation is not subject to a prescription drug user fee unless the application includes
an indication other than the rare disease or condition for which the drug was designated. 

To
gain exclusivity, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition
for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to the orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any
other applications to market the same active moiety for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as
another drug s showing of clinical superiority over the drug with orphan exclusivity. Competitors, however, may receive approval
of different active moieties for the same indication or obtain approval for the same active moiety for a different indication. In addition,
doctors may prescribe products for off-label uses and undermine our exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity could block the approval of
one of our product candidates for seven years if a competitor obtains approval for the same active moiety for the same indication before
we do, unless we are able to demonstrate that our product is clinically superior. 

We
may plan to pursue orphan drug designation and exclusivity for some of our product candidates in the United States, European Union, and
other geographies of interest for specific products. We cannot guarantee that we will obtain orphan drug designation for any products
in any jurisdiction. Even if we are able to obtain orphan drug designation for a product, we cannot be sure that such product will be
approved, that we will be able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity upon approval, if ever, or that we will be able to maintain any exclusivity
that is granted. 

Continuing
Regulation 

After
a drug is approved for marketing and enters the marketplace, numerous regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include, but are
not limited to: 

the
 FDA s cGMP regulations require manufacturers, including third party manufacturers,
 to follow stringent requirements for the methods, facilities and controls used in manufacturing,
 processing and packing of a drug product; 

labeling
 regulations and the FDA prohibitions against the promotion of drugs for unapproved uses (known
 as off-label uses), as well as requirements to provide adequate information on both risks
 and benefits during promotion of the drug; 

approval
 of product modifications or use of a drug for an indication other than approved in an NDA; 

adverse
 drug experience regulations, which require us to report information on adverse events during
 pre-market testing and post-approval safety reporting; 

NDA
 quarterly reporting for the first three years, then annual reporting thereafter, of changes
 in chemistry, manufacturing and control or CMC, labeling, clinical studies and findings,
 and toxicology studies from the data submitted in the NDA; 

post-market
 testing and surveillance requirements, including Phase IV trials, when necessary to protect
 the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the drug; and 

the
 FDA s recall authority, whereby it can ask, or under certain conditions order, drug
 manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws
 and regulation. After a drug receives approval, any modification in conditions of use, active
 ingredient(s), route of administration, dosage form, strength or bioavailability, will require
 a new approval, for which it may be possible to submit a 505(b)(2), accompanied by additional
 clinical data necessary to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the product with the
 proposed changes. Additional clinical studies may be required for proposed changes. 

13 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

For
products distributed in the United States, we will also be subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal
government and the states in which we conduct our business. Applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the
following: 

The
 federal healthcare anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly
 and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly,
 in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the
 purchase, order, or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made
 under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

The
 Ethics in Patient Referrals Act, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, and its corresponding
 regulations, prohibit physicians from referring patients for designated health services (including
 outpatient drugs) reimbursed under the Medicare or Medicaid programs to entities with which
 the physicians or their immediate family members have a financial relationship or an ownership
 interest, subject to narrow regulatory exceptions, and prohibits those entities from submitting
 claims to Medicare or Medicaid for payment of items or services provided to a referred beneficiary; 

The
 federal False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower
 or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing
 to be presented, to the federal government claims for payment that are false or fraudulent
 or making a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to
 the federal government; 

Health
 Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, imposes criminal and civil liability
 for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and also imposes obligations,
 including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security
 and transmission of individually identifiable health information. This statute also prohibits
 knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any
 materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
 items, or services; and 

Analogous
 state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply
 to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed
 by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and some state laws require
 pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance
 guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government. 

Reimbursement 

Sales
of our product candidates in the United States may depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the product candidates will be
covered by third-party payers, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. These
third-party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Additionally, the containment of
health care costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The
United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment
programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of
price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures,
could further limit our net revenue and results. If these third-party payers do not consider our product candidates to be cost-effective
compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our product candidates after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if
they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our product candidates on a profitable basis. 

14 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, imposes new requirements for the distribution and
pricing of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries and includes a major expansion of the prescription drug benefit under Medicare
Part D. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities which will provide coverage
of outpatient prescription drugs. Part D plans include both stand-alone prescription drug benefit plans and prescription drug coverage
as a supplement to Medicare Advantage plans. Unlike Medicare Parts A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. Part D prescription
drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies
which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic
category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part
D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs
of prescription drugs may increase demand for product candidates for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices
for our product candidates covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain.
Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payers often follow Medicare coverage policy
and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar
reduction in payments from non-governmental payers. 

On
February 17, 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 was signed into law. This law provides funding for the federal
government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. A plan for the research will be developed by the
Department of Health and Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes of Health, and periodic
reports on the status of the research and related expenditures will be made to Congress. Although the results of the comparative effectiveness
studies are not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payers, it is not clear how such a result could be avoided
and what if any effect the research will have on the sales of our product candidates, if any such product or the condition that it is
intended to treat is the subject of a study. It is also possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a
competitor s product could adversely affect the sales of our product candidates. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our
product candidates or a decision by a third-party payer to not cover our product candidates could reduce physician usage of the product
candidates and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Employees
and Human Capital Resources 

As
of the date of this report, we have 15 employees, including our executive officers, and several consultants providing technical, financial
and general administrative services. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel
through the granting of stock-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating
such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Available
Information 

Our
website is located at www.tffpharma.com. The information on or accessible through our website is not part of this annual report on Form
10-K. A copy of this annual report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also
maintains an internet site that contains reports and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. 

15 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before purchasing our common stock, you should read and consider carefully the following
risk factors as well as all other information contained in this report, including our financial statements and the related notes. Each
of these risk factors, either alone or taken together, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition,
as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know
of or that we currently believe are immaterial, which could also impair our business and financial position. If any of the events described
below were to occur, our financial condition, our ability to access capital resources, our results of operations and/or our future growth
prospects could be materially and adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. As a result, you could lose
some or all of any investment you may make in our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We are a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company with limited operating history . We are a biopharmaceutical company, newly-formed in January 2018, and
have limited operating history. We have not commenced revenue-producing operations. In 2021, we completed Phase I human clinical trials
for our TFF VORI and TFF TAC product candidates and as of the date of this report we have Phase 2 clinical trials underway for both product
candidates. To date, our operations have otherwise consisted of preliminary research and development, drug formulation and characterization
and testing of our initial product candidates. Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our
technology or prospective operations. As a development stage biopharmaceutical company, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the
organization, financing, expenditures, complications and delays involved with a new business. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects
in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development,
especially clinical-stage biopharmaceutical companies such as ours. Potential investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
that a company with a limited operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that we may be unable to: 

successfully
 implement or execute our business plan, or ensure that our business plan is sound; 

successfully
 complete pre-clinical and clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for the marketing
 of our product candidates; 

successfully
 demonstrate a favorable differentiation between our dry powder candidates and the current
 products on the market; 

our
 ability to commercially license our TFF platform to other pharmaceuticals companies; 

successfully
 contract for the manufacture of our clinical drug products and establish a commercial drug
 supply; 

secure
 market exclusivity and/or adequate intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

attract
 and retain an experienced management and advisory team; and 

raise
 sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan, including product
 and clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization for our product candidates. 

Investors
should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. There
can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. If we cannot successfully
execute any one of the foregoing, our business may not succeed and your investment will be adversely affected. You must be prepared to
lose all of your investment. 

We have a history of
significant operating losses and anticipate continued operating losses for the foreseeable future . For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred a net loss of 31.8 million and 31.0 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an
accumulated deficit of 97.1 million. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses without any corresponding revenues unless and
until we are able to obtain regulatory approval and successfully commercialize at least one of our product candidates or enter into one
or more commercial license agreements for our TFF platform. However, there can be no assurance we will be able to obtain regulatory approval
for any of our product candidates or enter into a commercial license. Even if we are able to obtain regulatory approval and subsequently
commercialize our product candidates or successfully license our TFF platform, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant
revenues or ever achieve profitability. 

16 

We
expect to have significant research, regulatory and development expenses as we advance our product candidates towards commercialization.
As a result, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, and these losses will be increasing. We are uncertain
when or if we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain
profitability in subsequent periods. Failure to become and remain profitable may impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely
affect our business and our ability to raise capital. If we are unable to generate positive cash flow within a reasonable period of time,
we may be unable to further pursue our business plan or continue operations, in which case you may lose your entire investment. 

We expect we will need
additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable
terms or at all. As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of approximately 24.1 million and working capital of approximately
 17.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, our liquidity included approximately 16.6 million of cash and cash equivalents. As of the date
of this report, we believe that we will need additional capital to fund our operations over the twelve months from the date of this report.
We intend to seek additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity and debt securities, licensing
fees for our technology and co-development and joint ventures with industry partners, with a preference towards licensing fees for our
technology and co-development and joint ventures with industry partners. In addition, we will consider alternatives to our current business
plan that may enable to us to achieve revenue producing operations and meaningful commercial success with a smaller amount of capital.
However, there can be no guarantees that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing
is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue operations,
in which case you may lose your entire investment. 

The report of our independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 states that due to our lack of revenue from commercial operations,
significant losses and need for additional capital there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
business model is entirely dependent on certain patent rights licensed to us from the University of Texas at Austin, and the loss of
those license rights would, in all likelihood, cause our business, as presently contemplated, to fail. We hold an exclusive worldwide,
royalty bearing license to the patent rights for the TFF platform in all fields of use granted by the University of Texas at Austin,
or UT. Our current business model, which focuses exclusively on the development of drugs using the TFF technology, is based entirely
on the availability of the patent rights licensed to us by UT under the patent license agreement. The patent license agreement requires
us to pay royalties and milestone payments and conform to a variety of covenants and agreements, and in the event of our breach of the
agreement, UT may elect to terminate the agreement. As of the date of this report, we believe we are in compliance with the patent license
agreement and consider our relationship with UT to be excellent. However, in the event of our breach of the patent license agreement
for any reason, and our inability to cure such breach within any cure period or obtain a waiver from UT, we could lose the patent license
agreement, which would result in our loss of all rights to the TFF technology. 

Our
business model includes the licensing of our TFF Platform to other pharmaceutical companies, however technology licensing in the pharmaceutical
industry is a lengthy process and subject to several risks and factors outside of our control, and we cannot forecast our ability to
successfully license our technology or the length of time it takes to establish a new licensing relationship. Our business model
includes the joint development of dry powder formulations of proprietary drugs owned or licensed by other pharmaceutical companies. As
of the date of this report, we are at various stages of feasibility studies of new chemical entities with multiple U.S. and international
pharmaceutical companies. Our involvement with these pharmaceuticals companies typically begins with our formulation of dry powder versions
of one or more proprietary drugs owned by the pharmaceutical company, followed by a period of feasibility testing and evaluation of the
dry powder formulations by our potential licensee. Assuming the feasibility study is successful, and our dry powder formulation appears
to provide the expected benefits, our ability to convert the successful test into a commercial license of our TFF platform is dependent
on a number of risks and factors, many of which are outside our control, including: 

the
 rate of adoption and incorporation of new technologies, including our TFF platform by members
 of the pharmaceutical industry generally; 

our
 potential licensee s internal evaluation of the economic benefits of marketing a dry
 powder version of a drug that may be currently marketed by the potential licensee, regardless
 of the benefits or advantages of the dry powder version; 

our
 potential licensee s internal budgetary and product development issues, including their
 ability to commit the capital and human resources towards the development and of the dry
 powder product candidate; 

our
 potential licensee s willingness to accept our requirements for upfront fees and ongoing
 royalties; and 

the
 other risks relating to the adoption of our TFF platform discussed through this Risk
 Factor section. 

In
addition, we believe that in many cases our potential licensee engages with us in the early-stage feasibility testing as part of their
evaluation of multiple drug and drug delivery options and prior to making any decision or commitment to the development of a dry powder
version of their proprietary drug product. Consequently, even if our TFF platform is successful in early feasibility studies, our potential
licensee may decide, for reasons unrelated to the performance of our TFF platform, not to enter into a license agreement with us. Therefore,
we are unable to predict the degree to which our proposed licensing model will be successful. 

17 

Our business may be
adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 outbreak. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was reported to
have surfaced in Wuhan, China. In January 2020, this coronavirus spread to other countries, including the United States, and efforts
to contain the spread of COVID-19 have included lock-downs and self-isolation procedures, which have, at times. significantly limited
business operations and restricted internal and external meetings. As of the date of this report, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a relatively
insignificant impact on our operations. During 2020, we experienced a temporary suspension of dosing in the Phase I clinical trial for
TFF TAC due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the pandemic has otherwise caused minor slowing in the timing of certain non-clinical and clinical
activities by us and our collaborators and service providers during 2020 and 2021. However, the COVID-19 pandemic has not caused us to
forego, abandon or materially delay any proposed activities. While we believe we have been able to effectively manage the disruption
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to date, there can be no assurance that our operations, including the development of our drug candidates,
will not be disrupted or materially adversely affected in the future by the COVID-19 pandemic or an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious
disease like the outbreak of COVID-19. Further, the outbreak and any preventative or protective actions that our customers may take in
respect of COVID-19 may result in a period of disruption to other work in progress. Our customers businesses could be disrupted,
and our future costs and potential revenues and technology evaluations could be negatively affected. Any resulting financial impact cannot
be reasonably estimated at this time but may materially affect our business and financial condition. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 

We
currently have no sales and marketing organization. If we are unable to establish satisfactory sales and marketing capabilities or secure
a third-party sales and marketing relationship, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. 
At present, we have no sales or marketing personnel. Upon and subject to initial receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals for one
or more of our drug products, we intend to commercialize our drug products through a combination of our internal direct sales force,
third-party marketing and distribution relationships. In some cases, such as involving the development of combination drugs or the development
of dry powder formulations of patented drugs, we intend to pursue the licensing of our TFF technology or enter into a joint development
arrangement. If we are not successful in recruiting sales and marketing personnel and building a sales and marketing infrastructure or
entering into appropriate collaboration arrangements with third parties, we will have difficulty successfully commercializing our product
candidates, which would adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Even
if we enter into third-party marketing and distribution arrangements, we may have limited or no control over the sales, marketing and
distribution activities of these third parties. Our future revenues may depend heavily on the success of the efforts of these third parties.
In terms of establishing a sales and marketing infrastructure, we will have to compete with established and well-funded pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain sales and marketing personnel. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to
build an internal sales organization or enter into collaboration arrangements with third parties include: 

our
 inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the
 inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade adequate numbers of physicians
 to prescribe any of our product candidates; 

the
 lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive
 disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

unforeseen
 costs and expenses associated with creating an internal sales and marketing organization. 

We will be completely
dependent on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and the commercialization of our product candidates could be halted,
delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or
prices. We do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture our drug candidates
for use in our clinical trials or for commercial sales, if any. As a result, we will be obligated to rely on contract manufacturers,
if and when any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization. We have entered into short-term contract manufacturing
agreements with IriSys, Inc., CoreRx, Inc. and Experic for their provision of certain product testing, development and clinical manufacturing
services for our TFF VORI and TFF TAC product candidates, respectively, and we are currently in discussion with several contract manufacturers
for the commercial supply of any drug candidates we are able to bring to market. However, we have not entered into agreements with any
contract manufacturers for commercial supply and may not be able to engage contract manufacturers for commercial supply of any of our
product candidates on favorable terms to us, or at all, should the need arise. 

18 

The
facilities used by our current and future contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such approvals are subject to inspections that will be conducted after we submit a New Drug
Application, or NDA, or Biologics License Application, or BLA, to the FDA or their equivalents to other relevant regulatory authorities.
We will not control the manufacturing process of our product candidates, and will be completely dependent on our contract manufacturing
partners for compliance with Current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished
drug products. These cGMP regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control, storage, distribution and record
keeping relating to our product candidates. If our contract manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our
specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, we will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval
for product made at their manufacturing facilities. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities
for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing
facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product
candidates, if approved. Likewise, we could be negatively impacted if any of our contract manufacturers elect to discontinue their business
relationship with us. 

Our
contract manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. We will not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance
with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our product
candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, inability to supply product, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions,
any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business. In addition, we will not have control over the ability of our contract
manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers
to comply with or maintain any of these standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval
for or market any of our product candidates, if approved. 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators
or enter into favorable agreements with them and we cannot be certain that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity
to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant
difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, or finished products or should
cease doing business with us for any reason, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our product candidates
or may not be able to create a supply of our product candidates at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing difficulties, our ability
to produce a sufficient supply of any of our product candidates might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate the efforts
of our third-party manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could impair
our ability to supply any of our product candidates at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that we would
need to satisfy in order to qualify a new bulk drug substance or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties
with our then current manufacturing partners, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our product candidates
if we decided to transfer the manufacture of any of our product candidates to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal
with such difficulties. 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in development delays and
lost sales. Additionally, we will rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our product candidates. Any
such reliance on suppliers may involve several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control
over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to the operation of one of our contract
manufacturers caused by problems with suppliers could delay shipment of any of our product candidates, increase our cost of goods sold
and result in lost sales. 

If
product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization
of our product candidates. We will face a potential risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product
candidates and will face an even greater risk of such liability if we commercialize any of our product candidates. For example, we may
be sued if any product we develop, including any of our product candidates, or any materials that we use in our product candidates allegedly
causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability
claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product,
negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. In the U.S., claims could also be asserted against us under state consumer protection
acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required
to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense of these claims would require us to employ significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for any of our product candidates or any future products that we may develop; 

injury
 to our reputation; 

failure
 to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

withdrawal
 of participants in our clinical trials; 

costs
 associated with our defense of the related litigation; 

19 

a
 diversion of our management s time and our resources; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

the
 inability to commercialize some or all of our product candidates; and 

a
 decline in the value of our stock. 

As
of the date of this report, we have procured insurance coverage for our human clinical trials, which we consider adequate for our current
level of clinical testing and development, however we do not carry product liability insurance. We intend to obtain product liability
insurance at the time we commence commercial sale of our initial product. Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability
insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization
of products we develop. Although we will endeavor to obtain and maintain such insurance in coverage amounts we deem adequate, any claim
that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part,
by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies would also have various exclusions,
and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. As a result, we may have to pay any amounts awarded
by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not
have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. 

Our
business operations could suffer in the event of information technology systems failures or security breaches . While we
believe that we have implemented adequate security measures within our internal information technology and networking systems, our information
technology systems may be subject to security breaches, damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, and telecommunication
failures. Any system failure or security breach could cause interruptions in our operations in addition to the possibility of losing
proprietary information and trade secrets. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of
our confidential information, our competitive position may be adversely affected and we may incur liability or additional costs to remedy
the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches. 

Sales
of counterfeit versions of our product candidates, as well as unauthorized sales of our product candidates, may have adverse effects
on our revenues, business, results of operations and damage our brand and reputation. Our product candidates may become subject
to competition from counterfeit pharmaceutical products, which are pharmaceutical products sold under the same or very similar brand
names and/or having a similar appearance to genuine products, but which are sold without proper licenses or approvals. Such products
divert sales from genuine products, often are of lower cost and quality (having different ingredients or formulations, for example),
and have the potential to damage the reputation for quality and effectiveness of the genuine product. Obtaining regulatory approval for
our product candidates is a complex and lengthy process. If during the period while the regulatory approval is pending illegal sales
of counterfeit products begin, consumers may buy such counterfeit products, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business
and results of operations. In addition, if illegal sales of counterfeits result in adverse side effects to consumers, we may be associated
with any negative publicity resulting from such incidents. Although pharmaceutical regulation, control and enforcement systems throughout
the world have been increasingly active in policing counterfeit pharmaceuticals, we may not be able to prevent third parties from manufacturing,
selling or purporting to sell counterfeit products competing with our product candidates. Such sales may also be occurring without our
knowledge. The existence and any increase in production or sales of counterfeit products or unauthorized sales could negatively impact
our revenues, brand reputation, business and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Product Regulation 

Our
success is entirely dependent on our ability to obtain the marketing approval for our product candidates by the FDA and the regulatory
authorities in foreign jurisdictions in which we intend to market our product candidates, of which there can be no assurance. 
We are not permitted to market our product candidates as prescription pharmaceutical products in the United States until we receive approval
of an NDA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. In the United States,
the FDA generally requires the completion of clinical trials of each drug to establish its safety and efficacy and extensive pharmaceutical
development to ensure its quality before an NDA is approved. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result
in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are eventually approved for commercialization. As of the date of this report, we
have not submitted an NDA to the FDA or comparable applications to other regulatory authorities for any of our product candidates. 

20 

Because our initial dry powder drug candidates, TFF VORI and TFF
TAC, are established drugs that are off-patent, we have gained FDA agreement on the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for these product candidates.
We believe that our initial drug product candidates will qualify for FDA approval through the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway
and through corresponding regulatory paths in other foreign jurisdictions. The clinical requirements for a 505(b)(2) drug candidate can
vary widely from product to product depending primarily on whether the product candidate claims a new indication, provides for a different
route of administration, or claims improved safety compared to the existing approved product, and may include bioequivalence trials, limited
safety and efficacy trials, or full Phase I through III trials. To the extent we claim that our drug product candidates target a new indication
or offer improved safety compared to the existing approved products, and it is our present expectation that we will do so in many cases,
it is likely that we will be required to conduct additional clinical trials, potentially including a full Phase I through Phase III development
program, in order to obtain marketing approval. 

Our business model is to pursue the development of off-patent
drugs for which we would directly pursue the development of a dry powder formulation through the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway;
however, not all of our product candidates will target off-patent drugs and, at least in the case of a dry powder formulation of CBD,
our product candidate may not be a drug. We do not expect any dry powder formulation of a CBD drug product to be off-patent and our proposed
dry powder formulation of aluminum salt vaccines may not be off-patent. We also expect that our dry powder formulation of a CBD drug product
will likely require a full NDA; however, a non-pharmaceutical CBD dry powder formulation may not require FDA approval. We expect that
our dry powder formulation of aluminum salt vaccines will require a biological license application, or BLA, which is very similar to a
full NDA through the FDA s 505(b)(1) regulatory pathway. 

Our
success depends on our receipt of the regulatory approvals described above, and the issuance of such regulatory approvals is uncertain
and subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

the
 results of toxicology studies may not support the filing of an IND for our product candidates; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or Institutional Review Boards, or IRB,
 may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
 may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of our product candidates safety and
 efficacy; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical
 or clinical significance required by the FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or other
 regulatory agencies for us to receive marketing approval for any of our product candidates; 

the
 dosing of our product candidates in a particular clinical trial may not be at an optimal
 level; 

patients
 in our clinical trials may suffer adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related
 to our product candidates; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of an
 NDA, BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes
 or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial
 supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
 may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval
 of our product candidates. 

21 

The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, the jurisdiction in which regulatory
approval is sought and the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development
period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application
may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. Regulatory approval obtained in one jurisdiction does not necessarily
mean that a product candidate will receive regulatory approval in all jurisdictions in which we may seek approval, but the failure to
obtain approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to seek approval in a different jurisdiction. Failure to obtain
regulatory approval for our product candidates for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent us from commercializing our product
candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Clinical testing is
expensive, is difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. Our business
model depends entirely on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, which may never
occur. In 2020 and 2021, we completed Phase I human clinical trials for our TFF VORI and TFF TAC product candidates, and in 2022 we initiated
Phase 2 clinical trials for both product candidates. However, there can be no assurance that our Phase 2 clinical trials will be successful
or that we will continue clinical development TFF VORI and TFF TAC in support of an approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities for any indication. We note that most product candidates never reach the clinical development stage and even those that do
commence clinical development have only a small chance of successfully completing clinical development and gaining regulatory approval.
Success in early phases of pre-clinical and clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and interim
results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials for TFF VORI and
TFF TAC can occur at any stage of testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the clinical trial
process that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates. Therefore, our
business currently depends entirely on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates,
which may never occur. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and
the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. If approved for marketing, the commercial success of our
product candidates will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical community, including physicians, patients and health
care payors. The degree of market acceptance for any of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our product candidates, and the target patient population
 to try new therapies; 

efficacy
 of our product candidates compared to competing products; 

the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications
 for which our product candidates may be approved; 

new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which
 our product candidates may show utility; 

22 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 

the
 inclusion or omission of our product candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government
 health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other
 third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government bodies regulating
 the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement
 or government pricing approvals. 

If
any of our product candidates are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and
patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the
medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be
successful. 

In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize
our product candidates successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other
companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be
limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our product candidates not commercially viable. For example,
regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve
the price we intend to charge for any of our product candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing
clinical trials, or may approve any of our product candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable
for the successful commercialization of that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may place conditions
on approvals or require risk management plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to assure the safe use of the drug.
Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial
marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial success of our product candidates. 

Even if we obtain marketing
approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result
in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal
from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated
problems with our product candidates. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates for an indication,
the FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose significant restrictions on their indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval,
or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly and time-consuming post-approval studies, including Phase IV clinical trials, and
post-market surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy. Our product candidates will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements
governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and
reporting of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued
compliance with current Good Clinical Practices regulations, or cGCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition,
manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities for compliance with current cGMPs, requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance
of records and documents. 

The
FDA has the authority to require a REMS as part of an NDA or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on
the distribution or use of an approved drug, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone
specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria or requiring patient testing, monitoring and/or
enrollment in a registry. 

23 

With
respect to sales and marketing activities related to our product candidates, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA
rules in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries.
In the United States, the distribution of product samples to physicians must comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug
Marketing Act. Application holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change.
We may also be subject, directly or indirectly through our customers and partners, to various fraud and abuse laws, including, without
limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act, and similar state laws, which impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs. If we participate in the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Federal
Supply Schedule of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or other government drug programs, we will be subject to complex laws and
regulations regarding reporting and payment obligations. All of these activities are also potentially subject to U.S. federal and state
consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Similar requirements exist in many of these areas in other countries. 

In
addition, if any of our product candidates are approved for a particular indication, our product labeling, advertising and promotion
would be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that
may be made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected
in the product s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, physicians may nevertheless legally
prescribe our products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such
off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the
laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses
may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged
improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies
enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we or a regulatory
agency discover previously unknown problems with a product candidate, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market,
 or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

issuance
 of warning letters or untitled letters; 

clinical
 holds; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspension
 or withdrawal of regulatory approval; 

suspension
 of any ongoing clinical trials; 

24 

refusal
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension
 or revocation of product license approvals; 

suspension
 or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements;
 or 

product
 seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of product. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenue.
Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product
liability exposure. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining
regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product
candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction,
but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process
in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign
jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures
vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including
additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement
before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject
to approval. 

Obtaining
foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and
costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the
regulatory requirements in international markets and/ or to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced
and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 

Even
though we may apply for orphan drug designation for a product candidate, we may not be able to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity.
 We believe that in some cases our dry powder drug products may qualify for the FDA s orphan drug status. There is no guarantee
that the FDA will grant any future application for orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates, which would make us ineligible
for the additional exclusivity and other benefits of orphan drug designation. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered
from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation,
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does
not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of regulatory review and approval process. In addition to the potential period of
exclusivity, orphan designation makes a company eligible for grant funding of up to 400,000 per year for four years to defray costs
of clinical trial expenses, tax credits for clinical research expenses and potential exemption from the FDA application user fee. 

If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as (i) the drug s orphan designation
is revoked; (ii) its marketing approval is withdrawn; (iii) the orphan exclusivity holder consents to the approval of another applicant s
product; (iv) the orphan exclusivity holder is unable to assure the availability of a sufficient quantity of drug; or (v) a showing of
clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by a competitor product. If a drug designated as an orphan product receives
marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. There can be
no assurance that we will receive orphan drug designation for any of our product candidates in the indications for which we think they
might qualify, if we elect to seek such applications. 

25 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates
and affect the prices we may obtain. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative
and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our product
candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our product candidates. Legislative
and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical
products. We do not know whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition,
increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as
well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

In
the United States, the Medicare Modernization Act, or MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The
legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average
sales prices for drugs. In addition, this legislation authorized Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies where they
can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. As a result of this legislation and the expansion of federal
coverage of drug products, we expect that there will be additional pressure to contain and reduce costs. These cost reduction initiatives
and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for our product candidates and could seriously
harm our business. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage
policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and any reduction in reimbursement that results from the MMA
may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 or,
collectively, the Health Care Reform Law, is a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth
of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance
industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The Health Care Reform Law
revised the definition of average manufacturer price for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid
drug rebates to states. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription
drug products. 

The
Health Care Reform Law remains subject to legislative efforts to repeal, modify or delay the implementation of the law. If the Health
Care Reform Law is repealed or modified, or if implementation of certain aspects of the Health Care Reform Law are delayed, such repeal,
modification or delay may materially adversely impact our business, strategies, prospects, operating results or financial condition.
We are unable to predict the full impact of any repeal, modification or delay in the implementation of the Health Care Reform Law on
us at this time. Due to the substantial regulatory changes that will need to be implemented by Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services,
or CMS, and others, and the numerous processes required to implement these reforms, we cannot predict which healthcare initiatives will
be implemented at the federal or state level, the timing of any such reforms, or the effect such reforms or any other future legislation
or regulation will have on our business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted.
We expect that additional federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that
federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value
of certain development projects and reduce or eliminate our profitability. 

Any
termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of any of our product candidates
for any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
prospects. The commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related
to: 

the
 FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority failing to grant permission to proceed and
 placing the clinical study on hold; 

subjects
 for clinical testing failing to enroll or remain enrolled in our trials at the rate we expect; 

26 

a
 facility manufacturing any of our product candidates being ordered by the FDA or other government
 or regulatory authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP
 requirements or other applicable requirements, or cross-contaminations of product candidates
 in the manufacturing process; 

any
 changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

subjects
 choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our product
 candidates, or participating in competing clinical studies; 

subjects
 experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

reports
 from clinical testing on similar technologies and products raising safety and/or efficacy
 concerns; 

third-party
 clinical investigators losing their license or permits necessary to perform our clinical
 trials, not performing our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or employing methods
 consistent with the clinical trial protocol, cGMP requirements, or other third parties not
 performing data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

inspections
 of clinical study sites by the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or IRBs finding
 regulatory violations that require us to undertake corrective action, result in suspension
 or termination of one or more sites or the imposition of a clinical hold on the entire study,
 or that prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; 

third-party
 contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government
 or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements, in which case we may
 need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or any of the data
 produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications; 

one
 or more IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational
 site, precluding enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing its approval of the trial;
 reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations,
 or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation
 and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

deviations
 of the clinical sites from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; 

adding
 new clinical trial sites; 

the
 inability of the CRO to execute any clinical trials for any reason; and 

government
 or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination
 of a trial. 

Product
development costs for any of our product candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more
or larger clinical studies than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend
study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical
study sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical studies of any of our product candidates, its commercial prospects may be materially
harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs,
slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these
occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead
to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial
of regulatory approval of our product candidates. In addition, if one or more clinical studies are delayed, our competitors may be able
to bring competing products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of any of our affected product candidates could be significantly
reduced. 

27 

Third-party
coverage and reimbursement and health care cost containment initiatives and treatment guidelines may constrain our future revenues. 
Our ability to successfully market our product candidates will depend in part on the level of reimbursement that government health administration
authorities, private health coverage insurers and other organizations provide for the cost of our product candidates and related treatments.
Countries in which any of our product candidates are sold through reimbursement schemes under national health insurance programs frequently
require that manufacturers and sellers of pharmaceutical products obtain governmental approval of initial prices and any subsequent price
increases. In certain countries, including the United States, government-funded and private medical care plans can exert significant
indirect pressure on prices. We may not be able to sell our product candidates profitably if adequate prices are not approved or coverage
and reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope. Increasingly, third-party payors attempt to contain health care costs in ways that
are likely to impact our development of products including: 

failing
 to approve or challenging the prices charged for health care products; 

introducing
 reimportation schemes from lower priced jurisdictions; 

limiting
 both coverage and the amount of reimbursement for new therapeutic products; 

denying
 or limiting coverage for products that are approved by the regulatory agencies but are considered
 to be experimental or investigational by third-party payors; and 

refusing
 to provide coverage when an approved product is used in a way that has not received regulatory
 marketing approval. 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights 

We
are dependent on rights to certain technologies licensed to us. We do not have complete control over these technologies and any loss
of our rights to them could prevent us from selling our product candidates. As noted above, our business model is entirely dependent
on certain patent rights licensed to us by the University of Texas at Austin, or UT. See, Risk Factors Risks Relating
to Our Business Our business model is entirely dependent on certain patent rights licensed to us from the University of Texas
at Austin, and the loss of those license rights would, in all likelihood, cause our business, as presently contemplated, to fail. 
Because we will hold those rights as a licensee, we have limited control over certain important aspects of those patent rights. Pursuant
to the patent license agreement, UT has reserved the right to control all decisions concerning the prosecution and maintenance of all
U.S. and foreign patents, as well as all decisions concerning the enforcement of any actions against potential infringers of the patent
rights. We believe that UT shares a common interest in these matters with us, and UT has agreed to consult with us on the prosecution
and enforcement of possible infringement claims as well as other matters for which UT has retained control. However, there can be no
assurance that UT will agree with our views as to how best to prosecute, maintain and defend the patent rights subject to the patent
license agreement. 

It
is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights. Our
commercial success will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully defend the patent rights subject to our patent license agreement
with UT against third-party challenges and successfully enforcing these patent rights against third party competitors. The patent positions
of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions for which important legal
principles remain unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws may diminish the value of our intellectual
property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowable or enforceable in the patent applications subject
to the UT patent license agreement. The patents and patent applications relating to our TFF platform and related technologies may be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties and might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies. 

28 

The
degree of future protection afforded by the patent rights licensed to us is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection
and may not adequately protect our rights, permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage, or provide us with any competitive advantage
at all. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned by a third party will not have priority over patent applications in which
we hold license rights or that we will not be involved in interference, opposition or invalidity proceedings before United States or
foreign patent offices. 

Additionally,
if UT were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering any of our product candidates, the defendant
could counterclaim that such patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims
alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge include alleged failures to meet any of
several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for unenforceability assertions include
allegations that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, or the U.S. PTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative
bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review
and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, e.g. opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment
of UT s patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates or competitive products. The outcome following legal
assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to validity, for example, we cannot be certain that there
is no invalidating prior art, of which UT and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on
a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on any
of our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on our business. 

In
the future, we may rely on know-how and trade secrets to protect technology, especially in cases in which we believe patent protection
is not appropriate or obtainable. However, know-how and trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we intend to require employees,
academic collaborators, consultants and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately
protect our trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. Typically, research collaborators and scientific advisors have
rights to publish data and information in which we may have rights. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using
any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts are sometimes less willing
to protect trade secrets than patents. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 

If
we fail to obtain or maintain patent protection or trade secret protection for our product candidates or our technologies, third parties
could use our proprietary information, which could impair our ability to compete in the market and adversely affect our ability to generate
revenues and attain profitability. 

Our
product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development
and commercialization efforts. Our success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others.
The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Identification
of third-party patent rights that may be relevant to our proprietary technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due
to differences in terminology among patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Additionally,
because patent applications are maintained in secrecy until the application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that
may be infringed by commercialization of any of our product candidates or any future product candidate. There may be certain issued patents
and patent applications claiming subject matter that we may be required to license in order to research, develop or commercialize any
of our product candidates, and we do not know if such patents and patent applications would be available to license on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all. Any claims of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and may: 

result
 in costly litigation; 

divert
 the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

29 

prevent
 us from commercializing a product until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid
 or not infringed in a court of law; 

require
 us to cease or modify our use of the technology and/or develop non-infringing technology;
 or 

require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. 

Third
parties may hold proprietary rights that could prevent any of our product candidates from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action
against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to any of our product candidates or our processes could
subject us to potential liability for damages and require us to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market any of our product
candidates or any future product candidates. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required
under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we cannot be sure that we
could redesign our product candidates or any future product candidates or processes to avoid infringement, if necessary. Accordingly,
an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent us from
developing and commercializing any of our product candidates or a future product candidate, which could harm our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

We
expect that there are other companies, including major pharmaceutical companies, working in the areas competitive to our product candidates
which either has resulted, or may result, in the filing of patent applications that may be deemed related to our activities. If we were
to challenge the validity of these or any issued United States patent in court, we would need to overcome a statutory presumption of
validity that attaches to every issued United States patent. This means that, in order to prevail, we would have to present clear and
convincing evidence as to the invalidity of the patent s claims. If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued United
States patent in an administrative trial before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in the U.S. PTO, we would have to prove that the claims
are unpatentable by a preponderance of the evidence. There is no assurance that a jury and/or court would find in our favor on questions
of infringement, validity or enforceability. Even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to management. 

We
may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used
or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. As is commonplace in our industry,
we will employ individuals who were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors.
Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject in the future to claims that our employees or prospective employees
are subject to a continuing obligation to their former employers (such as non-competition or non-solicitation obligations) or claims
that our employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former
employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

30 

Risks
Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

The market price of
our shares may be subject to fluctuation and volatility. You could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our
common stock is subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Since shares of our
common stock were sold in our initial public offering in October 2019 at a price of 5.00 per share, the reported high and low sales
prices of our common stock have ranged from 0.62 to 21.14 through March 21, 2023. The market price of our shares on the NASDAQ Global
Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our and our competitors results of operations and financial
 condition; 

market
 acceptance of our product candidates; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if our shares are covered
 by analysts; 

development
 of technological innovations or new competitive products by others; 

announcements
 of technological innovations or new products by us; 

publication
 of the results of preclinical or clinical trials for our product candidates; 

failure
 by us to achieve a publicly announced milestone; 

delays
 between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced products and the generation
 of sales from those products; 

developments
 concerning intellectual property rights, including our involvement in litigation brought
 by or against us; 

regulatory
 developments and the decisions of regulatory authorities as to the approval or rejection
 of new or modified products; 

changes
 in the amounts that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, technologies or
 businesses; 

changes
 in our expenditures to promote our product candidates; 

our
 sale or proposed sale, or the sale by our significant stockholders, of our shares or other
 securities in the future; 

changes
 in key personnel; 

success
 or failure of our research and development projects or those of our competitors; 

the
 trading volume of our shares; and 

general
economic and market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. 

We
have received a notice of delisting or failure to satisfy a continued listing rule from the Nasdaq. On March 2, 2023, we
received a notice of delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. The notice stated that we had fallen below compliance with respect
to the continued listing standard set forth in Rule 5450(a)(1) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules because the closing bid price of our common
stock over the previous 30 consecutive trading-day period had fallen below 1.00 per share. 

31 

Pursuant
to the notice and Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have 180 days from the date of the notice, or until August 29, 2023,
to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement in Rule 5450(a)(1) by achieving a closing bid price for our common stock
of at least 1.00 per share over a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If we do not regain compliance with Rule 5450(a)(1) during
the initial 180-day period, we may be eligible for additional time to regain compliance, subject to our transfer to the Nasdaq Capital
Market and compliance with the Nasdaq s continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial
listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and our provision of certain undertakings
to the Nasdaq. However, there can be no assurance that we will be afforded additional time to regain compliance with the minimum bid
price requirement following the initial 180-day period. If we are unable to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) in
a timely manner, the Nasdaq will commence suspension and delisting procedures. 

These
factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our shares and result in substantial
losses being incurred by our investors. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company stockholders have often instituted
securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial cost upon us and divert
the resources and attention of our management from our business. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and
reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading
price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish
inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common
stock price and trading volume to decline. In addition, independent industry analysts may provide reviews of our product candidates and
our TFF platform s capabilities, as well as those of our competitors, and perception of our offerings in the marketplace may be
significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control over what these industry analysts report, and because industry analysts
may influence current and potential customers, our brand could be harmed if they do not provide a positive review of our products and
platform capabilities or view us as a market leader. 

Future
capital raises may dilute your ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations . If we raise additional capital
by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership will be reduced and these stockholders may experience
substantial dilution. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights senior to those
of our common stock and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations, including liens
on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some
rights to our intellectual property or candidate products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to: 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
 statements; 

32 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
 stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments; and 

extended
 transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
have chosen to take advantage of all of the benefits available under the JOBS Act, including the exemptions discussed above. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed
 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period, or if the market value of our common
stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of June 30 in any future year. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud. We are required to provide a report on management s assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting. Once we are neither an emerging growth company nor a non-accelerated filed, we will be required to obtain an attestation from
our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control report. Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed
to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm when required, may reveal deficiencies in our internal
controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retrospective changes
to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common
shares. There is also a risk that neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm (when applicable in the future) will
be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that internal controls over financial reporting is effective as required by Section
404. As a result, investors could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the
trading price of our common stock. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends . We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to
the extent we have earnings, to cover operating costs and otherwise become and remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends
with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus
cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our common stock as a dividend. Therefore, you should not expect to receive
cash dividends on our common stock. 

We
may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation. Historically, securities class action litigation has often
been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because
biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we were to be sued,
it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. The provisions of our second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or Certificate, and amended and restated bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware
law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control or change in our management, including transactions
in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem
to be in their best interests. The provisions in our Certificate and amended and restated bylaws: 

limit
 who may call stockholder meetings; 

do
 not provide for cumulative voting rights; and 

provide
 that all board vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors
 then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

33 

In
addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may limit our ability to engage in any business combination with a person
who beneficially owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock unless certain conditions are satisfied. This restriction lasts for
a period of three years following the share acquisition. These provisions may have the effect of entrenching our management team and
may deprive you of the opportunity to sell your shares to potential acquirers at a premium over prevailing prices. This potential inability
to obtain a control premium could reduce the price of our common stock. 

Our
Certificate and amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum
for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Provisions in our Certificate and amended
and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the
sole and exclusive forum for: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any
 action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by
 any of our directors, officers or other employees; 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees
 arising pursuant to any provision of Delaware law or our charter documents; or 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees
 governed by the internal affairs doctrine, but excluding actions to enforce a duty or liability
 created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
 jurisdiction. 

These
exclusive forum provisions do not apply to claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. These exclusive forums provisions, however,
do provide that if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware
shall be the exclusive forum. By becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the
provisions of our Certificate and amended and restated bylaws related to choice of forum, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provisions in our Certificate and amended
and restated bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to
find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate and amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in
an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
lease approximately 1,000 square feet of office space in Fort Worth, Texas at the rate of 4,000 per month. The lease has no term and
is on a month-to-month basis. We also lease 1,500 square feet of office space in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. The lease agreement is for
one year and expires October 31, 2023, subject to our option to renew for an additional year. The monthly lease rate is 3,090. We lease
approximately 3,750 square feet of lab space in Austin, Texas at a current rate of 7,163 per month. The lease agreement is for three
years and expires on May 31, 2025. The lease has an additional three-year option for renewal. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

As
of the date of this report, there are no legal proceedings to which we or our properties are subject. We may be involved, from time to
time, in legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties
and outcomes and are not predictable with assurance. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

34 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock has traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol TFFP. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 21 , 2023, there were six holders
of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We presently intend to retain earnings to finance the operation and expansion
of our business. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

We
have adopted the TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 2018 Plan providing for the grant of non-qualified
stock options and incentive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock and for the grant of restricted and unrestricted share
grants. We reserved 3,284,480 shares of our common stock under the 2018 Plan. All officers, directors, employees and consultants to our
company are eligible to participate under the 2018 Plan. The purpose of the 2018 Plan is to provide eligible participants with an opportunity
to acquire an ownership interest in our company. 

In
September 2021, we adopted the TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 2021 Plan ), which was also approved
by our stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders held on November 4, 2021. The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified
stock options and incentive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock, the grant of restricted and unrestricted share awards
and grant of restricted stock units. We reserved 4,200,000 shares of our common stock under the 2021 Plan. All of our employees and any
subsidiary employees (including officers and directors who are also employees), as well as all of our nonemployee directors and other
consultants, advisors and other persons who provide services to us will be eligible to receive incentive awards under the 2021 Plan. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 about our stock plans under which our equity securities are authorized
for issuance. 

Plan
 Category 
 (a) 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
 (b) 
 Weighted- 
Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 (c) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected In Column
 (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation
 plans approved by security holders 
 2,909,057 
 5.96 
 1,773,522 
 
 Equity compensation plans
 not approved by security holders 

Total 
 2,909,057 
 5.96 
 1,773,522 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item
6. Reserved 

35 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

General 

We
were formed as a Delaware corporation on January 24, 2018 for the purpose of developing and commercializing innovative drug products
based on our patented Thin Film Freezing, or TFF, technology platform . Since our formation, we have focused on the development
of our initial drug candidates, the establishment of strategic relationships with established pharmaceutical companies for the licensing
of our TFF technology platform and the pursuit of additional working capital. We have not commenced revenue-producing operations. 

Since
our organization in 2018, we have engaged in the following financing transactions: 

Series
A Preferred Stock Placements . In March 2018, we conducted a private placement of 5,662,000 shares of our Series A preferred stock,
at an offering price of 2.50 per share, for the gross proceeds of approximately 14.2 million, and in May 2019 we conducted a private
placement of 3,268,000 shares of our Series A preferred stock, at an offering price of 2.50 per share, for the gross proceeds of approximately
 8.2 million . The shares of our Series A preferred stock accumulated dividends at the rate of 6 per annum . The shares
of Series A preferred stock, including all accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A preferred stock, which totaled 1,603,709, automatically
converted into 9,571,692 shares of our common stock concurrent with the completion of our initial public offering at the conversion price
of 2.50 . 

Initial
Public Offering . On October 25, 2019, we conducted an initial public offering of 4,400,000 shares of common stock at a public offering
price of 5.00 per share. After the payment of underwriter discounts and offering expenses, and after giving effect to the underwriters 
exercise of its overallotment option on November 20, 2019 to purchase an additional 479,300 shares of our common stock at the offering
price of 5.00 per share, we received net proceeds of approximately 21.8 million. 

August
2020 Private Placement . On August 13, 2020, we conducted a private placement of 3,048,654 shares of common stock, at a purchase price
per share of 8.50, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 25,914,000, before deducting selling commissions and other offering
expenses. After deducting the placement agent commissions and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 24,280,000. 

March
2021 Public Offering . On March 30, 2021, we conducted a public offering of 2,140,000 shares of common stock, at a purchase price
per share of 14.00, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 30,000,000, before deducting underwriter discounts and offering expenses.
After deducting the underwriter discounts and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 28,015,000. 

ATM
Offering . On June 10, 2022, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC, as agent, under which we may offer
and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 35.0 million
in an at-the-market offering, to or through the agent. From July 2022 through September 30, 2022, we sold 104,011 shares
of our common stock at average price of 5.96 per share resulting in net proceeds of approximately 405,000, after deducting sales agent
commissions and offering expenses. 

November
2022 Public Offering. In November 2022, we completed a public offering, selling 9,282,609 shares of common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 4,641,305 shares of common stock at an offering price of 1.15 per share. We received gross proceeds of approximately
 10,675,000. In addition, we granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase an additional 15 of the number of shares of common
stock and warrants at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The option was exercised in November 2022
and the underwriter purchased an additional 1,392,392 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to 696,196 shares of common
stock and we received additional gross proceeds of approximately 1,601,251. We received net proceeds of 11,235,626, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering-related expenses. 

36 

Results
of Operations 

We
were formed in January 2018 and have not commenced revenue-producing operations. To date, our operations have consisted of the development
and early-stage testing, Phase 1 human clinical trials of our initial product candidates and the current Phase 2 clinical trials of our
TFF VORI and TFF TAC .
In connection with our organization on January 24, 2018, we entered into a Contribution and Subscription Agreement with Lung Therapeutics,
Inc., or LTI, our former parent, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire from LTI certain of LTI s non-core intellectual property
rights and other assets, or the Acquired Assets, all of which relate to our Thin Film Freezing technology. We closed on the acquisition
of the Acquired Assets concurrent with the close of the initial Series A preferred stock financing in March 2018. 

In December 2019, we established
a wholly owned Australian subsidiary, TFF Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty Ltd. in order to conduct clinical research. 

As
of the date of this report, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a relatively insignificant impact on our operations. During 2020, we experienced
a temporary suspension of dosing in the Phase I clinical trial for our TFF TAC due
to the COVID-19 pandemic and the pandemic has otherwise caused minor slowing in the timing of certain non-clinical and clinical activities
by us and our collaborators and service providers during 2020 and the first quarter of 2021. However, the COVID-19 pandemic has not caused
us to forego, abandon or materially delay any proposed activities. While we believe we have been able to effectively manage the disruption
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to date, there can be no assurance that our operations, including the development of our drug candidates,
will not be disrupted or materially adversely affected in the future by the COVID-19 pandemic or an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious
disease like the outbreak of COVID-19. 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations with respect to the items set forth below for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 together with the percentage change for those items. 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Grant revenue 
 495,805 
 88,161 
 407,644 
 462 
 
 Research and development expense 
 18,496,340 
 21,300,865 
 (2,804,525 
 (13 
 
 General and administrative
 expense 
 13,796,255 
 10,573,954 
 3,222,301 
 30 
 
 Total operating expense 
 32,292,595 
 31,874,819 
 417,776 
 1 

We
have entered into feasibility and material transfer agreements with third parties that provide us with funds in return for certain research
and development activities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 495,805 and 88,161, respectively, of grant
revenue. 

Research
and development expense was as follows for the years indicated: 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Manufacturing 
 5,871,707 
 9,217,872 
 (3,346,165 
 (36 
 
 Clinical 
 7,002,307 
 4,465,281 
 2,537,025 
 57 
 
 Preclinical 
 507,551 
 3,788,942 
 (3,281,391 
 (87 
 
 Payroll and related 
 1,384,306 
 670,926 
 713,380 
 106 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 908,710 
 459,492 
 449,218 
 98 
 
 Lab 
 588,860 
 227,126 
 361,734 
 159 
 
 Depreciation 
 346,244 
 111,453 
 234,791 
 211 
 
 Sponsored research 
 593,347 
 848,708 
 (255,361 
 (30 
 
 CMC 
 422,274 
 580,641 
 (158,367 
 (27 
 
 Other 
 871,034 
 930,424 
 (59,390 
 (6 
 
 Total research and development
 expense 
 18,496,340 
 21,300,865 
 (2,804,525 
 (13 

37 

General
and administrative expense was as follows for the years indicated: 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Consulting 
 1,339,791 
 1,315,123 
 24,668 
 2 
 
 Insurance 
 2,407,503 
 999,262 
 1,408,241 
 141 
 
 Office expenses 
 449,056 
 266,045 
 183,011 
 69 
 
 Patent 
 345,251 
 291,809 
 53,442 
 18 
 
 Payroll and related 
 2,213,507 
 1,943,896 
 269,611 
 14 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,130,657 
 1,324,842 
 805,815 
 61 
 
 Marketing 
 1,207,569 
 1,002,333 
 205,236 
 20 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 3,343,122 
 3,088,876 
 254,246 
 8 
 
 Other 
 359,799 
 341,768 
 18,031 
 5 
 
 Total general and administrative expense 
 13,796,255 
 10,573,954 
 3,222,301 
 30 

The
following table summarizes our other income and interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 together
with the percentage change for those items. 

Years
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 Change 
 
 Other income 
 
 696,714 
 (696,714 
 (100 
 
 Interest income 
 26,728 
 51,232 
 (24,504 
 (48 

Other
income in 2021 consists of 652,877 of refundable Australian research and development incentive program payments for expenditures incurred
during 2020 and 43,836 received from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service related to research and development tax credits for expenditures
incurred during 2020. Interest income decreased during fiscal 2022 due to lower balances in interest-bearing accounts. 

We
incurred a net loss of 31.8 million and 31.0 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Financial
Condition 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of approximately 24.1 million and working capital of approximately 17.9 million. As of December
31, 2022, our liquidity included approximately 16.6 million of cash and cash equivalents. On June 10, 2022, we entered into an Open Market
Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC, as agent, under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our
common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 35.0 million in an at-the-market or ATM offering, to or through
the agent, in which we sold shares of our common stock for net proceeds of 405,000 during 2022. In November 2022, we sold shares of our
common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock for net proceeds of 11.2 million in an underwritten public offering. As
of the date of this report, we will need additional capital to fund our operations over the
 12 months following the date of this report . We intend to seek additional
funding through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity and/or debt securities, and/or licensing fees for our technology
and co-development and joint ventures with industry partners. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, and our access to
capital through the sale of our equity securities, including the ATM offering, are sufficient to fund our present plan of operations for
the next 12 months from the date of filing of these consolidated financial statements. In addition, we will consider alternatives to our
current business plan that may enable us to achieve our product development goals with a smaller amount of capital. However, there can
be no guarantees that such funds, including any potential funds through the sale of our equity securities, including our ATM offering,
will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable
to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue operations, in which case you may lose your entire investment. 

The report of our independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 states that due to our lack of revenue from commercial operations,
significant losses and need for additional capital there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

38 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (27,342,160 
 (29,556,971 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (1,551,326 
 (868,505 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 11,751,003 
 28,884,984 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes 
 (39,874 
 34,359 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (17,182,357 
 (1,506,133 

The
decrease in cash used in operating activities is primarily a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities. The investing activity
is related to purchases of property and equipment. The financing activity for 2022 primarily consists of the November 2022 public offering
and proceeds from the ATM offering. The financing activity for 2021 primarily consists of the March 2021 public offering and proceeds
from exercises of stock options and warrants. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates
on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included herein,
we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
compute stock-based compensation in accordance with authoritative guidance. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to determine
the fair value of its stock options. The Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model includes various assumptions, including the fair market
value of our common stock, expected life of stock options, the expected volatility and the expected risk-free interest rate, among others.
These assumptions reflect our best estimates, but they involve inherent uncertainties based on market conditions generally outside our
control. 

As
a result, if other assumptions had been used, stock-based compensation cost, as determined in accordance with authoritative guidance,
could have been materially impacted. Furthermore, if we use different assumptions on future grants, stock-based compensation cost could
be materially affected in future periods. 

For
grants of our common stock, we use the closing stock price on the date of grant as the fair value of the common stock. 

39 

Research
and Development Expenses 

In
accordance with authoritative guidance, we charge research and development costs to operations as incurred. Research and development
expenses consist of personnel costs for the design, development, testing and enhancement of our technology, and certain other allocated
costs, such as depreciation and other facilities related expenditures. 

Collaborative
Arrangements 

We
consider the nature and contractual terms of arrangements and assesses whether an arrangement involves a joint operating activity pursuant
to which we are an active participant and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activity.
If we are an active participant and exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activity, we
account for such arrangement as a collaborative arrangement. 

For
collaborative arrangements where a collaborative partner is not a customer for certain research and development activities, we account
for payments received for the reimbursement of research and development costs as a contra-expense in the period such expenses are incurred.
This reflects the joint risk sharing nature of these activities within a collaborative arrangement. We classify payments owed or receivables
recorded as other current liabilities or prepaid expenses and other current assets. 

If
payments from the collaborative partner to us represent consideration from a customer in exchange for distinct goods and services provided,
then we account for those payments within the scope of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 

Research
and Development Tax Incentive 

We
are eligible to obtain a cash refund from the Australian Taxation Office for eligible research and development expenditures under the
Australian R D Tax Incentive Program (the Australian Tax Incentive ). The Company recognizes the Australian Tax Incentive
when there is reasonable assurance that the cash refund will be received, the relevant expenditure has been incurred, and the consideration
can be reliably measured. 

As
we have determined that it has reasonable assurance that we will receive the cash refund for eligible research and development expenditures,
we record the Australian Tax Incentive as a reduction to research and development expenses as the Australian Tax Incentive is not dependent
on us generating future taxable income, our ongoing tax status, or tax position. At each period end, management estimates the refundable
tax offset available to us based on available information at the time. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

40 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 00688 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has not
generated revenue from commercial operations since inception, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional capital to
fund its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Receivable
 due from collaboration agreement 
 - 

Research
 and development tax incentive receivable 

Prepaid
 assets and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Operating
 lease right-of use asset, net 
 
 - 
 
 Property
 and equipment, net 

Other
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Note
 receivable - Augmenta 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 compensation 

Deferred
 research grant revenue 

Current
 portion of operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies (see Note 4) 

Stockholders 
 equity: 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
 OF OPERATIONS 

Grant
 revenue 

Operating
 expenses: 

Research
 and development 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income: 

Other
 income 
 - 

Interest
 income 

Total
 other income 

Net
 loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net
 loss 

Other
 comprehensive loss: 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive
 loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

Sale
 of common stock, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for stock option exercises 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for warrant exercises 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Sales
 of common stock through the at-the-market offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 

Sales
 of common stock and warrants through public offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for stock option exercises 

- 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustment
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivable
 due from collaboration agreement 

Research
 and development tax incentive receivable 

Prepaid
 assets and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 compensation 

Deferred
 revenue 

Operating
 lease obligation 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Net
 proceeds from issuances of common stock 

Net
 proceeds from issuances of common stock and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock for stock option exercises 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock for warrant exercises 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Cashless
 exercise of warrants 
 - 

ROU
 asset obtained for new operating lease 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of collaboration receivable to note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases
 of equipment included in accounts payable 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock
at an offering price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately . The Company received net
proceeds of approximately , after deducting underwriting discounts and offering-related expenses. 

million
in an at-the-market ATM offering, to or through the agent. 

shares of common stock
and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an offering price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds
of approximately . In addition, 

million and million, respectively, and negative cash from operations of million and
 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately million, a working
capital surplus of approximately million and an accumulated deficit of million. The Company has not generated revenues from
commercial operations since inception and expects to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future and needs to raise additional
capital to continue the pursuit of its product development. As discussed in Note 1, during 2022, the Company sold shares of its common
stock under the ATM offering resulting in net proceeds of approximately and sold shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase
shares of common stock in the November 2022 Offering for net proceeds of million. 

F- 7 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of its net property
and equipment in the U.S. 

(US and AUD 
(US ), respectively. 

to years for furniture, fixtures, lab and computer equipment
and software. Assets held within construction in progress are not depreciated. Construction in progress is related to the construction
or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for its intended use. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
approximately and , respectively, of the Company s property and equipment consisted of lab equipment that are
considered construction in progress. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance of assets are charged to expense as incurred. 

F- 8 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

are recognized on the consolidated
balance sheets as operating lease right-of-use assets and current and long-term operating lease liabilities, as applicable. The Company
has elected not to recognize on the consolidated balance sheets leases with terms of 12 months or less. The Company typically only includes
the initial lease term in its assessment of a lease arrangement. Options to extend a lease are not included in the Company s assessment
unless there is reasonable certainty that the Company will renew. 

F- 9 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had receivables due related to Feasibility Agreements of and , respectively,
which is included in prepaid assets and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and deferred grant revenue
of and , respectively. 

F- 10 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, the Company is
also eligible to receive amounts from the IRS related to research and development tax credits for expenditures. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has recorded other income of and , in the consolidated statements
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to refundable research and development incentive
program payments for expenditures incurred during 2020. The Company recorded a reduction to research and development expenses of 
and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for expenditures incurred during those respective years. 

Warrants 

F- 11 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

per year through October 31, 2022 and increases to per year through October 31, 2023. The Company has determined that the lease
agreement is considered a short-term lease under ASC 842 and has not recorded a right-of-use asset or liability. The Company rents another
office space on a month-to-month basis with no long-term commitment, which is considered a short-term lease as well. In May 2022, the
Company entered into a lease agreement for lab space in Austin, Texas. The lease commenced on June 1, 2022 and expires on May 31, 2025.
The lease has an additional three-year option for renewal, which the Company has determined it is not reasonably certain to exercise. 

F- 12 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Operating lease liability
 - current portion 

Operating
 lease liability - long-term portion 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

- 
 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Research and development 

Short-term
 lease cost 
 General
 and administrative 

Total
 lease expense 

years 
 
 Weighted-average
 discount rate 

- 

2024 

2025 

Total
 minimum lease payments 

Less:
 Imputed interest 

Total 

F- 13 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

in accordance with the patent license agreement. In November 2018, the Company and UT entered into an
amendment to the patent license agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Company s exclusive patent rights to the TFF
platform were expanded to all fields of use, and in March 2022 the Company and UT entered into an amended and restated patent license
agreement for purposes of further strengthening the Company s license rights, including the Company s exclusive right to
license all future UT patents relating to the TFF technology and all know-how held by UT relating to the TFF technology . The patent
license agreement requires the Company to pay royalties and milestone payments and conform to a variety of covenants and agreements,
and in the event of the Company s breach of agreement, UT may elect to terminate the agreement. For the period ended December 31,
2018, the Company did not achieve any of the milestones and, as such, was not required to make any milestone payments. During the ended
December 31, 2019, the Company achieved one milestone by gaining IND approval on first indication of a licensed product on November 24,
2019 and the Company satisfied the milestone payment of and issuance of shares in accordance with the agreement. As of the date
of these consolidated financial statements, the Company is in compliance with the patent license agreement as all required amounts have
been paid in accordance with the agreement. 

The services related to the contract with SPI were sub-contracted to ITR and others under substantially the same terms as the initial
contract with ITR. Desire Ventures, LLC facilitates the invoicing for the various affiliates. There was no accounts payable due in connection
with this agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research
and development costs of approximately and , respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022
and accounts payable due in connection with this agreement was approximately as of December 31, 2021. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and development costs of approximately and , respectively. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and
development costs of approximately AUD (US and AUD (US ), respectively, pertaining to this agreement. 

F- 14 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and AUD (US as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and development costs of approximately
 and AUD (US ), respectively, pertaining to this agreement. 

of grant funding. The Company will receive a single-digit tiered royalty on net sales. The Company will also be entitled to receive sales-related
milestone payments based on the commercial success of the licensed products. 

and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded research and development costs of approximately and ,
respectively, pertaining to this agreement. 

as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded research and development costs of approximately
 pertaining to this agreement. 

. Upon exercise of the Put Right and payment by the Company, Augmenta would grant the Company an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
transferable, sublicensable license to the Augmenta antibody and Augmenta s rights to the property developed under the JDA. The
Company determined that the likelihood of the Put Right being exercised to be remote. The Put Right was eliminated in connection with
a convertible note purchase agreement (see below and Note 10). 

F- 15 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively, and
has recorded a receivable of and for reimbursement due from Augmenta as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock at an offering price of 
per share. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately . The Company received net proceeds of approximately ,
after deducting underwriting discounts and offering-related expenses. 

shares of its common stock through the ATM offering at average price of
 per share resulting in net proceeds of approximately , after deducting sales agent commissions and offering expenses. 

shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up
to shares of common stock at an offering price of per share. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately .
In addition, the Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase an additional of the number of shares of common stock
and warrants at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The option was exercised in November 2022 and
the underwriter purchased an additional shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock
and the Company received additional gross proceeds of approximately . The Company received net proceeds of , after
deducting underwriting discounts and offering-related expenses. 

shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of stock options for total
proceeds of . 

shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of stock options for total
proceeds of . 

F- 16 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock were issued in connection with the cashless exercise of common
stock warrants. 

shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of common stock warrants
for total proceeds of . 

-year warrant to purchase shares of common stock at per share to a consultant.
The fair value of the warrant on the grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with a common stock
value of per share, a contractual life of , a dividend yield of , volatility of and an assumed risk-free interest
rate of . The warrant is immediately exercisable. The fair value of the warrant was determined to be approximately and
was recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of common stock. Each warrant is
immediately exercisable on the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share and expires from the date of issuance.
The Company evaluated these warrants to assess their proper classification and determined that the warrants meet the criteria for equity
classification in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

Issued 
 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

. 

F- 17 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

General
 and administrative 

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based
compensation arrangements that are expected to vest. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Weighted
 average grant date fair value 

Assumptions 

Expected
 volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 term (in years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected
 dividend yield 

F- 18 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Exercised 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

, which is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

, which is included in general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

F- 19 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

State 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total deferred 
 -
 
 -

Income tax provision (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

Research and development tax credit 

Section 174 amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Intangibles 

Stock compensation 

Accruals and other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowances 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

State rate 

Foreign 

Permanent book/tax differences 

Research and development credit 

Changes in valuation allowance 

Total 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively, and federal research tax credits of 
and , respectively. Additionally, the Company had gross foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The federal and
foreign NOL have an indefinite life while the federal research tax credits will expire by 2042. 

F- 20 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

or carried forward indefinitely,
and to be fully utilized without being subjected to the taxable income limitation. Net operating losses incurred after December 31,
2020 will be subjected to the taxable income limitation. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers
whether it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will be realized. The ultimate realization of
deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company attaining future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. 

corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations that have at least an average of billion adjusted
financial statement income over a consecutive three-tax-year period and a excise tax surcharge on stock repurchases. The IRA is applicable
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 and had no benefit to the consolidated financial statements for any of the periods presented,
and the Company does not expect it to have a direct material impact on its future results of operations, financial condition, or cash
flows. 

valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. 

, and no interest or penalties have been charged to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
If incurred, the Company will classify any interest and penalties as a component of interest expense and operating expense, respectively.
If recognized, of the reserve for uncertain tax positions would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate. 

Additions
 for tax positions related to current year 

Decreases
 for tax positions related to prior years 
 - 
 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

to the Company. The Augmenta Note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and has a maturity date of the earlier
of (i) Maturity Date ), or (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default.
Accrued interest shall be payable at maturity. 

F- 21 

by the number of outstanding shares of Augment common stock on a fully diluted basis Conversion Price ). 

, the Company may convert, at its option, all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest into shares of the same security in such financing at a per share price equal to the lower of the Conversion Price or the price per share sold in the financing. 

Qualified Financing on or before the Maturity Date, then the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest shall automatically convert into the same security at a price per share equal to the lower of the Conversion Price or the price per share sold in the Qualified Financing. 

Qualified IPO on or before the Maturity Date, then the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest shall automatically convert into the same security at a price per share equal to the lower of the Conversion Price or the price per share sold in the Qualified IPO. 

of the outstanding principal. 

F- 22 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December
31, 2022 in ensuring all material information required to be filed has been made known in a timely manner. 

(b) Changes
in internal control over financial reporting. 

There
were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act that occurred during
the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

(c) Management s
report on internal controls over financial reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) COSO ). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.
An internal control material weakness is a significant deficiency, or aggregation of deficiencies, that does not reduce to a relatively
low level the risk that material misstatements in financial statements will be prevented or detected on a timely basis by employees in
the normal course of their work. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, and based on that evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2022. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

41 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following sets forth information regarding the current executive officers and directors of the Company as of March 24, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Harlan
 Weisman, M.D. 
 
 70 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman of the Board 
 
 Kirk
 Coleman 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Christopher
 Cano 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Vice President of Business Development 
 
 Zamaneh
 Mikhak, M.D. 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 Aaron
 Fletcher, Ph.D. (a), (b), (c) 
 
 42 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Independent Director 
 
 Brandi
 Roberts (a), (c) 
 
 49 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Robert
 S. Mills (c) 
 
 70 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Stephen
 C. Rocamboli (a), (b) 
 
 51 
 
 Independent
 Director 

(a) Member
 of the Audit Committee of our Board. 

(b) Member
 of the Compensation Committee of our Board. 

(c) Member
 of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board. 

Harlan
Weisman, M.D. has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2022, and as a member of our Board since December
2018. Since 2012, Dr. Weisman has also been Managing Director of And-One Consulting, LLC, which is engaged in the business of advising
medical product companies, investment firms, and government and non-government healthcare organizations in formulating and implementing
strategies for driving innovation in healthcare products and services. Since 2014, Dr. Weisman has also served as Executive Chairman
of the Board of 3Dbio Therapeutics, a company using 3D bioprinting technology to develop whole tissue implants that fully integrate
into the body. Dr. Weisman was co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Flame Biosciences, Inc. a clinical stage company focused
on the research, development and commercialization of transformative therapies for cancer, from January 2020 to January 2022. From February
2016 through 2019, Dr. Weisman served as co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer for Mycrobiomics, a company developing counseling
and educational material to help consumers to understand the microbiome and improve their health and well-being. Between December 2012
and December 2013, Dr. Weisman was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coronado Biosciences, a biopharmaceutical company developing
novel immunotherapies for autoimmune diseases and cancer. Between 2012 and 2019, Dr. Weisman served on the Board of Directors of
ControlRad, Inc, a medical device company developing technology to reduce radiation exposure during fluoroscopic procedures. Dr. Weisman
also served on the Board of Directors of Caelum Biosciences, Inc. from 2019 until its acquisition by AstraZeneca in 2021. Since 2012,
Dr. Weisman has also been a senior advisor to CRG, an investment management firm making structured debt and equity investments in
healthcare companies. Since 2016, Dr. Weisman has been a venture advisor to the Israel Biotech Fund, which invests and develops clinical-stage
biotechnology companies based in Israel. From 2010 to 2016, Dr. Weisman served on the Board of Governors of the Patient Centered
Outcomes Research Institute, established by the U.S. Congress as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. Dr.
Weisman was the Chief Science and Technology Officer of the Johnson Johnson Medical Devices and Diagnostics Group from 2006
to 2012 and served as Chairman of the J J Worldwide R D Council. Dr. Weisman was Company Group Chairman of J J
Pharmaceutical Research Development from 2004 to 2006. 

We
believe that Dr. Weisman s significant education and experience as a senior executive officer in the field of healthcare qualifies
him to serve on our Board. 

Kirk
Coleman has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2018. Since 2012, Mr. Coleman also served as an executive officer
of Steelhead Capital Management, LLC and Bios Partners, LP, a venture capital firm focused on investment in early-stage and growth-stage
biotech and medical device companies. From 1998 to 2008, Mr. Coleman was Treasurer for EFO Holdings, LP, a family office. Mr. Coleman
has over 20 years of experience in venture capital investments. Mr. Coleman received a BBA in Accounting from Texas Christian University
in 1995. 

42 

Christopher
Cano has served our Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Business Development since September 24, 2020, and previously served
as our Director of Business Development since December 1, 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cano served as the Vice President of
Business Development at Aqua Pharmaceuticals, LLC, an Almirall company. Prior to Aqua Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Cano was the Head of Business
Development at Duchesnay USA, Inc. and held a number of other business development roles at Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Hitsamitsu
company, Agile Therapeutics, Liberty Medical, Nucryst Pharmaceuticals, and Barrier Therapeutics. Mr. Cano has served as the founder and
Managing Partner of C2 Strategic Solutions, LLC, a consulting firm providing business development and licensing services to life science
companies since January 2011. Mr. Cano holds a bachelor s degree in finance from Villanova University and a master s degree
in business management from Rider University. 

Zamaneh
Mikhak, M.D . has served as our Chief Medial officer since January 2023. Dr. Mikhak is a physician-scientist Board Certified in Allergy
and Immunology with over 23 years of clinical experience and 18 years of basic and translational research experience. Her industry experience
spans across big pharma and small biotech, including biologics and small molecules in rare and common diseases in multiple therapeutic
areas. Dr. Mikhak most recently served as Senior Vice President, Head of Clinical Development for Cogent Biosciences, where she oversaw
the clinical development function across the company s major clinical programs. Prior to Cogent, she served as Vice President,
Clinical Development at Boston Pharmaceuticals where she led the strategy and clinical development of Avizakimab and executed a global
Phase 2 study in systemic lupus erythematosus during the pandemic. Previously, as Senior Director at Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Dr. Mikhak
advanced Vixarelimab from the preclinical stage into Phase 2 studies in seven indications in approximately two years and generated data
towards a successful IPO. Prior to joining Kiniksa, she served as Translation Medicine Lead for early-stage programs across the portfolio
at Sanofi Genzyme and led a program in food allergy. Prior to her industry experience, Dr. Mikhak spent over 20 years in clinical practice.
From 2006-2014, she practiced medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital, where she provided care to patients with a variety of atopic
and immunologic diseases. During her tenure with Boston Children s Hospital, she established the Healthy Link Asthma Education
Program that identified and treated approximately 300 patients with high-risk asthma. Dr. Mikhak was an Assistant Professor
at Harvard Medical School and conducted basic and translational research as an NIH funded Principal Investigator. She is the lead author
on numerous high-profile scientific publications. Dr. Mikhak is Board Certified in Allergy and Immunology. She completed her Fellowship
in Allergy and Immunology at Boston Children s Hospital and completed her Residency in Pediatrics at Children s National
Medical Center in Washington, D.C. She received her M.D. from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and her B.A. in Biology
with distinction in Cell Biology from Boston University. 

Aaron
Fletcher, Ph.D. has served as a member of our Board since January 2018 and has served as the Chairman of the Board since December
2018. Since 2012, Dr. Fletcher has served as founder and President of Bios Research, a financial services firm that provides public
equity research in the healthcare industry tailored to institutional firms and large family offices. Since 2014, Dr. Fletcher has
also served as Managing Partner of Bios Partners, LP, a venture capital firm focused on investment in early-stage and growth-stage biotech
and medical device companies. Dr. Fletcher also serves as a director of LTI, Cue Biopharma, Inc (Nasdaq: CUE), Actuate Therapeutics and CogRx Therapeutics. Dr. Fletcher holds a Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Colorado State University and serves as a
visiting professor at Dallas Baptist University. Dr. Fletcher has worked as an independent consultant for the biotech/healthcare
equity industry for over ten years. 

We
believe that Dr. Fletcher s significant experience and knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry as a research analyst, venture
investor and academic qualifies him to serve on our Board. 

Brandi
Roberts has served as a member of our Board since March 25, 2022. Ms. Roberts has more than 25 years of public accounting and
finance experience, including 22 years at publicly traded pharmaceutical, medical technology, and life science companies. Ms. Roberts
has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Longboard Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded clinical stage biopharmaceutical company,
since January 2021. Previously, Ms. Roberts served as Chief Financial Officer of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded clinical-stage
biotechnology company, from January 2019 to January 2021. Ms. Roberts served as Chief Financial Officer of REVA Medical, Inc., a medical
device company, from August 2017 to January 2019. Subsequently, Reva filed a prepackaged voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition on
January 14, 2020 and emerged from bankruptcy protection in United States effective February 26, 2020. Ms. Roberts previously served as
Chief Financial Officer of Mast Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, from January 2013 to April 2017, and
as its Senior Vice President, Finance, from March 2011 to January 2013. Previously, she held senior positions at Alphatec Spine, Inc.,
Artes Medical, Inc., Stratagene Corporation, and Pfizer, Inc. Ms. Roberts currently serves as Chair of the Southwest Chapter
of the Association of Bioscience Financial Officers and has served on the Board of Temple Therapeutics BV since November 2019. Ms. Roberts
is a certified public accountant with the State of California and received her B.S. degree in business administration from the University
of Arizona and her M.B.A. from the University of San Diego. 

43 

We
believe that Ms. Roberts significant accounting and finance background, including her significant experience as a chief financial
officer of biopharmaceutical companies, qualifies her to serve on our Board. 

Robert
S. Mills has served as a member of our Board since January 2018. Mr. Mills also served as our President and Chief Executive Officer
from January 2018 to May 1, 2018, and also served as the Executive Chairman of our Board from January 2018 to December 2018. Mr. Mills
has served as the founder and President of RSM Consulting, LLC since January 1, 2015 and as the chairman of the board of directors of
LTI since May 7, 2015. From August 2011 to December 2014, Mr. Mills was President and Chief Executive Officer of SPL Pharmaceuticals,
the leading manufacturer of heparin and pancreatin, until its sale to a Chinese pharmaceutical company. Mr. Mills also served as a member
of the board of directors of SPL Pharmaceuticals from 2011 to 2014. From May 2010 to February 2011, Mr. Mills served as President
and as a member of the board of directors of Qualitest Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Endo Pharmaceuticals for 1.2 billion.
From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Mills served as President and Chief Operating/Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors
of Columbia Laboratories, Inc., which has since been renamed Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: CBRX). Mr. Mills was recognized as
a finalist for Entrepreneur of the Year for New Jersey in 2009 by Ernst and Young. Mr. Mills holds a B.S. Degree from Grove City College
and numerous graduate business credits from Temple University. 

We
believe that Mr. Mills significant experience as chief executive officer in various pharmaceutical companies and his service
on several other boards, including the board of LTI, qualifies him to serve on our Board. 

Stephen
C. Rocamboli has served as a member of our Board since December 2018. Mr. Rocamboli has served as Chief Executive Officer of Perla Therapeutics, Inc., a developer of antibody therapeutics
for the treatment of cancer, since July 2020. Mr. Rocamboli has served as Chief Business Officer, General
Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Advantagene, Inc., d/b/a Candel Therapeutics, a privately held immune-oncology company based in Needham,
Massachusetts, between April 2015 and May 2020. Between 2010 and April 2015, Mr. Rocamboli served as general partner of Integrin
Partners, LLC, a consulting firm providing corporate development and strategic transaction advisory and general counsel services to life
science companies, investors and entrepreneurs. Between 2010 and 2012, Mr. Rocamboli also served as partner of Beijing International
Group, an international affiliate of Integrin Partners. Between 2014 and 2015, Mr. Rocamboli also served as Special Counsel to Wyrick
Robbins Yates Ponton, LLP, focusing on life sciences transactions. Between 2008 and 2018, Mr. Rocamboli was a co-founder and
served as President of Pear Tree Pharmaceuticals, a development stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization
of innovative pharmaceuticals that address the unique unmet needs of aging women and women with breast cancer until its sale to Dar 
Bioscience, Inc. Prior to joining Pear Tree, Mr. Rocamboli was Senior Managing Director and General Counsel of Paramount BioCapital
and its affiliated companies between 2004 and 2007, and was Deputy General Counsel of Paramount from 1999 to 2004. During his tenure
at Paramount he was also Partner at Orion Biomedical Fund. Mr. Rocamboli has served as a member of the board of directors of several
public and private life sciences companies, including Foresight Biotherapeutics (sold to Shire Pharmaceuticals in 2015) and currently
serves as a member of the board of directors of two privately held life sciences companies in New York. Mr. Rocamboli received his B.A.
degree from The State University of New York at Albany and his J.D. from Fordham University School of Law. 

We
believe that Mr. Rocamboli s significant experience and knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry as a counsel and entrepreneur,
and his service on other corporate boards, qualifies him to serve on our Board. 

44 

Corporate
Governance 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee consists of Brandi Roberts, Stephen Rocamboli and Aaron Fletcher, with Ms. Roberts serving as Chairperson. The composition
of our Audit Committee meets the requirements for independence under current Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards and Rule 10A-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Each member of our Audit Committee meets the financial
literacy requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards. Ms. Roberts is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our independent directors, Aaron Fletcher, Ph.D., Brandi Roberts, Robert S. Mills or, Stephen C. Rocamboli, is currently or has been
at any time one of our officers or employees, except for Mr. Mills service as an interim executive officer from January 2018 to
December 2018. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board or compensation
committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board. 

Code
of Conduct 

We
have adopted a code of conduct for all employees, including the chief executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer or controller, and/or persons performing similar functions, which is available on our website, under the link http://ir.tffpharma.com/corporate-governance . 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Officer
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation awarded to or earned by our chief executive officer and our two other highest paid executive
officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In reviewing the table, please note that Glenn Mattes served as our President
and Chief Executive Officer throughout 2021 and 2022 up through December 4, 2022 and Harlan Weisman, M.D. was appointed to serve as our
President and Chief Executive Officer on December 4, 2022. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Total 
 
 Glenn
 Mattes, 
 2022 
 475,000 
 -- 
 -- 
 475,000 
 
 Former
 CEO 
 2021 
 450,000 
 146,250 
 -- 
 596,250 

Harlan
 Weisman, 
 2022 
 41,955 
 -- 
 -- 
 41,955 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

Kirk
 Coleman, 
 2022 
 309,750 
 72,470 
 -- 
 382,220 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 300,000 
 78,500 
 -- 
 378,500 

Christopher
 Cano, 
 2022 
 333,125 
 20,500 
 -- 
 353,625 
 
 COO
 and Business Director 
 2021 
 325,000 
 62,250 
 276,920 
 664,170 

45 

The
dollar amounts in the Option Awards columns above reflect the values of options as of the grant date for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation and, therefore, do not necessarily reflect actual benefits
received by the individuals. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 8 to our audited consolidated
financial statements. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Mattes
Employment Agreement 

We
entered into an agreement with Mr. Mattes dated April 23, 2018. Mr. Mattes served as our President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant
to that agreement until December 20, 2018, at which time we entered into a superseding agreement with Mr. Mattes described below. We
paid Mr. Mattes at the rate of 25,000 per month under the April 2018 agreement. The April 2018 agreement contained customary provisions
relating to intellectual property assignment, confidentiality and indemnification. 

We also entered into an executive employment agreement dated December
20, 2018 with Mr. Mattes, which became effective, and replaced and superseded the April 2018 agreement, upon the close of our initial
public offering in October 2019. Pursuant to Mr. Mattes executive employment agreement, he continued to serve as our President
and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the December 2018 employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Mattes at the rate of 33,333
per month commencing upon the close of the IPO, and on May 14, 2020 we amended Mr. Mattes employment agreement to increase
his salary to 37,500 effective as of June 1, 2020. Mr. Mattes was eligible to receive a bonus of up to 50 of his base salary, commencing
with calendar year 2019, based on performance parameters set by our Board, and was also eligible for participation in our incentive compensation
plans. Mr. Mattes received a partial bonus of 146,250 for 2021. Mr. Mattes executive employment agreement entitled him to reasonable
and customary health insurance and other benefits, at our expense, and a severance payment in the amount of 12 months of his base salary
in the event of his termination by us without cause or his resignation for good reason, as such terms were defined in the executive employment
agreement. Mr. Mattes executive employment agreement is an at will agreement subject to termination by either party
at any time and for any reason. The agreement contained customary provisions relating to intellectual property assignment, confidentiality
and indemnification. 

In
connection with Mr. Mattes resignation in December 2022, we entered into a Separation Agreement
and General Release with him pursuant to which: 

Mr.
 Mattes has agreed to provide certain transition services and cooperation, as requested by
 us, for a period of seven months from the date of his resignation; 

We
 agreed to continue payment of Mr. Mattes monthly salary for a period of seven months,
 instead of the 12 months provided for under Mr. Mattes employment agreement; 

We
 agreed to extend for a period of two years from the date of Mr. Mattes resignation
 options held by Mr. Mattes to purchase up to 450,000 shares of our common stock of the Company,
 which otherwise would have expired on the one-year anniversary of Mr. Mattes resignation:
 and 

Mr.
 Mattes provided us and our affiliates with a general release along with customary covenants
 of nondisparagement and nonsolicitation. 

Weisman
Employment Agreement 

In connection with his appointment as President and Chief Executive
Officer, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Dr. Weisman pursuant to which we have agreed to pay him an annual salary
of 550,000, plus a performance-based bonus of up to 50 of Dr. Weisman s then-current salary based on performance metrics to be
determined by the Board and a severance payment in the amount of 12 months of his base salary and a pro-rata target bonus for the year
of termination in the event of his termination by us without cause or his resignation for good reason, as such terms are defined in the
executive employment agreement. Dr. Weisman and his family are entitled to medical benefits, at the Company s expense, on par with
those offered to the other senior executive officers of the Company. Dr. Weisman is otherwise eligible to participate in all other benefit
plans offered to the senior executive officers of the Company. 

46 

In
connection the appointment of Dr. Weisman, we granted Dr. Weisman options to purchase up to 1,792,450 shares of our common stock over
a ten-year period at an exercise price of 1.19 per share. The options shall vest during the period of Dr, Weisman s service as
chief executive officer of the Company as follows: options to purchase 298,750 shares of common stock shall vest and be immediately exercisable
upon the six-month anniversary of the date of grant and options to purchase 49,790 shares of common stock shall vest and become exercisable
in 30 monthly installments commencing on the seven-month anniversary of the date of grant. In the event of our termination of Dr. Weisman 
without cause or his resignation for good reason, as such terms are defined in his executive employment 
agreement , the options shall
 continue to vest for 12 months following his termination or resignation
 and all such options
shall expire on the two-year anniversary of his termination or resignation .
The options are granted under the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and the termination of the options are subject to the Plan
except as set forth above. 

Coleman
Employment Agreement 

We
have entered into an executive employment agreement dated February 15, 2019 with Mr. Coleman pursuant to which he serves as our Chief
Financial Officer. Initially, we compensated Mr. Coleman under the employment agreement at the rate of 16,666 per month, which was amended
as of December 1, 2019 to increase Mr. Coleman s salary to 21,666 per month, and further amended on September 24, 2020 to
increase Mr. Coleman s salary to 25,000 per month. On June 7, 2022, we further amended Mr. Coleman s employment agreement
to increase his salary to 26,500 per month effective June 16, 2022. 

Mr.
Coleman is eligible to receive a bonus of up to 30 of his base salary, commencing with calendar year 2019, based on performance parameters
set by our Board, and is also eligible for participation in our incentive compensation plans. Mr. Coleman received a partial bonus of
 78,500 for 2021 and a partial bonus of 72,470 for 2022. Mr. Coleman s employment agreement entitles him to reasonable and customary
health insurance and other benefits, at our expense, and a severance payment in the amount of 12 months of his base salary in the event
of his termination by us without cause or his resignation for good reason, as such terms are defined in the executive employment agreement.
Mr. Coleman s employment agreement is an at will agreement subject to termination by either party at any time and
for any reason. The agreement contains customary provisions relating to intellectual property assignment, confidentiality and indemnification. 

Cano
Employment Agreement 

We
have entered into an executive employment agreement dated December 18, 2019, which was later amended and restated as of September 24,
2020, with Mr. Cano pursuant to which he serves as our Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Business Development. From December
2018 to September 2020, Mr. Cano was compensated for his services at the rate of 20,834 per month. Effective as of September 24, 2020,
we amended Mr. Cano s employment agreement to increase his salary to 27,084 per month. On June 7, 2022, we further amended
Mr. Cano s employment agreement to increase his salary to 28,334 effective June 16, 2022. Mr. Cano is entitled to receive
a commission of 1 of net proceeds received by the Company, up to a maximum of 1,000,000 per calendar year, from sublicenses of patent
rights, provided that with respect to any net proceeds from sublicenses for which the Company is obligated to pay a third-party a sales
commission, Mr. Cano s commission rate will be 0.5 of such net proceeds. Mr. Cano is eligible to receive an annual bonus of 20 
of his base salary for meeting key performance requirements, quotas, and assigned objectives determined annually by the Board. Mr. Cano
received a partial bonus of 62,250 for 2021 and a partial bonus of 20,500 for 2022. 

Pursuant
to the employment agreement, Mr. Cano is eligible to participate in all benefits, plans, and programs, which are now, or may hereafter
be, available to other executive employees of the Company. Mr. Cano s employment agreement contains standard provisions concerning
noncompetition, nondisclosure and indemnification. 

In
the event Mr. Cano s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause, or Mr. Cano resigns for good
reason, the Company shall pay Mr. Cano, in addition to all other amounts then due and payable, twelve (12) additional monthly installments
of his base salary, less statutory deductions and withholdings. 

The
employment agreements with our executive officers were unanimously approved by our full Board. No officer or employee of our Company
was involved in the Board s deliberation over the employment agreements of our executive officers, other Glenn Mattes, our chief
executive officer. 

47 

Potential
Payments upon Termination 

As
noted above, the officer employment agreements entitle each officer to reasonable and customary health insurance and other benefits,
at our expense, and a severance payment based on their then annual salary and related benefits in the event of our termination of their
employment without cause or their resignation for good reason. 

If
a qualifying involuntary termination had occurred on December 31, 2022, our executive officers would have been eligible to receive the
following amounts: 

Name 
 Type
 of Payment 
 Termination
 of Employment ) 
 Change
 in Control 

 ) 
 
 Harlan
 Weisman 
 Cash Severance 
 550,000 

Equity Acceleration 

Kirk
 Coleman 
 Cash Severance 
 318,000 

Equity Acceleration 

Christopher
 Cano 
 Cash Severance 
 340,000 

Equity Acceleration 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

Set
forth below is information concerning the equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 

Name 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 1 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Harlan Weisman 
 92,102 
 
 2.50 
 09/26/2028 

32,845 
 10,949 
 5.00 
 10/29/2029 

2,717 
 906 
 5.00 
 11/19/2029 

11,250 
 8,750 
 13.65 
 08/24/2030 

-- 
 1,792,450 
 1.19 
 12/03/2032 
 
 Kirk Coleman 
 91,250 
 18,750 
 2.50 
 04/11/2029 

53,972 
 17,991 
 5.00 
 10/28/2029 

4,400 
 1,480 
 5.00 
 11/28/2029 

37,500 
 12,500 
 5.16 
 12/19/2029 

22,500 
 17,500 
 13.65 
 08/23/2030 
 
 Christopher Cano 
 7,968 
 532 
 2.50 
 02/01/2029 

22,500 
 7,500 
 5.16 
 12/19/2029 

18,750 
 11,250 
 5.81 
 06/24/2030 

5,625 
 4,375 
 13.65 
 08/23/2030 

44,156 
 34,344 
 14.06 
 09/10/2030 

13,437 
 29,563 
 7.93 
 09/21/2031 

With
regard to unexercisable options, 25 of the option award vests and first becomes exercisable on the first anniversary of the date of
grant, with the remaining 75 of the option award vesting in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter. 

48 

Director
Compensation 

Set
forth below is a summary of the compensation we paid to our non-executive directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. In reviewing
the table, please note: 

Brandi
 Roberts joined our Board in March 2022; 

Messrs.
 Windsor, Fairbairn and Thurman resigned from our Board in March 2022, August 2022 and September
 2022, respectively; and 

Harlan
 Weisman served as non-executive director until December 4, 2022, at which time he was appointed
 President and Chief Executive Officer and he was no longer entitled to director fees. The
 table below reflects only his director fees. Please Officer Compensation above
 for a summary of his executive compensation in 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Aaron Fletcher, Ph.D. 
 35,000 
 33,475 
 
 68,475 
 
 Robert S. Mills 
 35,000 
 33,475 
 100,000 (1) 
 168,475 
 
 Brandi Roberts 
 28,278 
 507,312 (2) 
 
 535,590 
 
 Stephen Rocamboli 
 40,000 
 33,475 
 
 73,475 
 
 Harlan Weisman, M.D. 
 37,065 

37,065 
 
 Randy Thurman 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Malcolm Fairbairn 
 21,358 

21,358 
 
 Brian Windsor 
 8,750 

8,750 

(1) 
 Represents our payment of consulting fees to Mr. Mills during 2022 . 
 
 (2) 
 Includes an initialoption grant, in connection with Ms. Roberts appointment to the Board, to purchase 95,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.90 per share. 

The dollar amounts in the Option Awards columns
above reflect the values of options as of the grant date for the years ended December 31, 2022, in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation and, therefore, do not necessarily reflect actual benefits received by the individuals. Assumptions used in the calculation
of these amounts are included in Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

We do not compensate any of our executive directors
for their service as a director. During 2022, our non-executive director compensation policy provided for our payment of a quarterly 8,750
cash retainer to our non-employee directors, plus an additional 1,250 per quarter for serving as a chairman of any committee of the Board. 

In December 2022, our Board, on the recommendation
of the compensation committee of the Board, approved the following compensation policy for our non-executive directors commencing with
the 2023 calendar year: 

An annual Board retainer of 65,000 for the Chairperson of the Board and an annual retainer of 35,000 for all other non-executive
directors; 

An annual grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2021 Plan to purchase .075 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common
stock as of the date of grant on a fully diluted basis, all such options to have a ten-year term and vest on the one-year anniversary
of the date of grant; 

Upon appointment to the Board, an initial grant of non-qualified stock options under the Plan to purchase .1875 of the issued and
outstanding shares of our common stock as of the date of grant on a fully diluted basis, all such options to have a ten-year term and
vest in 36 equal monthly installments, with a 12 month cliff; 

An annual retainer of 10,000 for the chairs of the compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee and an
annual retainer of 15,000 for the chair of the audit committee; and 

An annual retainer of 5,000 for the other members of the compensation committee and nominating and corporate
governance committee and an annual retainer of 7,500 for the other members of the audit committee. 

We also reimburse our independent directors for
their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of our Board. From time to time, we engage our executive directors
to provide consulting services on our behalf and, as disclosed below, during 2021 we engaged Robert S. Mills to provide to us certain
consulting services in the area of manufacturing and operations. 

49 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2023 by: 

each
 person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our
 issued and outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our directors, director nominees and named executive officers; and 

all
 directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. 

The beneficial ownership of
each person was calculated based on 36,193,085 common shares issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023. The SEC has defined beneficial
ownership to mean more than ownership in the usual sense. For example, a person has beneficial ownership of a share not only if
he owns it, but also if he has the power (solely or shared) to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of the share. Beneficial ownership also
includes the number of shares that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days, pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or
the conversion of notes, debentures or other indebtedness. Two or more persons might count as beneficial owners of the same share. Unless
otherwise indicated, the address for each reporting person is 1751 River Run, Suite 400, Fort Worth, Texas 76107. 

Name of Director, Executive Officer or Director Nominees 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage Owned 
 
 Harlan Weisman, M.D. 
 360,389 (1) 
 1.0 
 
 Kirk Coleman 
 259,077 (2) 

Christopher Cano 
 124,937 (3) 

Aaron Fletcher, Ph.D. 
 928,344 (4) 
 3.0 
 
 Robert S. Mills 
 150,649 (5) 

Stephen Rocamboli 
 104,318 (6) 

Brandi Roberts 
 23,750 (7) 

Directors, nominees and executive officers as a group 
 1,966,464 
 5.0 

Less
 than 1 . 

Name
 and Address of 5 + Holders 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Percentage Owned 
 
 Double Black Diamond
 Offshore Ltd. 2100 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1900 Dallas, Texas 75201 
 1,842,000 
 5.0 

Laurence
 W. Lytton 467 Central Park West New York, NY 10025 
 3,125,722 
 9.0 

(1) Includes
 145,774 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

(2) Includes
 243,402 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

(3) Includes
 124,937 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

(4) Includes
 107,455 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options and warrants held
 by Dr. Fletcher and an entity affiliated with Dr. Fletcher. 

(5) Includes
 134,669 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

(6) Includes
 88,138 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

(7) 
 Includes 23,750 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

50 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

Since
January 1, 2021, we have not entered into any transactions where the amount exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent (1 of the
average of our total assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 with any of our directors, officers, beneficial owners of five percent or
more of our common shares, any immediate family members of the foregoing or entities of which any of the foregoing are also officers
or directors or in which they have a material financial interest, other than the compensatory arrangements with our executive officers
and directors described elsewhere in this report. 

We
have adopted a policy that any transactions with directors, officers, beneficial owners of five percent or more of our common stock,
any immediate family members of the foregoing or entities of which any of the foregoing are also officers or directors or in which they
have a financial interest, will only be on terms consistent with industry standards and approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of our Board. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Our Board presently consists of five 5 authorized members. Generally, under the listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, independent directors must comprise
a majority of a listed company s board of directors. Our Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its
committees and the independence of each director. Our Board has determined that, other than Dr . Weisman ,
by virtue of his executive officer position, none of our director nominees has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each is independent as that term is
defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In making
this determination, our Board considered the current and prior relationships that each nonemployee director nominee has with our Company
and all other facts and circumstances our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership
of our capital stock by each nonemployee director nominee. Accordingly, a majority of our directors are independent, as required under
applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules, as of the date of this report. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Fees
Incurred for Services by Principal Accountant 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us for services rendered to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 by our independent registered public accounting firm, Marcum LLP. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees (A) 
 150,329 
 143,800 
 
 Audit
 - Related Fees 

Tax
 Fees 
 20,085 
 14,935 

170,414 
 158,735 

(A) The
audit fees consisted of fees for the audit of our financial statements, the review of the interim financial statements included in our
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other professional services provided in connection with the statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
and capital market financings. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee has responsibility for selecting, appointing, evaluating, compensating, retaining and overseeing the work of the independent
registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established policies and procedures
in its charter regarding pre-approval of any audit and non-audit service provided to the Company by the independent registered public
accounting firm and the fees and terms thereof. 

The
Audit Committee considered the compatibility of the provision of other services by its registered public accountant with the maintenance
of their independence. The Audit Committee approved all audit services provided by Marcum LLP in 2022 and 2021. Except for certain corporate
tax compliance services, Marcum LLP did not perform any non-audit services in 2022 or 2021. 

51 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Financial
statements 

Reference
is made to the Index and Financial Statements under Item 8 in Part II hereof where these documents are listed. 

(b) Financial
statement schedules 

Financial
statement schedules are either not required or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes
thereto filed under Item 8 in Part II hereof. 

(c) Exhibits 

The
exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth below. The exhibit index indicates each management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Method
 of Filing 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 27, 2019. 

4.2 
 
 Warrant dated October 29, 2019 issued to National Securities Corporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Warrant dated November 20, 2019 issued to National Securities Corporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2020. 

4.4 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2021 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to investors in November 2022 Follow-On Offering 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

10.1 
 
 Patent License Agreement dated July 8, 2015 between Lung Therapeutics, Inc. and The University of Texas at Austin 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

10.2 
 
 TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement dated December 20, 2018 between Robert Mills and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

52 

10.4 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated December 20, 2018 between Glenn Mattes and the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Patent License Agreement dated November 30, 2018 between the Registrant and The University of Texas at Austin 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 15, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Kirk Coleman 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2019. 

10.7 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 10, 2020 between the Company and investors named therein 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2020 

10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 Dated May 14, 2020 to Executive Employment Agreement Between Glenn Mattes and Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2020. 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated September 24, 2020 by and between the Registrant and Christopher Cano 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2021. 

10.10 
 
 TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on September 23, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement Between Zamaneh Mikhak, M.D. and Registrant 
 
 Filed
electronically herewith 

10.12 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement Between Harlan Weisman, M.D. and Registrant 
 
 Filed electronically herewith 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2020. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed
 electronically herewith 

Indicates
 management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
provided. 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this annual
report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TFF
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Harlan Weisman 

Harlan
 Weisman, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Harlan Weisman 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Harlan
 Weisman 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Kirk Coleman 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Kirk
 Coleman 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Aaron Fletcher 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Aaron
 Fletcher, Ph. D 

/s/
 Robert S. Mills, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 S. Mills, Jr. 

/s/
 Stephen Rocamboli 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Stephen
 Rocamboli 

/s /
 Brandi Roberts 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Brandi
 Roberts 

54 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-2_tffpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 3.2 

State of Delaware 

Secretary of State 

Division of Corporation 

Delivered 03:56 PM 02/10/2023 

FILED 03:56 PM 02/10/2023 

SR 20230471583 - File Number 6725367 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 

 OF 

 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under
and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), does hereby certify: 

FIRST: That
the Corporation s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended by replacing Article FOURTH thereof
with the following: 

The Corporation is authorized to issue one class of stock. The authorized capital stock of the Corporation shall consist of ninety million (90,000,000) shares which shall be designated as Common Stock, each with a par value of 0.001. 

SECOND: That the aforesaid amendment was
duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, TFF Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by Kirk Coleman, its Chief Financial Officer, as of the 10th day of February
2023. 

TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Kirk Coleman 

Kirk Coleman, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-5_tffpharma.htm
 FORM OF WARRANT ISSUED TO INVESTORS IN NOVEMBER 2022 FOLLOW-ON OFFERING

Exhibit 4.5 

EXERCISABLE ON OR AFTER NOVEMBER
22, 2022 

 AND UNTIL 5:00 P.M. (NEW YORK
TIME) ON THE EXPIRATION DATE 

TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

WARRANT CERTIFICATE 

Warrant No.: __________ 

 Number of Warrants: __________ 

 Date of Issuance: November 22, 2022 Issuance Date 

TFF Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company ), hereby
certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [HOLDER], the registered
holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder ), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase
from the Company, one-half of a fully paid and non- assessable share (the Warrant Shares of common stock, par value
 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company for each Warrant or Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
at a purchase price of 0.645 per one half-share 1.29 per whole share) of Common Stock (the Exercise Price ), subject
to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof; provided, however , that a Warrant may not be exercised for a fractional share,
so that only a multiple of two Warrants may be exercised at a given time. This Warrant Certificate is being issued pursuant to (i) that
certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022, by and between the Company and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC,
as representatives of the several underwriters named therein, (ii) the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File number
333-249870) (the Registration Statement ). This Warrant Certificate shall initially be issued and maintained in the
form of a security held in book-entry form at the Company s transfer agent, Pacific Stock Transfer Warrant Agent ),
subject to a Holder s right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agent Agreement,
dated November 22, 2022, between the Company and the Warrant Agent. 

The Company
shall register this Warrant Certificate, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose (the Warrant Register ),
in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any registered assignee to which this
Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as
the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent
actual notice to the contrary. Upon thirty (30) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation
into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company
or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all
of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further
act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail,
postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holder s last address as shown on the Warrant Register. 

1. 
 Date of Warrant Exercise . This Warrant shall become exercisable on the Base Date (the Exercise Date ).
As used in this Warrant, the term Base Date shall mean November 22, 2022 (the date of the issuance of this Warrant.. 

2. Expiration of Warrant .
This Warrant shall expire on the five (5) year anniversary of the Base Date (the Expiration Date ). 

3. Exercise of Warrant . This Warrant shall be exercisable pursuant to the terms of this Section 3. 

3.1 Manner of Exercise . 

(a) This
Warrant may only be exercised by the Holder hereof on or after the Exercise Date and on or prior to the Expiration Date, in
accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, in whole or in part (but not as to fractional shares) with respect to any portion
of this Warrant, during the Company s normal business hours on any day other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a day on which
commercial banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized by law to be closed (a Business Day ), by
surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its office maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(a) hereof, accompanied by a written
exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A to this Warrant (or a reasonable facsimile thereof) duly executed by the
Holder, together with the payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares purchased upon exercise of this
Warrant. Upon surrender of this Warrant, the Company shall cancel this Warrant document and shall, in the event of partial exercise,
replace it with a new Warrant document in accordance with Section 3.3. 

(b) 
 Except as provided for in Section 3.1(c) below, each exercise of this Warrant must be accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate
Exercise Price in cash by check or wire transfer in immediately available funds for the number of Warrant Shares being purchased by the
Holder upon such exercise. 

(c) 
 If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein
is not available for, the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may only be exercised, in whole or in part,
at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares,
equal to the quotient (X) obtained by dividing [(A-B) (Y)] by (A), where: 

X = the number of
Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder. 

Y = the number of
Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being exercised. 

A = the Fair Market
Value of the Common Stock. 

B = the Exercise
Price. 

For purposes
of this Warrant, the term Fair Market Value means with respect to a particular date, the average closing price of
the Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the applicable exercise herein as officially reported by the principal
securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted to trading, or, if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted
to trading on any securities exchange as determined in good faith by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, based on the
best information available to it. 

If Warrant
Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act ),
the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position
contrary to this Section 3.1(c). 

3.2 
 When Exercise Effective . Each exercise of this Warrant shall be deemed to have been effected immediately prior to the close
of business on the Business Day on which this Warrant shall have been duly surrendered to the Company as provided in Sections 3.1 and
12 hereof, and, at such time, the Holder in whose name any certificate or certificates for Warrant Shares shall be issuable upon exercise
as provided in Section 3.3 hereof shall be deemed to have become the holder or holders of record thereof of the number of Warrant Shares
purchased upon exercise of this Warrant. 

3.3 
 Delivery of Common Stock Certificates and New Warrant . As soon as reasonably practicable after each exercise of this Warrant,
in whole or in part, and in any event within three (3) Business Days thereafter, the Company, at its expense (including the payment by
it of any applicable issue taxes), will cause to be issued in the name of and delivered to the Holder hereof or, subject to Sections 9
and 10 hereof, as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct: 

(a) 
 a certificate or certificates (with appropriate restrictive legends, as applicable) for the number of duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled upon exercise; and 

 (b) 
 in case exercise is in part only, a new Warrant document of like tenor, dated the date hereof, for the remaining number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant after giving effect to the partial exercise of this Warrant (including the delivery of any
Warrant Shares as payment of the Exercise Price for such partial exercise of this Warrant). 

2 

4. Certain Adjustments . For so long as this Warrant is outstanding: 

4.1 
 Mergers or Consolidations . If at any time after the date hereof there shall be a capital reorganization (other than a combination
or subdivision of Common Stock otherwise provided for herein) resulting in a reclassification to or change in the terms of securities
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (a Reorganization ), or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another
corporation, association, partnership, organization, business, individual, government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental
agency (a Person or the Persons (other than a merger with another Person in which the Company
is a continuing corporation and which does not result in any reclassification or change in the terms of securities issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant or a merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company) (a Merger ),
then, as a part of such Reorganization or Merger, lawful provision and adjustment shall be made so that the Holder shall thereafter be
entitled to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the number of shares of stock or any other equity or debt securities or property receivable
upon such Reorganization or Merger by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock which might have been purchased upon exercise of
this Warrant immediately prior to such Reorganization or Merger. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application
of the provisions of this Warrant with respect to the rights and interests of the Holder after the Reorganization or Merger to the end
that the provisions of this Warrant (including adjustment of the Exercise Price then in effect and the number of Warrant Shares) shall
be applicable after that event, as near as reasonably may be, in relation to any shares of stock, securities, property or other assets
thereafter deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 4.1 shall similarly apply to successive Reorganizations
and/or Mergers. 

4.2 
 Splits and Subdivisions; Dividends . In the event the Company should at any time or from time to time effectuate a split
or subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or pay a dividend in or make a distribution payable in additional shares of Common
Stock or other securities, or rights convertible into, or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional
shares of Common Stock (hereinafter referred to as Common Stock Equivalents without payment of any consideration
by such holder for the additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (including the additional shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof), then, as of the applicable record date (or the date of such distribution, split or subdivision
if no record date is fixed), the per share Exercise Price shall be appropriately decreased and the number of Warrant Shares shall be appropriately
increased in proportion to such increase (or potential increase) of outstanding shares; provided, however, that no adjustment shall be
made in the event the split, subdivision, dividend or distribution is not effectuated. 

4.3 
 Combination of Shares . If the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any time after the date hereof is decreased
by a combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the per share Exercise Price shall be appropriately increased and the number
of shares of Warrant Shares shall be appropriately decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares. 

4.4 
 Adjustments for Other Distributions . In the event the Company shall declare a distribution payable in securities of other
Persons, evidences of indebtedness issued by the Company or other Persons, assets (excluding cash dividends or distributions to the holders
of Common Stock paid out of current or retained earnings and declared by the Company s Board of Directors) or options or rights
not referred to in Sections 4.2 or 4.3 then, in each such case for the purpose of this Section 4.4, upon exercise of this Warrant, the
Holder shall be entitled to a proportionate share of any such distribution as though the Holder was the actual record holder of the number
of Warrant Shares as of the record date fixed for the determination of the holders of Common Stock of the Company entitled to receive
such distribution. 

5. 
 No Impairment . The Company will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or through any consolidation,
merger, reorganization, transfer of assets, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all
of the terms and in the taking of all actions necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder against impairment. 

6. Notice
as to Adjustments . With respect to each adjustment pursuant to Section 4 of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will
promptly compute the adjustment or re-adjustment in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and furnish the Holder with a
certificate certified and confirmed by the Secretary or Chief Financial Officer of the Company setting forth, in reasonable detail,
the event requiring the adjustment or re-adjustment and the amount of such adjustment or re-adjustment, the method of calculation
thereof and the facts upon which the adjustment or re- adjustment is based, and the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares
or other securities purchasable hereunder after giving effect to such adjustment or re-adjustment, which report shall be mailed by
first class mail, postage prepaid to the Holder. 

3 

7. 
 Reservation of Shares . The Company shall, solely for the purpose of effecting the exercise of this Warrant, at all times
during the term of this Warrant, reserve and keep available out of its authorized shares of Common Stock, free from all taxes, liens and
charges with respect to the issue thereof and not subject to preemptive rights of shareholders of the Company, such number of its shares
of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect in full the exercise of this Warrant. If at any time the number of
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect in full the exercise of this Warrant, in addition to
such other remedies as shall be available to Holder, the Company will promptly take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient
for such purposes, including without limitation, using its Reasonable Commercial Efforts (as defined in Section 15 hereof) to obtain the
requisite shareholder approval necessary to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. The Company hereby represents and
warrants that all shares of Common Stock issuable upon proper exercise of this Warrant shall be duly authorized and, when issued and paid
for upon proper exercise, shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

8. 
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 3 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such
issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and
any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution
Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised
portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth
in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 8, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange
Act ), it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith.
To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 8 applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 8, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report
filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice
by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request
of a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall
be 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
For purposes of this Section 8, Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the
Securities Act. 

4 

9. Transfer of Warrant . 

9.1 
 Restrictive Legends . This Warrant and each Warrant issued upon transfer or in substitution for this Warrant pursuant to
Section 10 hereof, each certificate for Common Stock issued upon the exercise of the Warrant and each certificate issued upon the transfer
of any such Common Stock shall be transferable only upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in this Section 9. Each of the foregoing
securities shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend reflecting the restrictions on transfer set forth herein and any restrictions
required under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws. 

9.2 
 Notice of Proposed Transfer . Prior to any transfer of any securities which are not registered under an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act Restricted Securities ), which transfer may only occur if there is an exemption
from the registration provisions of the Securities Act and all other applicable securities laws, the Holder will give written notice to
the Company of the Holder s intention to effect a transfer (and shall describe the manner and circumstances of the proposed transfer).
The following provisions shall apply to any proposed transfer of Restricted Securities: 

(i) 
 If in the opinion of counsel for the Holder reasonably satisfactory to the Company the proposed transfer may be effected without
registration of the Restricted Securities under the Securities Act (which opinion shall state in detail the basis of the legal conclusions
reached therein), the Holder shall thereupon be entitled to transfer the Restricted Securities in accordance with the terms of the notice
delivered by the Holder to the Company. Each certificate representing the Restricted Securities issued upon or in connection with any
transfer shall bear the restrictive legends required by Section 9.1 hereof. 

(ii) 
 If the opinion called for in (i) above is not delivered, the Holder shall not be entitled to transfer the Restricted Securities
until either: (x) receipt by the Company of a further notice from such Holder pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.2
and fulfillment of the provisions of clause (i) above, or (y) such Restricted Securities have been effectively registered under the Securities
Act. 

10. Ownership, Transfer, Sale and Substitution of Warrant . 

10.1 
 Ownership of Warrant . The Company may treat any Person in whose name this Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register
maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(b) hereof as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary,
except that, if and when any Warrant is properly assigned in blank, the Company may (but shall not be obligated to) treat the bearer thereof
as the owner of such Warrant for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. Subject to Sections 9 and 10 hereof, this Warrant,
if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder without a new Warrant first having been issued. 

10.2 Office; Exchange of Warrant . 

(a) 
 The Company will maintain its principal office at the location identified in the prospectus relating to the Offering or at such
other offices as set forth in the Company s most current filing (as of the date notice is to be given) under the Exchange Act, or
as the Company otherwise notifies the Holder. 

(b) 
 The Company shall cause to be kept at its office maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(a) hereof the Warrant Register. The Person
in whose name the Warrant shall be so registered shall be deemed and treated as the owner and holder thereof for all purposes of this
Warrant, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice or knowledge to the contrary. 

(c) 
 Upon the surrender of this Warrant, properly endorsed, for registration of transfer or for exchange at the office of the Company
maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(a) hereof, the Company at its expense will (subject to compliance with Section 9 hereof, if applicable)
execute and deliver to or upon the order of the Holder thereof a new Warrant of like tenor, in the name of such holder or as such holder
(upon payment by such holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may direct, calling in the aggregate on the face thereof for the number
of shares of Common Stock called for on the face of the Warrant so surrendered (after giving effect to any previous adjustment(s) to the
number of Warrant Shares). 

10.3 Replacement
of Warrant . Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of this Warrant, upon delivery of indemnity reasonably
satisfactory to the Company in form and amount or, in the case of any mutilation, upon surrender of this Warrant for cancellation at
the office of the Company maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(a) hereof, the Company will execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a
new Warrant of like tenor and dated the date hereof. 

5 

10.4 
 Opinions . In connection with the sale of the Warrant Shares by Holder, the Company agrees to cooperate with the Holder,
and at the Company s expense, to have its counsel provide any legal opinions required to remove the restrictive legends from the
Warrant Shares in connection with a sale, transfer or legend removal request of Holder. 

11. Redemption of Warrants . 

(a) 
 Beginning on the one-year anniversary of this Warrant, outstanding Warrants may be redeemed at the option of the Company, in whole
or in part on a pro-rata basis, by giving not less than 30 days prior notice as provided in Section 13 below, which notice may
not be given before, but may be given at any time after the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock on the
principal exchange or trading facility on which it is then traded has equaled or exceeded 4.00 for ten consecutive Trading Days. For
purposes of this Section 11, (a) Trading Day means (i) a day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded on the
Trading Market on which the shares of Common Stock are then listed or quoted, or (ii) if the shares of Common Stock are not listed on
any such Trading Market, a day on which the shares of Common Stock are traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the OTC Markets;
provided, that in the event that the shares of Common Stock are not listed or quoted as set forth in clause (i) or (ii) hereof, then Trading
Day shall mean a Business Day. and (b) Trading Market means the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq
Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

(b) 
 The price at which a Warrant may be redeemed (the Redemption Price is 0.025 per Warrant. On and after the
date upon which such Warrant is redeemed by the Company (the Redemption Date ), the Holder of a redeemed Warrant shall
be entitled to payment of the Redemption Price upon surrender of the Warrant to the Company. 

(c) 
 Notice of redemption of Warrants shall be given at least 30 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Company (i) notifying
the Warrant Holders of such redemption via publication of a press release and (ii) taking such other steps as may be required under applicable
law. 

(d) 
 From and after the Redemption Date, all Warrants noticed for redemption that have not theretofore been exercised by the Holder
shall, upon payment of the aggregate Redemption Price therefor, cease to represent the right to purchase any shares of Common Stock and
shall be deemed cancelled and void and of no further force or effect without any further act or deed on the part of the Company. 

(e) 
 The Holder undertakes to return the certificate representing any redeemed Warrants to the Company upon their redemption and to
indemnify the Company with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising from the Holder s failure to return such
certificate. In the event the certificate so returned represents a number of Warrants in excess of the number being redeemed, the Company
shall as promptly as practicable issue to the Holder a new certificate in book-entry form for the number of unredeemed Warrants. 

12.
 No Rights or Liabilities as Stockholder . No Holder shall be entitled
to vote or be deemed the holder of any equity securities which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything
contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote
for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to
any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, consolidation,
merger, conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings until the Warrant shall have been exercised and the shares of Common
Stock purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein. 

6 

13. Notices .
Any notice or other communication in connection with this Warrant shall be given in writing and directed to the parties hereto as
follows: (a) if to the Holder, at the address of the holder in the warrant register maintained pursuant to Section 10 hereof, or (b)
if to the Company, to the attention of its Chief Executive Officer at its office maintained pursuant to Section 10.2(a) hereof; provided, that
the exercise of the Warrant shall also be effected in the manner provided in Section 3 hereof. Notices shall be deemed properly
delivered and received when delivered to the notice party (i) if personally delivered, upon receipt or refusal to accept delivery,
(ii) if sent via facsimile, upon mechanical confirmation of successful transmission thereof generated by the sending telecopy
machine, (iii) if sent by a commercial overnight courier for delivery on the next Business Day, on the first Business Day after
deposit with such courier service, (iv) if sent by registered or certified mail, five (5) Business Days after deposit thereof in the
U.S. mail, or (v) if sent by email, the date of transmission if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email
address specified in the Underwriting Agreement prior to 5:00 p.m. (prevailing Pacific time) on a Business Day, or the next Business
Day after the date of transmission if such notice or communication is delivered via email at the email address specified in the
Underwriting Agreement on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. (prevailing Pacific time) on a Business Day. 

14. Payment
of Taxes . The Company will pay all documentary stamp taxes attributable to the issuance of shares of Common Stock underlying
this Warrant upon exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which
may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the transfer or registration of this Warrant or any certificate for shares of
Common Stock underlying this Warrant in a name other that of the Holder. The Holder is responsible for all other tax liability that
may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving shares of Common Stock underlying this Warrant upon
exercise hereof. 

15. Miscellaneous .
This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of the change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. This Warrant shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. Each of the parties consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Federal or state courts whose districts encompass any part of the County of New York located in the City of New
York, New York in connection with any dispute arising under this Agreement and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by
law, any objection, including any objection based on forum non conveniens, to the bringing of any such proceeding in such
jurisdictions. Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such proceeding by any manner
permitted by law. The section headings in this Warrant are for purposes of convenience only and shall not constitute a part hereof.
In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the
parties will attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable
substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant. When used herein, the term
 Reasonable Commercial Efforts means, with respect to the applicable obligation of the Company, reasonable
commercial efforts for similarly situated, publicly- traded companies. 

(Signature on Following Page) 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Underwriter Warrant to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Glenn Mattes 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

8 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 

[To be executed only upon exercise
of Warrant] To TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.: 

The
undersigned registered holder of the within Warrant hereby irrevocably exercises the Warrant pursuant to Section 3.1 of the Warrant
with respect to [ ] Warrant Shares, at a per half-share purchase price equivalent to 1.29 per share of Common Stock, and
requests that the certificates for such Warrant Shares be issued, subject to Sections 9 and 10, in the name of and delivered to: 

The undersigned is hereby making payment for the Warrant
Shares in the following manner: [check one] 

[ ] by cash in accordance with Section 3.1(b) of the Warrant 

[ ] via cashless exercise in accordance with Section 3.1(c)
of the Warrant in the following manner: 

The undersigned hereby
represents and warrants that it is, and has been since its acquisition of the Warrant, the record and beneficial owner of the Warrant. 

Dated: 

Print or Type Name 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as
specified on the face of Warrant) 

(Street Address) 

(City) 
 (State) 
 (Zip Code) 

9 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT 

[To be executed only upon transfer of Warrant] 

For value received, the undersigned
registered holder of the within Warrant hereby sells, assigns and transfers 

 unto______________ [include name and addresses] the rights represented
by the Warrant to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock of TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. to which the Warrant relates, and appoints
Attorney to make such transfer on the books of TFF PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. maintained for the purpose, with full power of substitution
in the premises. 

Dated: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as specified on the face of Warrant) 

(Street Address) 

(City) 
 (State) 
 (Zip Code) 

Signed in the presence of: 

Signature of Transferee) 

(Street Address) 

(City) 
 (State) 
 (Zip Code) 

Signed in the presence of: 

10 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-11_tffpharma.htm
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN ZAMANEH MIKHAK, M.D. AND REGISTRANT

Exhibit 10.11 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of January 5 th , 2023, by and between
TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Zamaneh Mikhak, M.D. Executive ). 

R
E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS,
the Company considers it essential to its best interests and the best interests of its stockholders to employ Executive as its Chief
Medical Officer during the Employment Term, as defined below; and 

WHEREAS,
Executive is willing to accept her employment on the terms hereinafter set forth in this Agreement. 

A
G R E E M E N T 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree
as follows: 

1. Duties
and Scope of Employment . 

(a) Positions
and Duties . Company hereby employs Executive in the capacity of Chief Medical Officer, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as further amended from time to time Bylaws ), and all Company written
policies or procedures currently in effect or subsequently implemented. Executive will render such business and professional services
in the performance of her duties as are customarily associated with Executive s positions within the Company and Executive agrees
to perform such other duties and functions that are consistent with such positions as shall from time to time be reasonably assigned
or delegated to Executive by the Company s Chief Executive officer CEO or Board of Directors (the Board ).
Executive s employment under this agreement will commence on January 9, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The period
of Executive s employment under this Agreement is referred to herein as the Employment Term . During the Employment
Term, Executive shall report directly to the CEO. Executive s primary place of business and work location for the performance of
Executive s duties and responsibilities will be at Executive s residence which is currently located in Lexington, Massachusetts,
provided, however, Executive will travel and/or provide services in person at Company offices from time to time when reasonably required
for business purposes. 

(b) Obligations .
During the Employment Term, Executive will perform her duties faithfully and to the best of her ability and will devote her best efforts
and full business time to the Company. Executive, if so requested by the CEO or Board, will also serve, without additional compensation,
as an officer, director or manager of any subsidiary of the Company as necessary in order to carry out her obligations as Chief Medical
Officer of the Company, it being understood that any such additional appointments will not materially increase her time requirements
hereunder. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business or
businesses, whether or not similar to that of Company, except as herein permitted or with the consent of the CEO or Board. The foregoing
notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Executive may (i) engage in passive personal investment and charitable activities
and serve on corporate boards of directors and (ii) during the first month of her employment consult with her current clientele for purposes
of completing current assignments, provided that, in either case, such activities do not conflict with the business and affairs of Company
or interfere with Executive s performance of her duties hereunder. 

2. At-Will
Employment . Executive and the Company agree and acknowledge that Executive s employment with the Company constitutes at-will 
employment, which means that either the Company or Executive may terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time
and for any or no reason, and with or without cause, as more fully set forth in Section 7 . 

3. Compensation . 

(a) Base
Salary . During the Employment Term, beginning on the Effective Date, the Company will pay Executive as compensation for her services
a base salary of 430,000 per annum (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid in regular installments in accordance
with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to required withholding). The first and last payment will be adjusted, if
necessary, to reflect a commencement or termination date other than the first or last working day of a pay period. The Board will review
the Executive s performance, generally on an annual basis, with increases, if any, to the Base Salary, as determined by the Board
in its sole discretion. 

(b) Bonuses .
Executive will be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus for each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2023, targeted at
40 of the prevailing Base Salary (the Target Bonus ). The bonus periods and related performance metrics will be
determined in advance of each bonus period by the Board or its Compensation Committee, based upon goals and objectives approved by the
Board or its Compensation Committee with input from Executive, each as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee in its sole
discretion. 

4. Employee
Benefits . During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter
maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company, including, without limitation, the TFF
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and the Company s retirement, group medical,
dental, vision, disability, life insurance and flexible-spending account plans, if applicable. The Company reserves the right to cancel
or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. In connection with her employment hereunder, the Company
shall grant Executive options under the 2021 Plan to purchase 430,000 shares of the Company s 0.001 par value common stock (the
 Options pursuant to an Incentive Stock Option Agreement. The Options shall vest and first become exercisable over
a four-year period from the Effective Date, with one-fourth of the Options (the Initial Quarter vesting on the
one-year anniversary of the Effective Date and the balance vesting in equal installments over the next 12 calendar quarters; provided,
however, in the event of a Change in Control (as such term is defined in the 2021 Plan) all of the Options that are then outstanding
and unvested will immediately vest in full and become immediately exercisable in full and will remain exercisable in accordance with
their terms. The Options shall have an exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2021 Plan) on the date of grant
and shall otherwise conform to the terms and conditions of the 2021 Plan. The Options will be granted and be subject to, and conditioned
upon, the approval by the stockholders of the Company of an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation for purposes
of increasing its authorized Common Stock. 

5. Paid
Time Off . Executive will be entitled to paid time off of 15 days per year in accordance with the Company s prevailing policy,
with the timing and duration of specific periods mutually and reasonably agreed to by Executive and the Company. 

6. Business
Expenses . During the Employment Term, the Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses
incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance
with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 

2 

7. Termination .
Executive s employment and this Agreement (except as otherwise provided hereunder) shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of
the following, at the time set forth therefor (the Termination Date ). 

(a) Death
or Disability . Immediately upon the death of Executive or a determination by the Company that Executive has ceased to be able to
perform the essential functions of her duties, with or without reasonable accommodation, for a period of not less than one hundred and
twenty (120) days in the aggregate within a one-year period, due to a mental or physical illness or incapacity Disability (termination pursuant to this Section 7(a) being referred to herein as termination for Death or Disability );
or 

(b) Voluntary
Termination . Ninety (90) days following Executive s written notice to the Company of termination of employment; provided,
however , that the Company may waive all or a portion of the ninety (90) days notice and accelerate the effective date of such
termination (and the Termination Date) (termination pursuant to this Section 7(b) being referred to herein as Voluntary
Termination ). Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in the event that the Company accelerates the effective date of such
termination, the Company shall continue to provide Executive with the compensation and benefits under Section 3 above and Executive shall
continue to vest under any existing option agreement or other stock-based award agreement through the date of termination specified in
the Executive s written notice of termination as if Executive had remained employed and the Company had not unilaterally accelerated
the Termination Date. 

(c) Termination
For Cause . Immediately following notice of termination for Cause (as defined below), specifying such Cause, given by
the Company (termination pursuant to this Section 7(c) being referred to herein as Termination for Cause ).
As used herein, Cause means (i) termination based on Executive s conviction or plea of guilty 
or no contest to any crime constituting a felony in the jurisdiction in which committed, any crime involving moral turpitude
(whether or not a felony), or any other violation of criminal law involving dishonesty or willful misconduct that injures the Company s
interests or reputation (whether or not a felony); (ii) Executive s substance abuse that in any manner interferes with the performance
of her duties; (iii) Executive s failure or refusal to perform her duties at all or in an acceptable manner in the reasonable good
faith judgment of the Board or to follow the lawful and ethical directives of the CEO that are within the scope of Executive s
duties which, if curable, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of such failure or refusal; (iv) Executive s
material breach of this Agreement which, if curable, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of such material
breach; (v) Executive s material breach of the Confidential Information Agreement (as defined below); (vi) misconduct by
Executive that has or could materially discredit or materially damage the Company; (vii) Executive s indictment for a felony violation
of the federal securities laws; or (viii) Executive s chronic absence from work for reasons other than illness. The definition
of Cause in this Section 7(c) shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the definition of Cause in Section 2.3 of the 2021 Plan. 

(d) Termination
Without Cause . Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Company may terminate Executive s employment thirty
(30) days following notice of termination without Cause given by the Company; provided, however, that during any such thirty (30) day
notice period, the Company may suspend, with no reduction in pay or benefits, Executive from her duties as set forth herein (including,
without limitation, Executive s position as a representative and agent of the Company) (termination pursuant to this Section
7(d) being referred to herein as Termination Without Cause ). 

3 

(e) Resignation
for Good Reason . Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, Executive may resign her position for good
reason if any one of the following events occurs, without Executive s consent: (i) a material diminution in the Executive s
responsibilities, authority or duties; (ii) a reduction in Executive s then current Base Salary greater than ten percent (10 ),
other than an across-the-board salary reduction or series of reductions that are based on the Company s financial performance and
similarly affect all or substantially all executive officers of the Company and do not exceed fifteen percent (15 of Executive s
initial Base Salary; (iii) relocation of Executive s primary place of business and work location farther than 50 miles from Executive s
primary place of business and work location at the commencement of this Agreement; or (iv) any action or inaction by the Company constituting
a material breach of this Agreement; provided, however, that with respect to either of the foregoing clauses (i) (iv) (collectively
the Good Reason Conditions ), Executive has (A) provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good
Reason Condition(s) within ninety (90) days of the Good Reason Condition(s) first occurring, (B) the Company has failed to cure the Good
Reason Condition(s) specified in such notice despite having been given thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure such Good
Reason Condition(s) (the Cure Period ), and (C) Executive terminates her employment within thirty (30) days after
the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason Condition(s) during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not
to have occurred (termination pursuant to this Section 7(e) being referred to herein as Resignation for Good Reason ). 

(f) Other
Remedies . Termination pursuant to this section above shall be in addition to and without prejudice to any other right or remedy to
which the Company may be entitled at law, in equity, or under this Agreement. 

8. Severance
and Termination . 

(a) Voluntary
Termination, Termination for Cause, Termination for Death or Disability . In the case of a termination of Executive s employment
hereunder for Death or Disability in accordance with Section 7(a) above, or Executive s Voluntary Termination in accordance
with Section 7(b) above, or a termination of Executive s employment hereunder for Cause in accordance with Section 7(c)
 above, (i) Executive shall not be entitled to receive payment of, and the Company shall have no obligation to pay, any severance
or similar compensation attributable to such termination, other than Base Salary earned but unpaid, any vested benefits the Executive
may have under any employee benefit plan of the Company through the Termination Date, which vested benefits shall be paid and/or provided
in accordance with the terms of such employee benefit plans, and any unreimbursed expenses pursuant to Section 6 hereof incurred
by Executive as of the Termination Date (collectively, the Accrued Benefits ), and (ii) the Company s other obligations
under this Agreement shall immediately cease. 

4 

(b) Termination
Without Cause and Resignation for Good Reason . Subject to the provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the case of a Termination
Without Cause of Executive s employment hereunder in accordance with Section 7(d) or Resignation for Good Reason in accordance
with Section 7(e) above, the Company shall pay Executive the Accrued Benefits and (i) 12 months Base Salary then in effect
and without the effect of any reduction constituting Good Reason, less statutory deductions and withholdings, payable in the form of
salary continuation and pursuant to the Company s normal payroll cycle, (ii) an amount equal to Executive s prorated Target
Bonus at 100 for the year in which such termination takes place, (iii) if Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason occurs
within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date, a prorated acceleration of the vesting of the Options through the last day of the month
during which the Termination Date occurs, (iv) if Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason occurs more than twelve (12)
months after the Effective Date, a prorated acceleration of the vesting of the Options through the last day of the calendar quarter during
which the Termination Date occurs, and (v) the continued reimbursement of health insurance premiums paid by Executive, consistent with
the Company s reimbursement of such premiums prior to termination, for the lesser of (A) twelve (12) months following such termination
or (B) such time as Executive procures at a third party s expense comparable health insurance (collectively, the Severance
Payments ). The Company s obligation to make Severance Payments is conditioned upon Executive timely signing and returning
to the Company (and not revoking), within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date, a release agreement in a form satisfactory to the
Company (which shall include, but not be limited to, a full release of claims) and on Executive s continued compliance with Executive s
obligations to the Company that survive termination of her employment in this Agreement in and in the Confidential Information Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Release (i) shall not contain any terms or conditions that
lessen the rights and benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement or increase Executive s obligations under this
Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement and (ii) shall provide that the following claims are excluded from the Release: (A)
any claims or rights which cannot be waived by law; (B) any claims for the payments and benefits due under this Agreement or claims
to enforce rights that accrue under this Agreement following termination of employment; (C) any claims or rights to any vested benefits
or vested rights that Executive may have under any employee benefit, retirement, pension, or equity plans, including, without limitation,
the 2021 Plan and awards granted under such plan(s); (D) non-termination related claims under the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), as amended; (E) any rights and/or claims under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
of 1985 COBRA to elect continued group health plan coverage; (F) claims for reimbursement of approved business expenses
incurred prior to the termination of employment; (G) rights, if any, to defense and indemnification from the Company or its insurers
for actions taken by Executive in the course and scope of Executive s employment with the Company, including, without limitation,
rights of defense and indemnification under any indemnification agreement made and entered into by the Company and Executive, the Company s
articles of incorporation or bylaws, as a matter of law, or under any directors and officers insurance policies; or (H) any rights and/or
claims Executive may have as a shareholder of the Company. The amounts payable under this Section 8(b) shall be paid or commence to be
paid within 60 days after the Termination Date; provided, however, that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in
a second calendar year, such payment shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day
period. 

5 

9. Timing
of Payments and Section 409A . 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time of Executive s termination of employment, Executive is a specified
employee, as defined below, any and all amounts payable under Section 8 on account of such separation from service, to
the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code Section 409A that constitute deferred compensation and would (but for this provision) be payable within six (6) months following the date of termination,
shall instead be paid on the next business day following the expiration of such six (6) month period or, if earlier, upon Executive s
death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment
covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance
of the installments shall be payable in accordance with the original schedule. 

(b) For
purposes of this Agreement, all references to termination of employment and correlative phrases shall be construed to require
a separation from service (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury regulations after giving effect to the presumptions
contained therein), and the term specified employee means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified employee
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). 

(c) Each
payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series of installment payments under this
Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. 

(d) Any
reimbursement for expenses or provision of in-kind benefits that would constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section
409A shall be subject to the following additional rules: (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the in-kind benefits
to be provided, during any taxable year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be
provided, in any other taxable year; (ii) reimbursement of the expense shall be made, if at all, promptly, but not later than the
end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or to in-kind
benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 

(e) The
parties hereto agree that their intent is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A
to the extent applicable. This Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A, and all provisions of this
Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. 

10. Company;
Matters; Confidential Information . 

(a) Confidential
and Proprietary Information . Concurrently with or prior to the execution of this Agreement, Executive shall have signed a copy of
the Company s standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement ).
The Company agrees to provide Executive with confidential information, as defined in the Confidential Information Agreement, subsequent
to her execution of the Confidential Information Agreement. 

(b) Resignation
on Termination . On termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall immediately (and with contemporaneous effect) resign
any directorships, offices or other positions that Executive may hold in the Company or any of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise agreed
by the parties. 

(c) Notification
of New Employer . In the event that Executive leaves the employ of the Company, Executive grants consent to notification by the Company
to Executive s new employer about Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Confidential Information
Agreement. 

(d) Return
of Company Property . Executive agrees that, at the time of leaving the employ of the Company, Executive will deliver to the Company
(and will not keep in Executive s possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports,
proposals, lists, correspondence (including emails), specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, other documents
or property, or reproductions of any aforementioned items developed by Executive pursuant to Executive s employment with the Company
or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns. 

6 

11. Assignment .
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive
upon Executive s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted
for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm,
corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all
or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable
pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void,
unless otherwise required by law. 

12. Notices .
All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally
by hand or by courier, mailed by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail directed to the party to
be notified at the address or electronic mail address indicated for such party on the signature page to this Agreement, or at such other
address or electronic mail address as such party may designate by written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and other
communications shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, three (3) days after the date of mailing, or upon confirmation of electronic
mail. 

13. Severability .
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 

14. Arbitration . 

(a) Except
as provided in subsection (b) below, Executive agrees that any dispute, claim or controversy concerning her employment or the termination
of her employment or any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to any interpretation, construction, performance or
breach of this Agreement, shall be settled by arbitration conducted by a single arbitrator to be held in Suffolk County, Massachusetts
in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association
(the AAA ). The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of
the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s
decision in any court having jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by law, the Company shall pay the arbitrator s compensation
and the AAA administrative fees associated with the arbitration, except for the filing fee capped at 300.00 for any arbitration that
is initiated by Executive, and each party shall separately pay its respective counsel fees and expenses. Disputes which Executive agrees
to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include, to the extent permissible by law, any statutory claims
under state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with
Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Texas Commission
on Human Rights Act, claims of harassment, discrimination or wrongful termination and any statutory claims. Executive further understands
that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 

(b) Any
party may also petition the court for injunctive or other equitable relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement
or the Confidential Information Agreement. In the event that either party seeks such relief, no bond shall be required, and the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys fees. Any such relief will be filed in any state or federal
court serving Suffolk County, Massachusetts. 

(c) EXECUTIVE
HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS SECTION, WHICH DISCUSSES ARBITRATION. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE AGREES,
SUBJECT TO SECTION 14(b) , TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION,
VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES
A WAIVER OF EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER/EMPLOYEE
RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS. 

7 

15. Integration .
This Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement, represents the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral, including
that certain term sheet dated December 16, 2022 between the parties relating to Executive s employment hereunder. 

16. Waiver;
Amendment . No party shall be deemed to have waived any right, power or privilege under this Agreement or any provisions hereof unless
such waiver shall have been duly executed in writing and acknowledged by the party to be charged with such waiver. The failure of any
party at any time to insist on performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of
such provisions, nor in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement
shall be held to be a waiver of any other subsequent breach. This Agreement may only be amended or otherwise modified in a writing signed
by the parties hereto. 

17. Effect
of Headings . The section and subsection headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction
hereof. 

18. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall
constitute but one instrument. 

19. Tax
Withholding . All payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes. 

20. Governing
Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (with the exception of its conflict of laws
provisions). 

21. Construction
of Agreement . This Agreement has been negotiated by the respective parties, and the language shall not be construed for or against
either party. 

22. Voluntary
Nature of Agreement; Legal Rights . Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by
the Company or anyone else. Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney regarding the provisions
of this Agreement and has either obtained such advice of counsel or knowingly waived the opportunity to seek such advice. Executive has
carefully read this Agreement and has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect
of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that Executive is waiving Executive s right to a jury trial. 

[ Remainder
of Page Intentionally Blank ] 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

Company 

TFF Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 / s/
 Harlan Weisman 

Harlan Weisman, M.D., 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Address: 
 1751 River Run, Suite 400 

Fort Worth, Texas 76107 

Executive 

/s/ Zamaneh Mikhak 

Zamaneh Mikhak, M.D. 

Address: 
 22 Eliot Road 

Lexington, MA 02421 

zmikhak@yahoo.com 

9 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-12_tffpharma.htm
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN HARLAN WEISMAN, M.D. AND REGISTRANT

Exhibit 10.12 

TFF
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This Executive Employment
Agreement (this Agreement is entered into on March 7, 2023, to be effective as of December 5, 2022 (the Effective
Date ), by and between TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Harlan Weisman,
M.D. Executive ). 

R E C I T A L S 

WHEREAS, the Company considers
it essential to its best interests and the best interests of its stockholders to employ Executive as its President and Chief Executive
Officer during the Employment Term, as defined below; and 

WHEREAS, Executive is willing
to accept his employment on the terms hereinafter set forth in this Agreement. 

A G R E E M E N T 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Duties
and Scope of Employment . 

(a) Positions
and Duties . Company hereby employs Executive in the capacity of President and Chief Executive Officer, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as further amended from time to time Bylaws ),
and all Company policies or procedures currently in effect or subsequently implemented. Executive will render such business and professional
services in the performance of his duties as are customarily associated with Executive s positions within the Company and Executive
agrees to perform such other duties and functions as shall from time to time be reasonably assigned or delegated to Executive by the Company s
Board of Directors (the Board ). The period of Executive s employment under this Agreement is referred to herein
as the Employment Term . 

(b) Obligations .
During the Employment Term, Executive will perform his duties faithfully and to the best of his ability and will also serve, without additional
compensation, as an officer, director or manager of any subsidiary of the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive
agrees to devote his best efforts and substantially all of his business time and energy to the business and affairs of Company and its
affiliates and not to engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business or businesses, whether or not similar to that of Company,
except as herein permitted or with the consent of the Board. The foregoing notwithstanding, the parties recognize and agree that Executive
may engage in passive personal investment and charitable activities and serve on corporate boards of directors that, in any case, do not
conflict with the business and affairs of Company or interfere with Executive s performance of his duties hereunder. Those activities
listed on the attached Appendix A shall be deemed approved and participation in such activities, consistent with past practice,
shall not breach the obligations set forth in this paragraph. 

(c) Board
Membership . During the Employment Term, Executive will continue to serve as a member of the Board, subject to any required stockholder
approval, with the title Vice Chairman of the Board. Such Board membership during and after the Employment Term shall constitute continued
service for vesting purposes pursuant to the Incentive Stock Option Agreement referenced in paragraph 4 below and for purposes of the
2021 Plan (as hereinbelow defined) so that Executive s employment termination alone shall not constitute a Termination of Service
thereunder. 

2. At-Will
Employment; Severance . 

a) Executive
and the Company agree and acknowledge that Executive s employment with the Company constitutes at-will employment,
which means that either the Company or Executive may terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time and for any or
no reason, and with or without cause, subject to the terms of this Agreement. In the event that the Company terminates Executive s
employment other than for Cause, or in the event that Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, the Company agrees to the following:
(1) the Company will pay Executive twelve (12) months of his Base Salary and a pro-rata target bonus for the year of termination
and (2) Executive will continue to vest pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement referenced in paragraph 4 below during such 12-month period
irrespective of whether there is a Termination of Service (as defined in the Stock Option Agreement) during such 12-month period. The
twelve (12) months of Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. The pro-rata target
bonus shall be paid in a lump sum in the payroll period following the effective date of a separation agreement executed by Executive,
which agreement shall contain a general release of claims, but which shall not contain post-employment covenants of greater scope or duration
than those in this Agreement and which shall not release any rights to indemnification to which Executive may be entitled nor any rights
pursuant to the Stock Option Agreement. 

b) For
purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) any willful, material violation by the Executive of any law or
regulation applicable to the business of the Company; (ii) the Executive s conviction for, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a
felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, or any willful perpetration by the Executive of a common law fraud, (iii) the Executive s
commission of an act of material personal dishonesty which involves personal profit in connection with the Company or any other entity
having a business relationship with the Company, (iv) any material breach by the Executive of this Agreement or the Confidential Information
Agreement, or (v) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation
of the Company. In order to terminate Executive for Cause, the Company must give Executive written notice within sixty (60) days of the
Board s actual knowledge of the event(s) giving rise to Cause), provided, that in order to terminate Executive for Cause
pursuant to (i), (iii), (iv) or (v), the Company must also allow Executive at least fifteen (15) days from receipt of such written notice
of the event(s) giving rise to Cause to cure such event(s), if curable. 

c) For
purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Executive s
written consent: (i) a reduction in Executive s Base Salary or target bonus opportunity other than a pro-rata reduction in salary
applicable to all senior executives of the Company and so long as Executive s Base Salary is not reduced by more than ten percent
(10 in the aggregate; (ii) a material reduction in Executive s title or job duties, including responsibilities, reporting relationship,
and/or authorities; (iii) a material breach of this Agreement or any other material written agreement between Executive and the Company
by the Company Group; or (iv) requiring Executive to relocate his principal place of work more than twenty (20) miles without permitting
Executive to work remotely from home. In order to resign for Good Reason, Executive must provide written notice to the Company within
sixty (60) days of his actual knowledge of the event giving rise to Good Reason setting forth the basis for his resignation (if applicable)
and allow the Company at least fifteen (15) days from receipt of such written notice to cure such event. 

2 

3. Compensation . 

(a) Base
Salary . During the Employment Term, beginning on the Effective Date, the Company will pay Executive as compensation for his services
a base salary of 550,000 per annum, which may be increased at the Company s discretion (the Base Salary ).
The Base Salary will be paid in regular installments in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to required
withholding). The first and last payment will be adjusted, if necessary, to reflect a commencement or termination date other than the
first or last working day of a pay period. The Board will review the Executive s performance, generally on an annual basis, with
increases, if any, to the Base Salary, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

(b) Bonuses .
Executive will be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus for each calendar year, beginning with calendar year 2023, targeted at
50 of the prevailing Base Salary. The performance metrics for the calendar year 2023 bonus are set forth in Appendix B attached
hereto. The future bonus periods and related performance metrics will be determined in advance of each bonus period by the Board or its
Compensation Committee, based upon goals and objectives approved by the Board or its Compensation Committee, each as determined by the
Board or the Compensation Committee following discussion with Executive. 

4. Employee
Benefits . During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter
maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company, including, without limitation, the TFF Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and the Company s retirement, group medical, dental, vision,
disability, life insurance and flexible-spending account plans, if applicable. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the
benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. Executive acknowledges that in connection with his employment hereunder
the Company has granted Executive options under the 2021 Plan to purchase up 1,792,450 shares of the Company s 0.001 par value
common stock pursuant to a Stock Option Agreement of even date herewith. 

5. Paid
Time Off . Executive will be entitled to paid time off of twenty-five (25) days per year in accordance with the Company s prevailing
policy, with the timing and duration of specific periods mutually and reasonably agreed to by Executive and the Company. Any accrued,
unused paid time off will be paid out to Executive upon termination of employment for any reason. The Company and Executive have agreed
that Executive will be on approved vacation from March 15 to March 29, 2023. 

6. Business
Expenses . During the Employment Term, the Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses
incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance
with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 

7. Company;
Matters; Confidential Information . 

(a) Confidential
and Proprietary Information . Concurrently with or prior to the execution of this Agreement, Executive shall have signed a copy of
the Company s standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement ).
The Company agrees to provide Executive with confidential information, as defined in the Confidential Information Agreement, subsequent
to his execution of the Confidential Information Agreement. 

(b) Resignation
on Termination . On termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall immediately (and with contemporaneous effect) resign
any directorships, offices or other positions that Executive may hold in the Company or any of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise agreed
by the parties. The parties acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, upon termination of Executive s
employment for any reason other than the Company s termination for Cause he shall not be required to resign his position as Vice
Chairman of the Board. 

3 

(c) Notification
of New Employer . In the event that Executive leaves the employ of the Company, Executive grants consent to notification by the Company
to Executive s new employer about Executive s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Confidential Information
Agreement. 

(d) Return
of Company Property . Executive agrees that, at the time of leaving the employ of the Company, Executive will, after a reasonable,
good-faith search, deliver to the Company (and will not keep in Executive s possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any
and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence (including emails), specifications, drawings, blueprints,
sketches, materials, equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any aforementioned items developed by Executive pursuant
to Executive s employment with the Company or otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns. In the event Executive
discovers any Company property thereafter, he will promptly return it to the Company, and in no event will he use or disclose it for the
benefit of himself or any third party other than as expressly permitted by the Company. 

8. Assignment .
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon
Executive s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the
Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes and shall be subject to its terms. For this purpose, successor 
means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or
indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any
form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits
will be null and void, unless otherwise required by law. 

9. Notices .
All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally
by hand or by courier, mailed by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid, or sent by electronic mail directed to the party to
be notified at the address or electronic mail address indicated for such party on the signature page to this Agreement, or at such other
address or electronic mail address as such party may designate by written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and other
communications shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, three (3) days after the date of mailing, or upon confirmation of electronic
mail. 

10. Severability .
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 

11. Arbitration . 

(a) Except
as provided in subsection (b) below, the Company and Executive agree that any dispute, claim or controversy concerning his employment
or the termination of his employment or any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to any interpretation, construction,
performance or breach of this Agreement, shall be settled by arbitration to be held in New York, New York in accordance with the National
Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator may grant injunctions
or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to
the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court having jurisdiction. To the extent permitted
by law, the Company shall pay the administrative and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration, except for the first 300.00 in
administrative fees for any arbitration that is initiated by Executive, and each party shall separately pay its respective counsel fees
and expenses. Disputes which Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include, to the
extent permissible by law, any statutory claims under state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act, the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act, claims of harassment, discrimination or wrongful termination and any
statutory claims. Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have
with Executive. 

4 

(b) Any
party may also petition the court for injunctive or other equitable relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement
or the Confidential Information Agreement. In the event that either party seeks such relief, no bond shall be required, and the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys fees. Any such relief will be filed in any state or federal court
serving New York County, New York. 

(c) EXECUTIVE
HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS SECTION, WHICH DISCUSSES ARBITRATION. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, EXECUTIVE AGREES,
SUBJECT TO SECTION 11(b), TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE INTERPRETATION,
VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, PERFORMANCE, BREACH OR TERMINATION THEREOF TO BINDING ARBITRATION, AND THAT THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONSTITUTES
A WAIVER OF EXECUTIVE S RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND RELATES TO THE RESOLUTION OF ALL DISPUTES RELATING TO ALL ASPECTS OF THE EMPLOYER/EMPLOYEE
RELATIONSHIP, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS. 

12. Integration .
This Agreement, the Stock Option Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement, represents the entire agreement and understanding
between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral, including
that certain term sheet dated December 4, 2022 between the parties relating to Executive s employment hereunder. 

13. Waiver;
Amendment . No party shall be deemed to have waived any right, power or privilege under this Agreement or any provisions hereof unless
such waiver shall have been duly executed in writing and acknowledged by the party to be charged with such waiver. The failure of any
party at any time to insist on performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
provisions, nor in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall
be held to be a waiver of any other subsequent breach. This Agreement may only be amended or otherwise modified in a writing signed by
the parties hereto. 

14. Effect
of Headings . The section and subsection headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

15. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall
constitute but one instrument. 

16. Tax
Withholding . All payments made to Executive pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes. 

17. Governing
Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). 

18. Construction
of Agreement . This Agreement has been negotiated by the respective parties, and the language shall not be construed for or against
either party. 

19. Voluntary
Nature of Agreement; Legal Rights . Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by
the Company or anyone else. Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney regarding the provisions
of this Agreement and has either obtained such advice of counsel or knowingly waived the opportunity to seek such advice. Executive has
carefully read this Agreement and has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect
of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that Executive is waiving Executive s right to a jury trial. 

[ Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank ] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the parties has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

Company 

TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

By : 
 /s/ Stephen Rocamboli 

Stephen Rocamboli, 

Chairman of the Compensation 

Committee of the Board 

Executive 

/s/ Harlan Weisman 

Harlan Weisman, M.D. 

6 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex23-1_tffpharma.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249870) and Forms S-8 (Files No. 333-249364 and 333-261896)
of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_tffpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Harlan Weisman, certify that: 

(1) I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

(2) Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

(3) Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

TFF
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/
 Harlan Weisman 

Harlan
 Weisman, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_tffpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Kirk Coleman, certify that: 

(1) I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

(2) Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

(3) Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

TFF
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: March
 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s /
 Kirk Coleman 

Kirk
 Coleman, 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_tffpharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SS.1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of TFF Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Harlan Weisman, the Chief
Executive Officer, and Kirk Coleman, the Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, respectively, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 / s/
 Harlan Weisman 
 
 Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

Harlan
 Weisman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Kirk Coleman 
 
 Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

Kirk
 Coleman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not
for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 tffp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 tffp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 tffp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 tffp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 tffp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

