<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1725057_0000950170-23-005559.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30437385</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>408499</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3865532</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14978918</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3592583</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6824933</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005559.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301162527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005559
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001725057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				463231686
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38467
		FILM NUMBER:		23693972

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3311 EAST OLD SHAKOPEE ROAD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55425
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-853-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3311 EAST OLD SHAKOPEE ROAD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005559.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 cday-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the 47.08 closing price of the shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 , was million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 20, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Table o f Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 99 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 99 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 100 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 101 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 102 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 

1 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and subsidiaries Form 10-K to our company, the Company, we, us, our, and Ceridian refer to Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 We and our subsidiaries own or have the rights to various trademarks, trade names and service marks, including the following: Ceridian , Dayforce , Makes Work Life Better , Powerpay and various logos used in association with these terms. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks and copyrights referred to herein are listed without the , , and , symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that Ceridian, or the applicable owner, will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, Ceridian s or their, as applicable, rights to these trademarks, trade names, and service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 
 F ORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Form 10-K contains, or incorporates by reference, not only historical information, but also forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and that are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements other than statements of historical fact or relating to present facts or current conditions included in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, seek, plan, intend, believe, will, may, could, continue, likely, should, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events but not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national, or global political, economic, business, competitive, market, and regulatory conditions and those risks described in Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. Although we have attempted to identify important risk factors, there may be other risk factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. If any of these risks materialize, or if any of the above assumptions underlying forward-looking statements prove incorrect, actual results and developments may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. For the reasons described above, we caution against relying on any forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or to revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as may be required by law. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless specifically expressed as such, and should be viewed as historical data. 

2 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 Ceridian is a global human capital management HCM software company. Dayforce, our flagship Cloud HCM platform, provides human resources HR ), payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent intelligence functionality. In addition to Dayforce, we sell Powerpay, a Cloud HR and payroll solution for the Canadian small business market, through both direct sales and established partner channels. We also continue to support customers using our legacy North America Bureau solutions, which we generally stopped actively selling to new customers following the acquisition of Dayforce, and customers using our acquired Bureau solutions in the Asia Pacific Japan APJ region. We invest in maintenance and necessary updates to support our Bureau customers and continue to migrate them to Dayforce. Revenue from our Cloud and Bureau solutions include investment income generated from holding customer funds before funds are remitted to taxing authorities, also referred to as float revenue or float. 
 Our five strategic growth levers drive our long-term perspectives, near-term decision making and stockholder alignment: 
 Acquiring new customers in the markets where we have seen success to-date; 

Extending the Dayforce platform, thereby allowing us to deliver more value to our current and prospective customers; 

Expanding within the Enterprise segment; 

Accelerating our global expansion both by serving local customers in new geographies, and by extending our scope to service global multinational customers; and finally, 

Driving incremental value for our customers by innovating in adjacent markets around our core HCM suite, such as the Dayforce Wallet. 

Products and Services 
 Dayforce 
 Dayforce, our principal Cloud HCM platform, is a single application that provides continuous real-time calculations across all modules to enable, for example, payroll administrators access to data through the entire pay period, and managers access to real-time data to optimize work schedules. Dayforce offers a comprehensive range of functionality, including global HR, payroll and tax, workforce management, benefits, and talent intelligence on web and native iOS and Android platforms. Our Dayforce mobile app enables employees not only to request and to trade schedules, but also to see the real-time impact of schedule changes on their pay. Our Dayforce platform is used by organizations, regardless of industry or size, to optimize management of the entire employee lifecycle, including attracting, engaging, paying, deploying, and developing their people. In 2022, we received several accolades for our Dayforce solution, including being named as a Leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Cloud HCM Suites for 1,000+ Employee Enterprises for the third consecutive year; Leader in Nucleus Research s 2022 Human Capital Management Value Matrix and 2022 Workforce Management Technology Value Matrix; Leader in the Human Capital Management Enterprise Data Quadrant by SoftwareReviews; and Canadian HR Reporter s 5-Star Software and Technology Provider for 2022. 
 Human Resources 
 Dayforce Human Resources functionality provides customers with a single, complete record for all employees. Our HR functionality is centered on a comprehensive, flexible workflow engine that streamlines and automates administrative tasks. The component maintains a record of critical forms for the employee, such as signed workplace policy agreements, Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations, and direct deposit information. 
 In addition to its primary record-keeping functionality, Dayforce HR comes with an organizational management system that allows managers to view the profiles of their team members, which includes contact and time off details, as well as pay, benefits, and performance data. It is also accessible to employees, who can view the organizational chart, appropriate information about other employees in the organization, and their own pay and time details. There are several self-service options available in the product as well, such as change of address or adding a dependent, making it easy for employees to keep their profiles up to date. 
 
 3 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Payroll and Tax 
 Dayforce empowers employers to manage their global payroll needs within a single system. Through our Dayforce platform, users with localized payroll functionality are able to make updates to time and pay in real-time. Dayforce supports payroll in over 160 countries around the world, whilst providing employers with a centralized global view of their payroll data. This global payroll model is powered by a combination of Ceridian-owned and partner unified payroll engines with an automated data exchange that affords users and administrators to have a consistent, intuitive single user experience. As of December 31, 2022, native payroll was available in eight countries (United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Mauritius, and Singapore), where Dayforce s continuous calculation engine offers flexibility, accuracy, and efficiency in the payroll process. In these native markets, we also manage the movement and remittance of taxes to federal and local tax authorities on behalf of our customers. With a flexible rules-based configuration, and regional partnerships, Dayforce helps organizations with regulation and compliance concerns regardless of where employees work or live. We are continuing to innovate and expand into new markets to enhance the customer experience for large enterprises operating globally. 
 Workforce Management 
 Dayforce Workforce Management provides functionality to help organizations to equitably manage their workforces, improve operational efficiency, and enhance compliance by configuring the system to meet complex employment and working time rules and policies. Through Dayforce, users are offered time and attendance, absence management, scheduling, task management, and labor planning. A variety of options are available for organizations to capture time and attendance data such as physical clocks and the mobile app. 
 Dayforce Wallet 
 Dayforce Wallet is a digital payment solution for customers using Dayforce Payroll. A benefactor of Dayforce s continuous calculation engine, Dayforce Wallet offers employees on-demand access to their earned pay anytime, anywhere, in an intuitive mobile app experience. Rather than a plug-in or integration, Dayforce Wallet and Dayforce Payroll leverage the same underlying technology and system of record, providing real-time payroll accuracy. All on-demand payments are processed as regular pay runs and account for the appropriate taxes, deductions and garnishments in real-time, meaning there s minimal impact to payroll administrators and no change to the employer s cash flow. 
 Dayforce Wallet is designed to empower employees with greater financial flexibility and choice. The solution can be used for regular payroll, off-cycle payments, as a pay-card solution, and for on-demand pay. The Dayforce Wallet app allows employees to make any day payday by tracking their earned pay in real-time and requesting a payout of all or a portion of their earnings from the pay period. The app also allows employees to transfer funds to other financial institutions, manage and pay bills, leverage cashback rewards, and view their transaction history. As a fee-free means of bridging the gap between paydays, Dayforce Wallet offers an effective alternative to cash advances, high-interest credit cards, and payday loans, helping reduce employees financial stress and drive employee engagement. 
 Dayforce Wallet was launched in the U.S. in 2020, in Canada in 2021, and in the United Kingdom in 2022. We continue to introduce new features and enhancements (which vary by country/region) to the Dayforce Wallet, such as Dayforce Wallet Rewards, referrals, and access for workers aged 14-17 years old to use the Dayforce Wallet with parental consent. We believe these features will enhance our Dayforce Wallet consumer experience and help bring greater financial flexibility and control to even more employees through Dayforce. 
 Benefits 
 Dayforce Benefits assists users from enrollment to ongoing benefits administration, including eligibility, open enrollment and Affordable Care Act ACA management. Our proprietary Benefits Decision Support scoring system guides employees through a self-service experience, giving information about each of the available benefit plans and the impact of plan options, to help them choose the best option for their specific needs. 
 The system integrates with hundreds of benefits carriers, contains a library of qualifiers to help define eligibility rules, and leverages real-time connections to payroll and HR to inform eligibility and calculate employee deductions. In addition, we offer Benefits Intelligence, which leverages enrollment data to get visibility into elections at the plan and option levels to help administrators analyze their program. 
 
 4 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Talent Intelligence 
 Dayforce Talent Intelligence, a suite of next generation talent acquisition and talent management solutions powered by Artificial Intelligence AI and driven by data, helps organizations recruit, retain, and reskill their workforce. Talent Intelligence transforms talent management and recruitment strategies by using AI in conjunction with talent data from across the employee lifecycle to provide organizations insights that enable them to make more efficient, accurate, and fair talent decisions. Talent Intelligence can also objectively measure workforce demographics while identifying inequity in everything from payroll to promotion opportunities to help employers create actionable policy changes. Users can leverage Talent Intelligence tools for recruiting, onboarding, engagement, performance management, succession planning, compensation management, and employee career planning and skills development. 
 Powerpay 
 We offer Powerpay for Canadian organizations with fewer than 100 employees. Powerpay is a Cloud platform that provides scalable and straightforward payroll and HR solutions. Specifically designed for small businesses, Powerpay enables clients to pay their employees accurately and on-time. 
 Bureau 
 Our Bureau solutions offer payroll and payroll-related services using legacy technology and on-premise technology from our acquired businesses. We invest in maintenance and necessary updates to support our Bureau customers. We generally stopped selling our legacy North America Bureau payroll solutions to new customers in the United States in 2012, and in Canada in 2015, and we also intend to stop actively selling our acquired Bureau payroll solutions to new customers on a stand-alone basis. In addition to customers who use our payroll services, certain customers use our legacy Bureau tax filing services on a stand-alone basis; and in 2019 we started to sell stand-alone legacy Bureau tax services again as well as begin the process of modernizing the technology platforms used to provide those services. Beginning in 2023, with the technology migration complete, we will begin classifying recurring revenues from stand-alone tax customers as Dayforce revenue on a go-forward basis. 
 Customers 
 Dayforce is designed to serve organizations with 100 to over 100,000 employees. The Dayforce customer base has increased from 482 as of December 31, 2012 to 5,993 customers on the platform as of December 31, 2022. For 2022, our 5,993 Dayforce customers represented approximately 5.9 million global employees . We define a customer as a single organization, such as a company, a non-profit association, an educational institution, or government entity. We also have approximately 38,500 Powerpay customer accounts. No single customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our Cloud solutions through a direct sales force and a variety of third-party channels, organized by customer size and geography. We market Dayforce to organizations with more than 100 employees. We market Powerpay to organizations with fewer than 100 employees in Canada. The majority of our revenue growth comes from new Cloud customers. 
 Services and Support 
 We offer a broad portfolio of services aimed to ensure customer success. We believe it s important to work closely with our customers to understand their needs and deliver technology solutions and support that address them. We continue to increase our global reach in supporting and serving our customers. As part of our international strategy, we work with partners to perform services in certain geographies where we do not currently have international operations or the particular service required by our customers. 
 
 Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM 
 
 5 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Implementation and Professional Services 
 Our internal implementation team leverages proprietary onboarding technology for new customer activation and professional services work. Our internal team is supplemented by third party services partners and system integration partners SI ). Our implementation services include solution configuration and activation for new customers. Professional services include add-on implementation services for existing customers, ongoing product configuration changes when the customer does not have the resources to do it themselves, product usage consulting and a variety of additional services, such as report writing, usage audits, and process improvement. 
 Customer Support 
 Our global customer support organization provides 24/7 application support from locations across North America and in the United Kingdom, Mauritius, Australia, Singapore, Philippines, and India. Our support function is organized into teams of representatives with deep domain expertise across our platform. These teams are aligned to groups of customers based on geography, product type, and client vertical to provide a combination of deep product and industry knowledge, consistent relationships, and high availability. 
 Technology, Hosting, and Research and Development R D 
 Technology and innovation are at the core of Ceridian. Our innovation and development process is customer-driven. We work directly with customers to understand their needs and to deliver solutions that address their challenges, taking into consideration the entire user experience, without being constrained by individual modules or applications. We are committed to protecting our customer information, along with our employee and contractor information and other business data. 
 Our R D team is responsible for the design, development, and testing of our applications. We believe that our modern Cloud technology stack, agile design and development methodology, and efficient software deployment process enable us to innovate quickly in response to industry trends. We host Cloud-based applications and serve the majority of our customers from data centers operated by third party providers, primarily Microsoft Azure, AWS, VMWare Cloud on AWS, and Navisite. While we control and have access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are located in our external data centers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. Additionally, we host our internal systems through data centers that we operate and lease in the United States and APJ. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and trademarks, as well as confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements and other contractual protections, to establish and to safeguard our intellectual property rights. 
 Competition 
 The market for HCM technology solutions is highly competitive and subject to changing technology and shifting client needs. We compete with firms that provide both integrated and point solutions for HCM, as well as with local providers in each jurisdiction that we operate. Globally, we compete with legacy payroll service providers, as well as Cloud-enabled client-server HCM providers. We also face competition from modern HCM providers, whose solutions have been specifically built as single application platforms in the Cloud. In addition, we face competition from large, long-established enterprise application software vendors. 
 Competition in the global HCM market is primarily based on product and service quality, including ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, reputation, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our single application always-on technology and product innovations, combined with our commitment to service and our geographic reach, distinguishes us from our competitors. 
 
 6 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Seasonality 
 We have in the past and expect in the future to experience seasonal fluctuations in our revenues and new customer contracts with the fourth quarter historically being our strongest quarter for new customer contracts, renewals, and customer go-lives. Although the growth of our Cloud solutions and the ratable nature of our fees makes this seasonality less apparent in our overall results of operations, we expect our revenue to fluctuate quarterly and to be higher in the fourth and first quarters of each year. Fourth quarter revenue is driven by year-end processing fees and Dayforce customer go-lives; and first quarter revenue is driven by revenue earned for printing of year-end tax packages. 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG and Human Capital 
 At Ceridian, we believe that transparency and accountability are essential to any company s success. Our ESG and Human Capital approach is guided by five pillars: Governance and Trust; Our People; Tech for Good; Our Communities; and the Environment. 
 Governance and Trust 
 We safeguard the trust given to us by our partners, our customers, and their employees. That means upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and ethics, ensuring customer data is protected, and developing products that are reliable and effective. 
 Our People 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 8,526 employees, including 4,436 in North America, 2,547 in APJ, and 1,543 in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa EMEA ). We provide a wide range of compensation and benefits to our employees which enhance the workplace experience and drive our Makes Work Life Better brand. In addition to salaries, these benefits (which vary by country/region) include annual bonuses, equity awards, a global employee stock purchase program, retirement savings plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, fertility and family building benefits, health savings and flexible savings spending accounts, unlimited time away from work, parental leave, flexible and remote work options, employee assistance programs, and tuition reimbursement. 
 Promoting diversity, equity and inclusion DEI within our workforce is also a priority for Ceridian. We have a company-wide employee Global Diversity Advisory Council, and we provide funding to our nine inclusive-building employee resource YOUnity groups. In 2022, we also launched a new Achieving Corporate Equity program that empowers high-potential talent from underrepresented or underserved communities to rise within our organization. As of December 31, 2022, women represent approximately 49 of our global workforce, including approximately 44 of employees in manager-level roles and above, and approximately 38 in vice president-level roles and above. At Ceridian, in the United States, approximately 12 of our workforce is Black or African American, 15 is Asian, 6 is Hispanic or Latino, 2 is multiracial, less than 1 is Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, and approximately 62 is White. In the United States, people of color represent approximately 26 of employees in manager-level roles and above, and approximately 28 of employees in vice president-level roles and above. 
 The health, safety, and wellbeing of our employees is of paramount importance to us. In 2022, we hosted our first-ever global Mental Health Summit and offered two paid wellness days to all employees. We also expanded access to a platform that provides digital and in-person solutions that help support overall wellbeing to all employees. We developed a new emergency communications system to ensure connectivity and support for our employees both during and after natural disasters and other dangerous events. We ensure that all necessary policies and procedures are in place at our facilities to protect employee health and safety, which includes those for vaccination, testing, masking, and physical distancing that conform to COVID-19 government requirements. 
 We are committed to providing meaningful learning and leadership development opportunities to our workforce. In 2022, nearly 200,000 hours of in-person trainings, digital learning, and webinars related to leadership and learning development topics were completed by over 95 of our employees. We also continued the global expansion of our professional skills curriculum courses for all employees and leadership development programming. 
 
 7 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Tech for Good 
 We believe that Tech for Good and responsible innovation can have a positive impact on all stakeholders. In 2022, we published our AI Ethics Principles, which will inform our management philosophy, guide our approach to product development, and provide our customers and partners with a framework that enables feedback and reflects our commitment to trust. Our Dayforce Wallet product provides individuals with on-demand access to their earned pay, which enables them to better cover both everyday expenses as well as urgent or unplanned costs. Our Dayforce Engagement product s Inclusivity Survey provides organizations with actionable inclusivity data to ensure their efforts to make progress on DEI are successful. 
 Our Communities 
 We are committed to giving back to the communities in which we live and work. Through our employee-led charity, Ceridian Cares, we provide financial support to individuals and families struggling with basic needs and quality of life. In 2022, the organization granted over 1 million to people in need across the United States and Canada, reaching the exciting milestone of over 5 million in grants given to over 3,500 people since inception. Additionally, Ceridian and our employees donated a combined total of nearly 1 million to the Ceridian Cares Foundation and hundreds of other nonprofits around the world in 2022. We supported over 700 non-profits globally and contributed more than 5,000 volunteer hours to projects on five continents. 
 Environment 
 We are actively working to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. This includes our ongoing efforts to consolidate our physical footprint globally to meet the needs of an increasingly virtual-first era. 
 We encourage you to review our Ceridian ESG Report for more detailed information which can be found on our website at https://www.ceridian.com/company/corporate/corporateresponsibility . In addition, past ESG reports, our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index, SASB Index, consolidated EEO-1 report, and ESG-related policies and principles can be found here. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and is not considered part of, this Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements, Section 16 reports, and amendments to reports and any registration statements filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge at http://investors.ceridian.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and are also available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 Our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our second amended and restated bylaws, charters of our Acquisition and Finance, Audit, Compensation, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees of our Board of Directors (our Board ), our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Code of Conduct, as well as any waivers from and amendments to our Code of Conduct are available on our website at https://investors.ceridian.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents . Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and is not considered part of, this Form 10-K. 
 
 8 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Executiv e Officers 
 Our executive officers as of March 1, 2023 are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

David D. Ossip 
 
 56 
 
 Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Leagh E. Turner 
 
 51 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Christopher R. Armstrong 
 
 54 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Noe mie C. Heuland 
 
 45 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Stephen H. Holdridge 
 
 62 
 
 President, Customer and Revenue Operations 

Jeffrey S. Jacobs 
 
 47 
 
 Head of Accounting and Financial Reporting 

Joseph B. Korngiebel 
 
 52 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Technology Officer 

William E. McDonald 
 
 58 
 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

David D. Ossip 
 Mr. Ossip is our Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ossip has held the position of Chair since August 2015 and Co-Chief Executive Officer since February 2022. Mr. Ossip has served as Chief Executive Officer from July 2013 until February 2022. Mr. Ossip joined the Company following the Company s acquisition of Dayforce Corporation in 2012, where he held the position of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ossip serves as a director of Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp. III, a NASDAQ listed special acquisition company. Mr. Ossip previously served as a director for Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp, a NYSE listed company, and Dragoneer Growth Opportunities Corp II, a NASDAQ listed company. 
 Leagh E. Turner 
 Ms. Turner is our Co-Chief Executive Officer since February 2022 and has been a member of our Board of Directors since February 2022. Ms. Turner joined Ceridian in 2018, serving as President from August 2018 until February 2022 and Chief Operating Officer from February 2020 until February 2022. Prior to joining Ceridian, Ms. Turner held the position of global Chief Operating Officer, strategic customer program of SAP, an enterprise software and programming company, from October 2016 to August 2018. Ms. Turner is a member of the board of directors for Manulife Financial Corporation, a NYSE listed company. 
 Christopher R. Armstrong 
 Mr. Armstrong is our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, a position he has held since February 2022. Mr. Armstrong joined Ceridian in 2004, and since then has held several commercial and operational leadership roles, including Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer from February 2020 until February 2022, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer from May 2019 until February 2020, Executive Vice President, Operations from March 2018 until May 2019, and Executive Vice President, Customer Support from April 2016 until March 2018. 
 Noe mie C. Heuland 
 Ms. Heuland is our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, positions she has held since October 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Heuland held the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SAP Latin America and Caribbean region since April 2018. In addition, Ms. Heuland held the positions of Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of SAP Latin America and Caribbean North and South from April 2015 to March 2018. Ms. Heuland is a certified public accountant. 
 Stephen H. Holdridge 
 Mr. Holdridge is our President, Customer and Revenue Operations since February 2023. Mr. Holdridge joined Ceridian in January 2020, serving as Global Head of Services until February 2022 and Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer from February 2022 until February 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Holdridge held the position of Senior Executive Vice President, Worldwide Services at MicroStrategy, Inc. from November 2017 until July 2019. 
 
 9 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Jeffrey S. Jacobs 
 Mr. Jacobs is our Head of Accounting and Financial Reporting and serves as the principal accounting officer, positions he has held since May 2020. Mr. Jacobs served as our Vice President, Finance from December 2016 until May 2020. Mr. Jacobs is a certified public accountant (inactive). 
 Joseph B. Korngiebel 
 Mr. Korngiebel is our Executive Vice President, Chief Product and Technology Officer, positions he has held since August 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Korngiebel held various positions at Workday, Inc. since March 2006, including Chief Technology Officer from May 2017 until July 2020. 
 William E. McDonald 
 Mr. McDonald is our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, positions he has held since July 2021, and Corporate Secretary, a position he has held since February 2016. Mr. McDonald served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel from February 2016 until July 2021. 
 
 10 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. R isk Factors. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our business ordinarily encounters and addresses risks, some of which can cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our business and are important to its understanding. The following information includes a number of forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Revenues from our Cloud solutions have grown substantially over the last few years, and we believe a significant portion of our market valuation is based upon maintaining our high Cloud solutions growth rate. Our efforts to continue increasing use of our Cloud solutions may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. 
 Our ability to continue to grow the revenues from our Cloud solutions through execution against our growth levers depends on the quality of our platform and solutions, and our ability to design our Cloud solutions to meet consumer demand; and our ability to increase sales from existing customers depends on our customers satisfaction with our product and need for additional solutions. Our participation in new markets for native payroll, sales to our existing base of customers, and application expansion in various modules and features, including the Dayforce Wallet, is relatively new, and it is uncertain whether these areas will ever result in significant revenues for us. Further, the entry into new markets, sales to our existing base of customers, or the introduction of new features, functionality, or applications beyond our current markets and functionality may not be successful. 
 The success of our growth strategies will depend upon our ability to anticipate and to adapt to changes in technology and industry standards, and to effectively develop, to introduce, to market, and to gain broad acceptance of new product and service offerings and enhancements incorporating the latest technological advancements. We may not be able to successfully provide new or enhanced functionality and features for our existing solutions that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments. 
 We believe a significant portion of our market valuation is based upon our high Cloud revenue growth rate, and if we are unable to sell our Cloud solutions, including the Dayforce Wallet, into new markets or to further penetrate existing markets, or to increase sales from existing customers, or we have failures in new product functionalities, our revenue may not grow as expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our market valuation, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If the movement of funds to initiate payroll-related transactions on behalf of our customers is disrupted, we may suffer significant losses which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our payroll and tax processing services involve the movement of significant funds from the account of a customer to its employees and to relevant taxing authorities. Typically, we rely upon third party vendors to initiate payments on behalf of our customers. These payments are made in a large number of jurisdictions, in great volume and in short time windows, all of which raise the possibility of an error that disrupts the movement of funds. Further, these types of transactions are subject to an increasingly complex series of regulations and laws that we, and/or our third-party vendors must comply with. Failure to comply with these regulations and laws could result in consequences up to and including a regulator enjoining us and/or our third-party vendors from engaging in the movement of funds. In addition, as described elsewhere, the systems on which these payroll-related transactions are based are in some cases antiquated or manual or may be subject to processing and/or technological errors in communicating with third-party technology systems. Any disruption or delay to data flow in these critical time periods could lead to the disruption of fund movement. Any disruption of fund movement could have significant consequences, including defaults under our customer agreements and exposure to monetary damages, in addition to reputational harm, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 11 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our aging software infrastructure, technology, and sophistication of these systems, and our migration to new platforms, has and will continue to lead to increased costs, vulnerability to cyber-attack, or disruptions in operations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, market brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technology, including technology infrastructure assets. These systems and technologies must be refined, updated and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis in order for us to meet both our customers and employees demands and expectations. Some of the crucial platforms on which we host our back office and bureau systems are aged and need to be replaced or are in the process of being replaced. Some of our customer instances have, and in the future will be, migrated to public Cloud environments. These technological changes are expensive and have and will continue to impact our profitability and demand attention from our senior leadership. If we are unable to replace our aged, crucial platforms, if some or all these platforms fail to operate due to a software error or infrastructure failure, if we fail to continue to refine and update our systems and technologies on a timely basis or within reasonable cost parameters, if we do not appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, if we fail to migrate to new systems in a manner free from disruption, if the new systems fail to perform as desired, or if we are unable to appropriately protect any of these systems, we could suffer the loss of data, vulnerabilities to cyber-attack, system outages or other performance problems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 An information security breach of our systems or the loss of, or unauthorized access to, customer information or sensitive company information; the failure to comply with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission s FTC ongoing consent order regarding data protection; or a system disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, market brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on our payroll, transaction, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. We rely on these systems, which are maintained both internally and externally at third parties, to process, on a daily and time sensitive basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We, both through our internal systems and systems maintained by third parties, electronically receive, process, store, and transmit data and personal information about our customers and their employees, as well as our vendors and other business partners. We keep this information confidential. However, both our internal and third-party partners websites, networks, applications and technologies, and other information systems may be targeted by malevolent parties for sabotage, disruption, ramson, or data misappropriation. Further, as we grow by acquisition, these risks become acute in the period following the acquisition, as we set about integrating the acquisition target s systems into ours. Additionally, as we retire our legacy products like our bureau payroll services or sunset certain acquired products, we are decreasing investments in maintaining those systems which creates the potential for a potential security breach of one of those systems. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and other customer and individual and company information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. We, and our third party providers, maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data and maintain business continuity, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion, cyber-attacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. Any information security breach in our business processes or of our processing systems (whether they are maintained internally or externally at third parties) has the potential to impact our customer information and sensitive company information, including our financial reporting capabilities, which could result in the potential loss of business and our ability to accurately report financial results. If any of these systems fail to operate properly or become disabled even for a brief period of time, we could potentially miss a critical filing period, resulting in potential fees and penalties, or lose control of customer data, all of which could result in financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to customers, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. 
 We are subject to a twenty-year consent order with the FTC that became final in June 2011 stemming from a December 2009 criminal hack into our discontinued U.S. payroll application. We conceded no wrongdoing in the order and we were not subject to any monetary fines or penalties. However, in connection with the order, we are required to, among other things, maintain a comprehensive information security program that is reasonable and appropriate for our size and complexity, and for the type of personal information we collect. We are also required to have portions of our security program, which apply to certain segments of our U.S. business, reviewed by an independent third party on a biennial basis. Maintaining, updating, monitoring, and revising an information security program in an effort to ensure that it remains reasonable and appropriate in light of changes in security threats, changes in technology, and security vulnerabilities that arise from legacy systems is time-consuming and complex, and is an ongoing effort. 
 
 12 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 While we have taken and continue to take steps to ensure compliance with the consent order, if we are determined not to be in compliance with the consent order, or if any new breaches of security occur, the FTC may take enforcement actions or other parties may initiate a lawsuit. Any such resulting fines and penalties could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial results, and any reputational damage therefrom could adversely affect our relationships with our existing customers and our ability to attain new customers. Insurance may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our insurance policies may not cover all claims made against us, and defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, could be costly, divert management s attention, or damage our reputation. 
 Our solutions and our business are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those regarding privacy, data protection, and information security. Any failure by us or our third party service providers, as well as the failure of our services, to comply with these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, and information security laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. These laws, which are not uniform, govern the collection, storage, hosting, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), use, disclosure, security, retention, and destruction of personal information; they require us to give notice to individuals of privacy practices; give individuals certain access and correction rights with respect to their personal information; and regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), the California Consumer Protection Act (the CCPA and its successor, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), are among the most comprehensive of these laws. The number of related laws and regulations we are subject to continue to increase as we enter new markets in Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America, and as we continue our entry into the consumer space through our Dayforce Wallet product. Restrictions on transfers of personal information from one geography to another continue to evolve. Complying with these laws and requirements, has resulted in significant costs to our business and may continue to require us to amend certain of our business practices. Further, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a material adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. Restrictions on cross border data flows and data residency requirements may negatively impact our clients and our own ability to transfer personal information to the United States and other countries as part of our provision of services, and in support of our own operations, potentially impacting revenues. In addition, data security events and concerns about privacy abuses by other companies are changing consumer and social expectations for enhanced privacy and data protection. As a result, even the perception of noncompliance, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation. Finally, our ability to produce data-driven insights for our customers as we begin to leverage artificial intelligence (AI) in our HCM technology may be constrained by current and future privacy and ethics regulatory requirements, thereby restricting our ability to use data in innovative ways. 
 Our business plan is focused on an aggressive growth strategy. If we fail to manage our growth effectively or if our strategy is not successful, we may be unable to execute our business plan, to maintain high levels of service, or to adequately address competitive challenges. 
 We have and we believe we will continue to experience a period of rapid growth in our operations and Cloud solutions. The growth of our operations and Cloud solutions has and may continue to place a strain on our management, administrative, operational, technological, and financial infrastructure. In order to manage our growth effectively, we will need to continuously improve our operational, financial, technological, and management systems, and our internal controls, reporting systems, and procedures to scaled global capabilities which may require investment as we grow and could result in disruption as we transform. Our attempts to develop new or enhanced functionality to our services, whether as part of our anticipated development road map or in response to enhancement requests we have committed to our customers, has been, and will continue to be expensive and impact our profitability. Failure to effectively manage growth or to achieve a profitable growth strategy could result in problems or delays in implementing customers, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, decreased profitability on new customer deals, increases in costs, complications or delays in introducing new features or fixing or updating our existing technology and infrastructure, or other operational challenges; and any of these difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 13 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and competition could intensify in the future. We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include: breadth and depth of product functionality, scalability and reliability of applications, robust workforce management, comprehensive tax services, modern and innovative Cloud technology platforms combined with an intuitive user experience, multi-country and jurisdiction domain expertise in payroll and HCM, quality of implementation and customer service, integration with a wide variety of third party applications and systems, total cost of ownership and return on investment, brand awareness, and reputation, pricing and distribution. 
 We face a variety of competitors, some of which are long-established providers of HCM solutions. Many of our current and potential competitors are larger, have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources than we do, and are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products and services. Some of our competitors do or could offer HCM solutions bundled as part of a larger product offering. Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or to withstand substantial price competition. In addition, many of our competitors have established marketing relationships, access to larger customer bases, and major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators, and resellers. Our competitors have and may continue to establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their product offerings or resources. Although we have a global partnership strategy, additional investment and efforts will be necessary to fully implement and scale such a strategy. 
 If our competitors products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our applications are today, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, some of our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price compared to our products or their current pricing impacting our ability to achieve our target pricing. If we are unable to achieve our target pricing levels or if we experience significant pricing pressures, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our international growth strategy has and will continue to expose us to risks inherent in international sales and operations. 
 We have and will continue to expand our operations and sales into new international markets. Our expanding international operations are subject to risks that could adversely affect those operations or our business as a whole, including but not limited to the costs of establishing a market presence, localizing product and service offerings for foreign customers, difficulties in managing and staffing international operations, and increased expenses related to introducing corporate policies and controls in our international operations and increased reliance on partners to provide services in additional geographies. Further, the expansion of our product offering into new international markets has and will continue to result in an expansion of our monitoring of local laws and regulations, which increases our costs as well as the risk of the product not incorporating in a timely fashion or at all the necessary changes to enable a customer to be compliant with such laws, or in manual workarounds that are prone to errors. 
 Moreover, as part of our international strategy, we work with partners to perform services in certain geographies where we do not currently have international operations or the particular service required by our customers. As a result, we may experience business impact if our partners do not carry out the services as committed, or at a quality level that our customers demand, including potential for reduced margin from additional expense or impact to customer relationships. 
 Our international growth strategy has and may continue to include growth via acquisition. Our growth following an acquisition may also be dependent on our ability to transition acquired customers from current and legacy products to Dayforce, migrate and integrate acquired technologies or to increase sales by addressing broader HCM needs with additional modules of Dayforce. 
 If we are unable to provide the required services on a multinational basis, or if we are unable to effectively manage our international expansion, we could be subject to negative customer experiences, harm to our reputation or loss of customers, claims for any fines, penalties or other damages suffered by our customer, and other financial harm, including fines, penalties, or other damages suffered by us directly, which would negatively impact revenue and earnings. Although we have a multinational strategy, additional investment and efforts may be necessary to implement such strategy. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. 
 
 14 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Customers depend on our solutions to assist them to comply with applicable laws, which requires us and our third party providers to constantly monitor applicable laws and to make applicable changes to our solutions. If our solutions have not been updated to enable the customer to comply with applicable laws or we fail to update our solutions on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Customers use our solutions to assist them to comply with payroll, HR, and other applicable laws for which the solutions are intended for use. We and our third party providers must monitor all applicable laws and as such laws expand, evolve, or are amended in any way, and when new regulations or laws are implemented, we may be required to modify our solutions to assist our customers to comply with such new regulations or laws, which requires an investment of our time and resources. We are also reliant on our third party providers to modify the solutions that they provide to our customers as part of our solutions to comply with changes to such laws and regulations. The number of laws and regulations that we are required to monitor has and will continue to increase as we expand both the geographic regions in which the solutions are offered and the types of products we offer to customers. These risks have become exacerbated as we expand by acquisition and are most acute in the period following the acquisition as we integrate the acquired business and its systems. In the event our solutions fail to assist a customer to comply with applicable laws, we are subject to negative customer experiences, harm to our reputation or loss of customers, claims for any fines, penalties or other damages suffered by our customer, and other financial harm, including fines, penalties, or other damages suffered by us directly. 
 If our current or future applications fail to perform properly, our reputation could be adversely affected, our market share could decline, and we could be subject to liability claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our applications are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors that we are not yet aware of. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and manage, it is possible that failures or errors in our systems could result in data loss or corruption or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or to contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant. Any defects in functionality or that cause interruptions in the availability of our applications could result in reputational, competitive, operational, or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the costs incurred in correcting any material defects or errors might be substantial. While we conduct standard due diligence during our acquisition process, these risks are heightened as we grow by acquisition and dedicate resources to integrating the acquisition target s systems into ours and take on the vulnerabilities that may exist at the acquisition target. 
 If we fail to manage our technical operations infrastructure, our existing customers may experience service outages, and our new customers may experience delays in the implementation of our applications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience significant growth in the number of users, transactions, and data that our operations infrastructure supports, including the acquisition of new systems via strategic transactions. We seek to maintain sufficient excess capacity in our operations infrastructure to meet the needs of all of our customers and to facilitate the rapid provision of new customer activations and the expansion of existing customer activations. In addition, we need to continue to properly manage our technological operations infrastructure to support version control, changes in hardware and software parameters, and the evolution of our applications. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages, and other performance problems. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, increased resource consumption from expansion or modification to our Dayforce code, spikes in customer usage, denial of service issues and Cloud interruptions run by third party service providers and our ability to react. The risks of these problems occurring may be exacerbated by our strategic acquisitions, especially in the period following the acquisition as we integrate the acquisition target s systems into ours, as well as our aging technology infrastructure which in some cases is supported by older platforms. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements, our existing customers may experience service outages that may subject them to financial penalties, causing us to incur financial liabilities and customer losses; and our operations infrastructure may fail to keep pace with increased sales, causing new customers to experience delays as we seek to obtain additional capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 15 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties who provide us with services and license us software for use in or with both our applications and our internal operations. 
 In order to maintain and grow our business, we do, and we anticipate that we will continue to, depend on the continuation and expansion of relationships with third parties who provide us with services. These service provider partners include connected payroll partners, implementation partners, systems integrators, third party sales channel partners, the operators of data centers, and banks and other providers who execute wire transfers and other money movement services to support our customer payroll and tax services. Our agreements with these third party service providers are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors. If any third-party service providers on which we rely to provide us with services experience a disruption, go out of business, are acquired by our competitors, experience a decline in quality, or terminate their relationship with us, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 In addition, we license software from third parties for use in or with both our applications and our internal operations, and the inability to maintain these licenses could result in increased costs, or reduced service levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. To the extent that our applications depend upon the successful operation of third party software in conjunction with our software, any undetected errors or defects in this third party software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our applications, delay new application introductions, and result in a failure of our applications, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Any failure to offer high-quality technical support services may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Once our applications are deployed, our customers depend on our support organization and the support capabilities of our partners to resolve technical issues relating to our applications, as well as our partner s applications. We have recently engaged in a rebalancing of our global workforce that particularly impacted our support organization, which may result in disruption as we fill existing positions in our APJ geographies. We or our partners may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services, and we may be limited in our ability to resolve the technical issues our customers have with our technology, or our partner s technology. We or our partners also may be unable to modify the format of our or our partners support services to compete with changes in support services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Ultimately, a client could elect to terminate their agreement due to dissatisfaction with support, resulting in lost recurring revenue. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to sell our applications to existing and prospective customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our customers are not satisfied with the implementation and professional services provided by us or our partners, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on the ability to implement our solutions on a timely, accurate, and cost-efficient basis and to provide professional services at the high level demanded by our customers. Implementation and other professional services may be performed by our own staff, by a third party, or by a combination of the two. If a customer is not satisfied with the timely access or the quality of work performed, then we could incur in loss of revenue or additional costs to address the situation, the customer s dissatisfaction with such services could damage our ability to expand the number of applications subscribed to by that customer or we could be liable for loss or damage suffered as a result, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If a new customer is dissatisfied with implementation, the customer could refuse to go-live, which could result in a delay in our collection of fees or could result in a customer seeking repayment of its implementation fees or suing us for damages or could force us to enforce the termination provisions in our customer contracts in order to collect revenue. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may affect our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 16 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We depend on our senior management team, and the loss of one or more key employees or an inability to attract and to retain highly skilled employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our senior management team. Our executive officers, senior management or other key personnel have limited or no notice period applicable to their employment. Therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Additionally, we do not maintain key employee insurance on any of our executive officers, senior management, or key employees. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, senior management, or key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for talent is intense and has become more intense in recent years, including without limitation for individuals with high levels of experience in designing and developing software and Internet-related services and senior sales executives. We have, from time to time, experienced the need to increase compensation for current and prospective employees to retain and recruit employees of the desired qualifications which impacts our ability to profitably operate our business. In addition, we have and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, the cumulative loss of which could raise the risk of failures to operate our business to the quality needed and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our vendors or affiliates initiate payroll-related transactions on behalf of our customers and do not receive funds from the customer sufficient to cover the amounts paid on their behalf, we may suffer significant losses which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Under certain circumstances, funds may not be received from our customers to cover the transactions that our affiliates and third party vendors have initiated on our customers behalf. Additionally, there is a risk that an erroneous payment instruction may trigger inaccurate payments. There is, therefore, a risk that the customer s funds will be insufficient to cover the amounts already paid on its behalf. Should customers default on their payment obligations in the future, should our affiliates or vendors make erroneous payments on behalf of a customer, should erroneous or defaulted payment recovery be unsuccessful, or should our affiliates or vendors suffer losses from similar issues, we may be required to advance substantial amounts of funds to cover such obligations, or to make our partners whole for any losses they suffer. In such an event, we may be required to seek additional sources of short-term liquidity, which may not be available on reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, should a customer on whose behalf our affiliate or vendor has initiated a transaction subsequently have financial difficulty or refuse to pay, collection of any funds advanced on its behalf may be difficult and we may suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. 
 Regulatory requirements placed on our software and services could impose increased costs on us, delay or prevent our introduction of new products and services, and impair the function or value of our existing products and services. 
 Our products and services are subject to increasing regulatory requirements, and as these requirements proliferate, we are required to change or adapt to comply. Changing regulatory requirements might render our services obsolete or might block us from developing new products and services. This might in turn impose additional costs upon us to comply or to further develop our products and services. Changing regulatory requirements can make introduction of new services more costly or more time-consuming than we currently anticipate and could even prevent introduction by us of new services or cause the continuation of our existing services to become more costly. 
 Federal, state, or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. Future changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our applications in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations may begin to impose taxes, fees, or other charges for accessing the Internet or commerce conducted via the Internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of Internet-related commerce or communications generally, resulting in reductions in the demand for Internet-based applications such as ours, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 17 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 For our Dayforce Wallet service, we advance earned net wages and associated tax amounts on behalf of customers in connection with the on demand pay payroll feature of the service in order to provide their employees access to earned wages in advance of their standard payroll cycles. A customer may fail to satisfy its obligation to repay us for those advanced monies which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In the case of our on demand pay service (a service that is offered as part of the Dayforce Wallet), credit is provided to our customers and funds are advanced on the customers behalf in order to fund the customers employees interim earned net wage payroll demands (including associated source and other deductions) with the requirement that the customers will repay the advance on the date of their next ordinary payroll run. These advances may or may not have priority over other creditors of our customers, and our other credit protection measures, if implemented, may be inadequate to make us whole. There is, therefore, a risk that our customers do not pay back the amounts we have already paid on their behalf, and in that event, we may possess limited legal recourse to recoup those funds from our customers. In the event of a customer s failure to repay us, we may be required to seek additional sources of short-term liquidity, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or suffer credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Customer funds and wage funds of their employees that our trustees and third-party financial institution partners hold are subject to market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks. The loss of these funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our trustees (in the case of customer funds held in our U.S. Employer Funds Trust and our Ceridian Canada Payroll Trust) and our third party financial institution partners (in the case of employee wage funds held on their behalf as part of the U.S. Dayforce Wallet program and certain of our non-U.S. operations) may invest funds in one or more high-quality bank deposits, money market mutual funds, commercial paper, collateralized short-term investments, government securities, as well as highly rated asset-backed, mortgage-backed, municipal, corporate, and bank securities. These assets are subject to varying degrees of general market, interest rate, credit, and liquidity risks. These risks may be exacerbated, individually or in unison, during periods of unusual financial market volatility. We are required to fund the payroll and wage funds of our customers and their employees regardless of any loss realized on those investments affecting the principal funds held. In the event of a global financial crisis, such as that experienced in 2008, we could be faced with a severe constriction of the availability of liquidity, which could impact our ability to fund payrolls. Any loss of principal, or inability to access customer funds could have an adverse impact on our cash position and results of operations and could require us to obtain additional sources of liquidity, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional indebtedness or dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have, and we may in the future seek to acquire or to invest in businesses, applications, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our applications, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. In addition, we have limited experience in acquiring other businesses. If we acquire additional businesses, we may incur significant costs to integrate such businesses. Further, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations, and technologies successfully or profitably, or to effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. If an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In order to fund acquisitions, we may issue dilutive equity securities or incur additional debt, resulting in an increase in our interest payments. 
 A significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to record charges based on this impairment assessment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 18 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and similar laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. 
 Regulators worldwide are exercising heightened scrutiny with respect to anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Such heightened scrutiny has resulted in more aggressive investigations and enforcement of such laws and more burdensome regulations, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. We are growing our business throughout the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Such laws generally prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign government officials and leaders of political parties, and in some cases, to other persons, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations, among others. In addition, some of our businesses and entities in the U.S. and a number of other countries in which we operate are and will continue to be subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations. These laws require us to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. These laws and regulations include the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2000 (the BSA ), that requires banks and money services businesses, among others, to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records 
 We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants, or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions or anti-money laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. Further, bank regulators, including the Office of Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), which now regulates Ceridian National Trust Bank, continue to impose additional and stricter requirements on banks to ensure they are meeting their BSA obligations, and banks are increasingly viewing money services businesses, as a class, to be higher risk customers for money laundering. As a result, our banking partners that assist in processing our money movement transactions may limit the scope of services they provide to us or may impose additional material requirements on us. Further, bank regulators, including the OCC, may increase regulatory investigations or governmental oversight to ensure we are meeting our BSA obligations. These regulatory restrictions on banks and changes to banks internal risk-based policies and procedures may result in a decrease in the number of banks that may do business with us, may require us to materially change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business, may decrease our revenues and earnings and could have a material adverse effect on our results or financial condition. 
 We may not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards due to prior period losses, which, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2031 and 2023 for federal and state purposes, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes in any taxable year may be limited if we experience an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of our stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Future issuances of our stock could cause an ownership change. It is possible that an ownership change could have a material effect on our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 19 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Litigation and regulatory investigations aimed at us or resulting from actions of our predecessor may result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation. 
 We face risk of litigation, regulatory investigations, and similar actions in the ordinary course of our business, including the risk of lawsuits and other legal actions relating to breaches of contractual obligations, tortious claims, employment and labor law matters, securities law claims, or claims related to erroneous transactions or breach of data privacy laws from customers, stockholders, employees or other third parties which could result in fines, penalties, interest, or other damages. In particular, our clients have sought to pursue indemnification claims against us where they have been subject to wage compliance claims. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, which might materially harm our business, overall financial condition, and operating results. We may also be subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, and book and records examinations, from regulators and other authorities in the geographic markets in which we operate. A substantial liability arising from a lawsuit judgment or settlement or a significant regulatory action against us or a disruption in our business arising from adverse adjudications in proceedings against our directors, officers, or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results or operations. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby harming our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to lower their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the trading price of our stock or potentially result in a lawsuit related to the reduced trading price of our stock. 
 Additionally, we are subject to claims and investigations as a result of our predecessor, Control Data Corporation CDC ), Ceridian Corporation, and other former entities for whom we are successor-in-interest with respect to assumed liabilities. For example, in September 1989, CDC became party to an environmental matters agreement with Seagate Technology plc Seagate related to groundwater contamination on a parcel of real estate in Omaha, Nebraska sold by CDC to Seagate. In February 1988, CDC entered into an arrangement with Northern Engraving Corporation and the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency in relation to groundwater contamination at a site in Spring Grove, Minnesota. In 2021 and 2022, we have been subject to asbestos related claims for former CDC employees. Although we are fully reserved for these groundwater contamination liabilities, and partially insured for the asbestos claims, we cannot be certain if additional claims, investigations, or liabilities related to such predecessor companies will surface. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property. We primarily rely on copyright, trade secret, and trademark laws; trade secret protection; and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be ineffective or inadequate. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we have and will likely be required to continue to spend significant resources to monitor and to protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and to enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management, with no guarantee of success, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, to protect, and to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third parties, including our competitors, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our service offerings and may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. We may be found to be infringing upon such rights, even if we are unaware of their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us or if we decide to settle, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, obtain licenses, modify applications, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers, vendors, or partners in connection with any such claim or litigation. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time consuming. 
 
 20 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The use of open source software in our applications may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property rights. 
 Some of our applications include software covered by open source licenses. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate such software into their products or applications. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our applications. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, to re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, or otherwise to be limited in the licensing of our technologies, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies and services. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The implementation of new accounting systems or applications could interfere with our business and operations. 
 The implementation of new systems and enhancements may be disruptive to our business and can be time-consuming and divert management s attention. Any disruptions relating to our systems or any problems with implementation, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations or our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, could materially and adversely affect our business and operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our outstanding indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to operate our business, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations. 
 Our obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are secured by first priority security interests in substantially all of our assets and the domestic subsidiary guarantors, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions. Our outstanding indebtedness and any additional indebtedness we incur may have important consequences for us, including, without limitation, that: 
 we may be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay the principal of and interest on our indebtedness; 

our indebtedness and leverage may increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressures; 

our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and for general corporate and other purposes may be limited; 

our indebtedness may expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including and most significantly our borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facility, are at variable rates of interest; and 

our indebtedness may prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise or successfully carrying out our plans to expand our business. 

Under the terms of the agreements governing our debt facilities, we are required to comply with specified operating covenants and, under certain circumstances, a financial covenant applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility, which may limit our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might operate it. If not cured, an event of default under our Senior Secured Credit Facility could result in any amounts outstanding, including any accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable, which would require us, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, to sell selected assets, and/or to reduce or to delay planned capital or operating expenditures. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt, and any such financing or refinancing might not be available on economically favorable terms or at all. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations or are forced to take additional measures to be able to service our indebtedness, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 21 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Aspects of the Capped Calls may not operate as planned and may affect the value of the Convertible Senior Notes and our common stock, and we are subject to counterparty credit risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into the Capped Calls. Please refer to Note 9, Debt for additional information. The Capped Calls are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any potential cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The Capped Calls are complex transactions that are not part of the terms of the Convertible Senior Notes, and may not operate as planned. If the Capped Calls do not operate as we intend, it may have an effect on the price of the Convertible Senior Notes or our common stock. 
 The option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes, any repurchase of the Convertible Senior Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date, any redemption date, or any other date on which the Convertible Senior Notes are retired by us, in each case if we exercise our option to terminate the relevant portion of the Capped Calls. This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Convertible Senior Notes, which could affect the ability of a noteholder to convert the Convertible Senior Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Senior Notes, could affect the number of shares of common stock, if any, and value of the consideration that a noteholder will receive upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. If any such Capped Call fails to become effective, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may unwind their hedge positions with respect to our common stock, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the value of the Convertible Senior Notes. The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that they might default under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated with increases in the market price or the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. 
 Risks associated with the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes issued under the Indenture may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Under certain circumstances, noteholders may convert their Convertible Senior Notes at their option prior to the scheduled maturities. Upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes, we will be obligated to make cash payments in an amount no less than the principal amount being converted, and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount will be settled, at the Company s election, in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. In addition, noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Convertible Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the fundamental change repurchase date (as defined in the Indenture). There is a risk that we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Convertible Senior Notes surrendered therefor or Convertible Senior Notes being converted. Our failure to repurchase Convertible Senior Notes when the Indenture requires the repurchase or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the Convertible Senior Notes as required by the Indenture would constitute a default under the Indenture. A default under the Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Convertible Senior Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. In addition, even if noteholders do not elect to convert their Convertible Senior Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Senior Notes as a current, rather than long-term, liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 
 22 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 The market price and volume of our common stock trading has experienced, and may continue to experience, wide fluctuations and volatility. Factors that may impact our performance and market price include those discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and others such as: market factors such as economic recession or monetary policy actions by central banking authorities, announcement or filing with the SEC by us or our competitors of acquisitions, business plans or commercial relationships as well as new services; any major change in our senior management or board of director; sales, or anticipated sales, of our stock, including sales by our officers, directors, and significant stockholders; issuance of new, negative, or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations or estimates; investor perceptions of us and the industries in which we or our customers operate; and threatened or actual litigation and governmental investigations. 
 These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for shares of our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. Securities litigation against us, regardless of the merits or outcome, could result in substantial costs, damage to our reputation, and divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The issuance of additional stock, including common stock issued upon conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes, will dilute all other stockholders. 
 The issuance of additional stock in connection with acquisitions, financings, our equity incentive plans, our Convertible Senior Notes, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. Our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to five hundred million shares of common stock and up to ten million shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with applicable rules and regulations, we may issue all of these shares that are not already outstanding without any action or approval by our stockholders. We intend to continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions or opportunities in the future. We may pay for such acquisitions or opportunities, in part or in full, through the issuance of additional equity securities. Further, the conversion of some or all of the Convertible Senior Notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon conversion of any of the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 Because we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future, investors may not receive any return on investment unless they are able to sell common stock for a price greater than the purchase price. 
 We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which investors have purchased their shares. 
 Anti-takeover protections in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our second amended and restated bylaws, or our contractual obligations may discourage or prevent a takeover of our company, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Provisions contained in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could delay or make it more difficult to remove incumbent directors or could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or the replacement of our management, or discourage a potential investor from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market value of our common stock, even if it would benefit our stockholders. 
 In addition, under the agreements governing our credit facilities, a change of control would cause us to be in default or could trigger dilutive or additional expenses. For example, in the event of a change of control default, the administrative agent under our credit facilities would have the right (or, at the direction of lenders holding a majority of the loans and commitments under our credit facilities, the obligation) to accelerate the outstanding loans and to terminate the commitments under our credit facilities, and if so accelerated, we would be required to repay all of our outstanding obligations under our credit facilities. 
 
 23 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Further, certain provisions in the Convertible Senior Notes and the Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our quarterly results of operations have and may continue to fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 
 Our quarterly results of operations, including the levels of our revenues, gross margin, profitability, cash flow, and deferred revenue, has varied and may vary significantly in the future, and period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. These factors include: our ability to attract and retain new and current Cloud customers, as well as Dayforce Wallet customers; changes to services or pricing impacting our customer contracts; seasonal variations in sales of and revenue from our applications, changes to our operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business including new acquired businesses, operations, and infrastructure; and general economic, industry, and market conditions, including the addition or loss of employees by our Cloud customers who generally pay on a per employee per month basis, interest rates, and accounting rules. 
 Catastrophic events as well as expectations related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters may disrupt our business and expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations, access to capital markets and borrowing costs may be adversely affected by a major natural disaster or catastrophic event, including civil unrest, economic recession, geopolitical instability, war, terrorist attack, the effects of climate change, or pandemics or other public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 outbreak, and measures taken in response thereto. In the event of a major disaster or event impacting any of our locations or locations where our employees work virtually, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security and loss of critical data. These catastrophic events have the potential to disrupt the business of our third-party suppliers, partners, or customers. All the potential impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 For instance, the COVID-19 pandemic created significant global volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. The extent to which it will continue to adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors, including developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as the duration and scope of the event, and that affect our ability to sell and to provide our services to our current and future customers, and the ability of our customers to pay for our services or to make us whole for advances of earned net wages and associated tax amounts made on their behalf by us. 
 Our disclosures and ambitions related to ESG matters may expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. We publicly share certain information about our ESG initiatives and goals. Our disclosures on these matters, and goals we set for ourselves or a failure to meet these goals may harm our reputation and brand. By electing to set and share publicly these corporate ESG initiatives and goals, our business may also face increased scrutiny related to ESG activities. 
 
 24 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We operate and are subject to tax in multiple jurisdictions. Audits, investigations, and tax proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to income and non-income taxes in multiple jurisdictions. Income tax accounting often involves complex issues, and significant judgment is often required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. We are regularly subject to tax examinations in these jurisdictions during which the tax authorities may challenge our tax positions. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these examinations to determine the appropriateness of our tax reserves as well as our future tax liabilities. In addition, the application of withholding tax, value added tax, goods and services tax, sales tax, and other non-income taxes is not always certain, and we may be subject to examinations relating to such withholding or non-income taxes. We believe that our tax positions are reasonable and our tax reserves are adequate to cover any potential liability. However, if any of these tax authorities successfully challenge our positions, we may be liable for additional tax, penalties, and interest in excess of any reserves established, which may have a significant impact on our results and operations and future cash flow. 
 Changes in generally accepted accounting principles in the United States could have a material adverse effect on our previously reported results of operations. 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ), the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and to interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our previously reported results of operations and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. Please refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of this report for our assessment of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 Our debt may be downgraded, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 A reduction in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may negatively impact our access to the debt capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Volatility and weakness in bank and capital markets may adversely affect credit availability and related financing costs for us. 
 Disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect our lenders, insurers, customers, and other counterparties. During periods of volatile credit markets, there is risk that lenders, even those with strong balance sheets and sound lending practices, could fail, no longer participate in credit offerings, or refuse to honor their existing legal commitments and obligations to us, including but not limited to, extending credit up to the maximum amount permitted by the Revolving Credit Facility. If our lenders are unable to fund borrowings under their revolving credit commitments or we are unable to borrow or refinance our debt in the financial markets, it could be difficult to obtain sufficient funding to execute our business strategy or to meet our liquidity needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 As a public company, we are required to design and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal controls over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. We have previously identified and reported material weaknesses, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in internal controls in future periods. If we were to have another material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our consolidated financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 25 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota and we also have a major office location in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, both in leased facilities. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we lease office space in various other locations across North America, APJ, and EMEA. We believe that our current facilities meet our needs, and we are confident that we will be able to obtain additional space on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate future growth as needed. Refer to Note 15, Leases, to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our leases. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, we believe would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or liquidity. Discussion of Legal Matters is incorporated by reference from Part II, Item 8, Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, of this Form 10-K and should be considered an integral part of Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings . 
 On October 21, 2021, a claim was issued by purported stockholder, Bluemoon Capital Ltd., in the Superior Court of Justice of Ontario, Canada. The claim is against the Company, together with David Ossip, Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Arthur Gitajn, former EVP and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Gnaneshwar Rao, director of the Company and Brent Bickett, director of the Company, as well as certain third parties. The action, which is a proposed class action, alleges misrepresentations and negligence in connection with the disclosure made by the Company in its April 25, 2018 Prospectuses (which were later incorporated by reference into the Company s May 24, 2018 Interim Financial Statements and MD A) regarding matters surrounding the Company s distribution to its pre-IPO stockholders of its 50 interest in LifeWorks Corporation Ltd. On January 19, 2022, the Ontario court rejected the Norwich Application for discovery by plaintiff (equitable or discretionary remedy in Canada for disclosure of documentation to form an action), which had been filed prior to filing the class action on the basis that it did not meet the key criteria for pre-action discovery. Plaintiff has appealed this decision which was denied, with costs, by the Ontario Court of Appeal on December 14, 2022. 
 The action seeks unspecified monetary damages under the Ontario Securities Act and at common law. 
 A motion brought by the Company for Security for Costs regarding the class action is pending and a motion to strike the class action application is currently set for a hearing on March 31, 2023. At this stage of the proceeding, the ultimate disposition is not yet determinable, but we believe that the likelihood of a material loss arising out of this claim is remote. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 26 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol CDAY since April 26, 2018, the date of our initial public offering. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We do not currently intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. However, in the future, subject to factors described below and our future liquidity and capitalization, we may change this policy and choose to pay dividends. 
 Stockholders 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 58 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is considerably greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 27 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder returns on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index and the S P 1500 Application Software Index. The graph assumes 100 was invested in each, based on closing prices, from our first trading day to the last trading day of each quarter for the period April 26, 2018 (the date our common stock began trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022. Stock price performance shown in the Stock Performance Graph for our common stock is historical and not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Prepared by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Copyright 1980-2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 28 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding industry outlook, our expectations for the future of our business, and our liquidity and capital resources as well as other non-historical statements. These statements are based on current expectations and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations covers fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. Discussions of fiscal 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 
 Overview 
 Ceridian is a global HCM software company. We categorize our solutions into two categories: Cloud and Bureau solutions. Cloud revenue is primarily generated from HCM solutions that are delivered via two Cloud offerings: Dayforce, our flagship Cloud HCM platform, and Powerpay, a Cloud HR and payroll solution for the Canadian small business market. We also continue to support customers using our legacy North America Bureau solutions, which we generally stopped actively selling to new customers following the acquisition of Dayforce, and customers using our acquired Bureau solutions in APJ. We invest in maintenance and necessary updates to support our Bureau customers and continue to migrate them to Dayforce. Revenue from our Cloud and Bureau solutions includes investment income generated from holding customer funds before they are remitted to taxing authorities, also referred to as float revenue or float. 
 Dayforce provides HR, payroll, workforce management, benefits, and talent intelligence functionality. Our platform is used by organizations of all sizes, from small businesses to global organizations, regardless of industry, to optimize management of the entire employee lifecycle, including attracting, engaging, paying, deploying, and developing their people. Dayforce was built as a single application from the ground up that combines a modern, consumer-grade user experience with proprietary application architecture, including a single employee record and a rules engine spanning all areas of HCM. Dayforce provides continuous real-time calculations across all modules to enable, for example, payroll administrators access to data through the entire pay period, and managers access to real-time data to optimize work schedules. Our platform is designed to ease administrative work for both employees and managers, creating opportunities for companies to increase employee engagement. We sell Dayforce through our direct sales force and partner ecosystem on a subscription per-employee, per-month PEPM basis. Our subscriptions are typically structured with an initial fixed term of between three and five years, with evergreen renewal thereafter. 
 We have rapidly grown the Dayforce platform to 5,993 live Dayforce customers, representing approximately 5.9 million global employees as of December 31, 2022. In 2022, we added 559 net new live Dayforce customers. Our customers vary across industries, and no single customer constituted more than 10 of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our annual Dayforce revenue retention rate continues to exceed 95 due to our focus on solving complex problems and our superior customer experience. 
 Dayforce Wallet is a digital payment solution for customers' employees on the Dayforce platform, which was launched in the U.S. in 2020, Canada in 2021, and the United Kingdom in 2022. The Dayforce Wallet gives our customers employees greater control over their financial well-being by providing them with instant access to their earnings. This on-demand pay feature allows employees more choice over when they get paid by making any day payday. Dayforce Wallet enables workers to access their already-earned wages anytime during the pay period, net of taxes, withholdings and other payroll deductions. Leveraging Dayforce s continuous pay calculations, Dayforce Wallet processes a same-day payroll each time a worker requests their pay. The solution is compliant with federal, state, and local remittances and requires no changes to payroll processing including the funding, timing, and close-out of pay. The on-demand wages are loaded onto a paycard, which customers employees can use anywhere credit or debit cards are accepted, generating interchange fee revenue. The Dayforce Wallet mobile app makes it easy for customers employees to check their pay deposits, account balance and transaction history. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 1,450 customers signed onto Dayforce Wallet with over 880 customers live on the product and the average registration rate was above 45 of all eligible employees. 
 Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM 
 
 29 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Business Model 
 Our business model focuses on supporting the rapid growth of Dayforce and maximizing the lifetime value of our Dayforce customer relationships. Due to our subscription model, where we recognize subscription revenues ratably over the term of the subscription period, and our high customer retention rates, we have a high level of visibility into our future revenues. The profitability of a customer depends, in large part, on how long they have been a customer. We estimate that it takes approximately two years before we are able to recover our implementation, customer acquisition, and other direct costs on a new Dayforce customer contract. 
 Over the lifetime of the customer relationship, we have the opportunity to realize additional PEPM revenue, both as the customer grows or rolls out the Dayforce solution to additional employees, and also by selling additional functionality to existing customers that do not currently utilize our full suite of capabilities. We also incur costs to manage the account, to retain customers, and to sell additional functionality. These costs, however, are significantly less than the costs initially incurred to acquire and to take customers live. 
 Revenues 
 We generate recurring revenues primarily from recurring fees charged for the use of our Cloud solutions, Dayforce and Powerpay, as well as from our Bureau solutions. We also generate professional services and other revenue associated primarily with the work performed to assist customers with the planning, design, and implementation of their Cloud-based solution. Our solutions are typically provided through long-term customer relationships that result in a high level of recurring revenue. We also generate recurring revenue from investment income on our Cloud and Bureau customer funds before such funds are remitted to taxing authorities, customer employees, or other third parties. We refer to this investment income as float revenue. 
 For Dayforce, we primarily charge monthly recurring fees on a PEPM basis, generally one-month in advance of service, based on the number and type of solutions provided to the customer and the number of employees and other users at the customer. Our standard Dayforce contracts are generally for a three to five-year period. The average time it takes to implement Dayforce typically ranges from three months for smaller customers to twelve months for larger customers. We begin to generate recurring revenue when we provide a production instance to the customer. We also provide outsourced human resource solutions to certain of our Dayforce customers, which are tailored to meet their individual needs, and entail performing the duties of a customer s human resources department, including payroll processing, time and labor management, performance management, and recruiting, as needed. 
 The Powerpay offering serves our small market Canadian customers. The typical Powerpay customer has fewer than 20 employees, and the majority of the revenue is generated from recurring fees charged on a per-employee, per-process basis. Typical processes include the customer s payroll runs, year-end tax packages, and delivery of customers remittance advices or checks. Powerpay can typically be implemented on a remote basis within one to three days, at which point we start receiving recurring fees. 
 For our Bureau solutions, we typically charge recurring fees on a per-process basis. Typical processes include the customer s payroll runs, year-end tax packages, and delivery of customers remittance advices or checks. In addition to customers who use our payroll services, certain customers use our tax filing services on a stand-alone basis. Our outsourced human resource solutions are tailored to meet the needs of individual customers, and entail our contracting to perform many of the duties of a customer s human resources department, including payroll processing, time and labor management, performance management, and recruiting. We also perform individual services for customers, such as check printing, wage attachment and disbursement, and ACA management. 
 
 30 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Global Events 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 to be a pandemic. The global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic created significant global volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. We experienced curtailed customer demand, primarily as a result of declining employment levels at our customers in certain sectors, such as retail and hospitality, as well as lower customer utilization of professional services, due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we experienced adverse impacts on our revenue in 2021 and 2020, we ended 2021 with employment levels at our customers in-line with pre-pandemic levels. Additionally, the federal funds rate cuts by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the overnight rate target by the Bank of Canada had negative effects on our float revenue in 2021 and 2020. Conversely, the federal funds rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the overnight rate target by the Bank of Canada in 2022 has had positive effects on our float revenue in 2022. The continued, broader implications of the pandemic on our results of operations and overall financial performance will depend on numerous evolving factors. Consequently, the extent of any potential future impacts of COVID-19 remain uncertain and cannot be reasonably estimated. Please refer to Part II , Item 1A Risk Factors for further discussion of the potential impact of the pandemic on our business. 
 In February 2022, the Russian Federation Russia and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. We are closely monitoring the unfolding events due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its regional and global ramifications. We do not have operations in Russia, Ukraine or Belarus. We are monitoring any broader economic impact from the current crisis, including increased cybersecurity risks. The specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is not material as of the date of these financial statements. However, to the extent that such military action spreads to other countries, intensifies, or otherwise remains active, such action could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 How We Ass ess Our Performance 
 In assessing our performance, we consider a variety of performance indicators in addition to revenue and net income (loss). Set forth below is a description of our key performance measures. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Live Dayforce customers (a) 

5,993 

5,434 

4,906 

Cloud annualized recurring revenue (ARR) (a,b,d) (in millions) 

1,041.3 

779.8 

617.9 

Annual Dayforce revenue retention rate (a,b,d) 

97.1 

97.1 

96.0 

Dayforce recurring revenue per customer (c,d) 

121,425 

108,631 

98,655 

Adjusted EBITDA (d) (in millions) 

250.4 

162.5 

159.0 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (d) 

20.1 

15.9 

18.9 

(a) Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM. 

(b) Annual Dayforce revenue retention rate and Cloud ARR are calculated on an annual basis, and the disclosure reflects data as of the most recent fiscal year end. Please see below for further explanation. 

(c) Excluding float revenue, the impact of lower employment levels in 2021 and 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Ascender and ADAM HCM revenue, and on a constant currency basis. 

(d) Please refer to the Non-GAAP Measures and Results of Operations sections below for further description and definition of this performance indicator which is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. 

31 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Live Dayforce Customers 
 We use the number of live Dayforce customers as an indicator of future revenue and the overall performance of the business and to assess the performance of our implementation services. We market Dayforce to customers of all sizes, including small (under 500 employees), major (500 to 5,999 employees), and enterprise (6,000 or more employees). 
 The following table sets forth the number of live Dayforce customers at the end of the years presented: 
 
 Cloud Annualized Recurring Revenue ARR 
 We use Cloud annualized recurring revenue ARR ), a non-GAAP financial measure, to measure the size and growth of our recurring Cloud business, which we believe is useful to management and investors. We derive the majority of our Cloud revenues from recurring fees, primarily PEPM subscription charges. We also derive recurring revenue from fees related to the rental and maintenance of clocks, charges for once-a-year services, such as year-end tax statements, and float revenue on our customer funds before such funds are remitted to taxing authorities, customer employees, or other third parties. We set annual targets for Cloud ARR and monitor progress toward those targets on a quarterly basis. 
 Annual Dayforce Revenue Retention Rate 
 We use annual Dayforce revenue retention rate, a non-GAAP financial measure, to measure the percentage of revenues that we retain from our existing Dayforce customers, which we believe is useful to management and investors as an indicator of customer satisfaction and future revenues. Our annual Dayforce revenue retention rate has been above 97 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and above 95 for the year ended December 31, 2020. We set annual targets for Dayforce revenue retention rate and monitor progress toward those targets on a quarterly basis by reviewing known and anticipated customer losses. Our Dayforce revenue retention rate may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the mix of Dayforce solutions used by customers, the level of customer satisfaction, and changes in the number of users live on our Dayforce solutions. 
 Dayforce Recurring Revenue Per Customer 
 We use Dayforce recurring revenue per customer, a non-GAAP financial measure, as an indicator of the average size of our Dayforce customer, which we believe is also useful to management and investors. We calculate and monitor Dayforce recurring revenue per customer on a quarterly basis. Our Dayforce recurring revenue per customer may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the number of live Dayforce customers and the number of customers purchasing the full HCM suite. 
 Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM. 
 
 32 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Constant Currency Revenue 
 We present revenue on a constant currency basis to assess how our underlying business performed, excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to management and investors. We have calculated revenue on a constant currency basis by applying the average foreign exchange rate in effect during the comparable prior period. The average U.S. dollar to Canadian dollar foreign exchange rate was 1.30, with a daily range of 1.25 to 1.39 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1.25, with a daily range of 1.20 to 1.29 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. dollar to Canadian dollar foreign exchange rate was 1.36. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 We believe that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA margin, non-GAAP financial measures, are useful to management and investors as supplemental measures to evaluate our overall operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are components of our management incentive plan and are used by management to assess performance and to compare our operating performance to our competitors. Management believes that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful in highlighting management performance trends because EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin exclude the results of decisions that are outside the normal course of our business operations. 
 Recent Events 
 Acquisitions 
 On May 29, 2020, we completed the purchase of 100 of the outstanding shares of Excelity Global Solutions Pte. Ltd. Excelity for 77.2 million. Excelity is a human capital management service provider in the APJ region. 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed the purchase of 100 of the outstanding shares of Ascender HCM Pty Limited Ascender for 359.6 million. Ascender is a payroll and HR solutions provider in the APJ region. 
 On April 30, 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of O5 Systems, Inc. dba Ideal Ideal for 41.4 million. Ideal is a talent intelligence software provider based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 
 On October 4, 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of DataFuzion HCM, Inc. DataFuzion ), for 12.5 million in cash consideration and future contingent consideration payments. DataFuzion designs, implements, and supports customer specific data solutions that integrate HCM and ERP systems on their FUZE platform. 
 On December 3, 2021, we completed the acquisition of 100 of the outstanding interests in ATI ROW, LLC and ADAM HCM MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V. (collectively, ADAM HCM for 34.5 million. ADAM HCM is a payroll and HCM company in Latin America. 
 Financing and Other 
 In March 2021, we issued 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with the option counterparties. 
 On December 15, 2021, we sold our St. Petersburg, Florida facility for 40 million, resulting in a gain on the sale of 19.1 million, which was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations within selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 The OCC authorized the Ceridian National Trust Bank to open on January 3, 2023. Effective on this day, the Ceridian National Trust Bank commenced banking operations, acting as trustee for our U.S. payroll trust. 
 Historically, certain aspects of our U.S. client money movement activity have been subject to regulation at both the federal and individual state levels with resulting inherent complexity across multiple jurisdictions. With the establishment of the Ceridian National Trust Bank, regulatory oversight will now be under the OCC, a single federal government agency. 
 Our payroll trust structure will continue to benefit our customers by providing bankruptcy-remoteness protection for client funds pending remittance to employees of our clients, tax authorities, and other payees. 
 
 33 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results o f Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

of Revenue 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Revenue: 

Recurring 

Cloud 

908.4 

712.9 

195.5 

27.4 

72.9 

69.6 

Bureau 

139.2 

137.8 

1.4 

1.0 

11.2 

13.5 

Total recurring 

1,047.6 

850.7 

196.9 

23.1 

84.1 

83.1 

Professional services and other 

198.6 

173.5 

25.1 

14.5 

15.9 

16.9 

Total revenue 

1,246.2 

1,024.2 

222.0 

21.7 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

Cloud 

254.4 

197.7 

56.7 

28.7 

20.4 

19.3 

Bureau 

55.0 

64.7 

(9.7) 

(15.0) 

4.4 

6.3 

Total recurring 

309.4 

262.4 

47.0 

17.9 

24.8 

25.6 

Professional services and other 

238.7 

194.6 

44.1 

22.7 

19.2 

19.0 

Product development and management 

169.9 

134.0 

35.9 

26.8 

13.6 

13.1 

Depreciation and amortization 

55.0 

50.9 

4.1 

8.1 

4.4 

5.0 

Total cost of revenue 

773.0 

641.9 

131.1 

20.4 

62.0 

62.7 

Gross profit 

473.2 

382.3 

90.9 

23.8 

38.0 

37.3 

Selling, general, and administrative 

499.0 

417.8 

81.2 

19.4 

40.0 

40.8 

Operating loss 

(25.8) 

(35.5) 

9.7 

27.3 

(2.1) 

(3.5) 

Interest expense, net 

28.6 

35.9 

(7.3) 

(20.3) 

2.3 

3.5 

Other expense, net 

8.5 

18.9 

(10.4) 

(55.0) 

0.7 

1.8 

Loss before income taxes 

(62.9) 

(90.3) 

27.4 

30.3 

(5.0) 

(8.8) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

10.5 

(14.9) 

25.4 

170.5 

0.8 

(1.4) 

Net loss 

(73.4) 

(75.4) 

2.0 

2.7 

(5.9) 

(7.4) 

Net profit margin (a) 

(5.9) 

(7.4) 

1.5 

20.0 

Adjusted EBITDA (b) 

250.4 

162.5 

87.9 

54.1 

20.1 

15.9 

Adjusted EBITDA margin (b) 

20.1 

15.9 

4.2 

26.6 

(a) Net profit margin is determined by calculating the percentage that net income (loss) is of total revenue. 

(b) Please refer to the Non-GAAP Measures section for a discussion and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, non-GAAP financial measures. 

34 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Revenue . The following table sets forth certain information regarding our consolidated revenues for periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Percentage change in revenue as reported 

Impact of changes in foreign currency (a) 

Percentage change in revenue on a constant currency basis (a) 

2022 

2021 

2022 vs. 2021 

2022 vs. 2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Revenue: 

Dayforce recurring, excluding float 

752.8 

596.9 

26.1 

(1.6) 

27.7 

Dayforce float 

62.4 

29.7 

110.1 

(3.0) 

113.1 

Total Dayforce recurring 

815.2 

626.6 

30.1 

(1.6) 

31.7 

Powerpay recurring, excluding float 

80.7 

78.2 

3.2 

(4.0) 

7.2 

Powerpay float 

12.5 

8.1 

54.3 

(7.4) 

61.7 

Total Powerpay recurring 

93.2 

86.3 

8.0 

(4.3) 

12.3 

Total Cloud recurring 

908.4 

712.9 

27.4 

(2.0) 

29.4 

Dayforce professional services and other 

181.7 

159.3 

14.1 

(2.5) 

16.6 

Powerpay professional services and other 

0.7 

0.9 

(22.2) 

() 

(22.2) 

Total Cloud professional services and other 

182.4 

160.2 

13.9 

(2.5) 

16.4 

Total Cloud revenue 

1,090.8 

873.1 

24.9 

(2.1) 

27.0 

Bureau recurring, excluding float 

133.9 

134.5 

(0.4) 

(3.6) 

3.2 

Bureau float 

5.3 

3.3 

60.6 

(3.0) 

63.6 

Total Bureau recurring 

139.2 

137.8 

1.0 

(3.6) 

4.6 

Bureau professional services and other 

16.2 

13.3 

21.8 

(6.8) 

28.6 

Total Bureau revenue 

155.4 

151.1 

2.8 

(4.0) 

6.8 

Total revenue 

1,246.2 

1,024.2 

21.7 

(2.3) 

24.0 

Dayforce 

996.9 

785.9 

26.8 

(1.9) 

28.7 

Powerpay 

93.9 

87.2 

7.7 

(4.2) 

11.9 

Total Cloud revenue 

1,090.8 

873.1 

24.9 

(2.1) 

27.0 

Dayforce, excluding float 

934.5 

756.2 

23.6 

(1.7) 

25.3 

Powerpay, excluding float 

81.4 

79.1 

2.9 

(3.9) 

6.8 

Cloud revenue, excluding float 

1,015.9 

835.3 

21.6 

(2.0) 

23.6 

Cloud float 

74.9 

37.8 

98.1 

(4.0) 

102.1 

Total Cloud revenue 

1,090.8 

873.1 

24.9 

(2.1) 

27.0 

Cloud recurring, excluding float 

833.5 

675.1 

23.5 

(1.8) 

25.3 

Bureau recurring, excluding float 

133.9 

134.5 

(0.4) 

(3.6) 

3.2 

Total recurring, excluding float 

967.4 

809.6 

19.5 

(2.1) 

21.6 

Total revenue, excluding float 

1,166.0 

983.1 

18.6 

(2.3) 

20.9 

(a) We have calculated revenue on a constant currency by applying the average foreign exchange rate in effect during the comparable prior period. 

Total revenue increased 222.0 million, or 21.7 , to 1,246.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,024.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in live Dayforce customers, the increase in Dayforce recurring revenue per customer, revenue in 2022 from businesses acquired during 2021, and the increase in float revenue. The number of live Dayforce customers increased 10.3 to 5,993 at December 31, 2022 from 5,434 at December 31, 2021. At the end of 2022, our 5,993 live Dayforce customers represented approximately 5.9 million global employees . Additionally for the trailing twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Dayforce recurring revenue per customer grew to 121,425 compared to 108,631 for the comparable period in 2021. 
 Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM. 
 
 35 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The increase in Dayforce recurring revenue per customer is driven by our growing global customer base and the growing average size of our customers, as we have been expanding within the enterprise segment. At the end of 2022, enterprise businesses accounted for 51 of the total number of global employees, major businesses accounted for 41 of the total number of global employees, and small businesses accounted for 8 of the total number of global employees. 
 The increase in float revenue is driven by the 12.4 increase in average float balance for our customer funds for the year ended December 31, 2022, which increased to 4,370.7 million, compared to 3,889.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, in addition to an increase in average yield of 76 basis points compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cost of revenue . Total cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 773.0 million, an increase of 131.1 million, or 20.4 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Recurring cost of revenue increased by 47.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the integration of our APJ acquisitions, specifically 21.0 million of severance and restructuring costs associated with re-balancing our global footprint. Further, the increase in recurring cost of revenue is due to additional costs related to global expansion and costs to support the growing Dayforce customer base. The increase in cost of revenue for professional services and other of 44.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to costs incurred to take new customers live. 
 Product development and management expense increased 35.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase reflects additional personnel costs, including share-based compensation and severance. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, our investment in software development was 162.2 million and 131.7 million, respectively, consisting of 92.3 million and 81.1 million of research and development expense, and 69.9 million and 50.6 million of capitalized software development, respectively. Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for further discussion of our accounting policy for capitalizing internally developed software costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense associated with cost of revenue increased by 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as we continue to capitalize Dayforce related and other development costs and subsequently amortize those costs. 
 Gross profit and gross margin. Total gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 90.9 million, or 23.8 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in gross profit was primarily attributable to the 39.1 million increase in float revenue and total gross margin expansion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following table presents total gross margin and solution gross margins for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Total gross margin 

38.0 

37.3 

Gross margin by solution: 

Cloud recurring 

72.0 

72.3 

Bureau recurring 

60.5 

53.0 

Professional services and other 

(20.2) 

(12.2) 

Total gross margin is defined as total gross profit as a percentage of total revenue, which is inclusive of product development and management costs, as well as depreciation and amortization associated with cost of revenue. Gross margin for each solution in the table above is defined as total revenue less cost of revenue for the applicable solution as a percentage of total revenue for that related solution, which is exclusive of any product development and management or depreciation and amortization cost allocations. 
 Excluding the 2021 acquisitions of Ascender and ADAM HCM. 
 
 36 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cloud recurring gross margin was 72.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 72.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in Cloud recurring gross margin is primarily due to the integration of our APJ acquisitions, specifically a re-balancing of our resources across our global footprint resulting in severance and restructuring costs, partially offset by the increase in float revenue and an increase in the proportion of Dayforce customers live for more than two years, which increased from 80 as of December 31, 2021 to 82 as of December 31, 2022. Bureau recurring gross margin increased from 53.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 60.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflecting higher associated float revenue. Professional services and other gross margin was (20.2) for the year ended December 31, 2022, declining from (12.2) for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting additional costs incurred to take new customers live, expansion of our capabilities to serve international customers, and increased share-based compensation. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense. Selling, general, and administrative expense increased 81.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding the impact of share-based compensation and related employer taxes, severance expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and certain other non-recurring items, selling, general, and administrative expenses would have increased 43.6 million. This adjusted increase of 43.6 million was due to increases of 23.5 in general and administrative expense and 20.1 million in sales and marketing expenses, both of which are primarily driven by employee-related costs. The increase in sales and marketing expense represents investment in our sales force in order to support our growth initiatives. Please refer to the Non-GAAP Measures section for additional information on the excluded items. 
 Operating loss. Operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 25.8 million, compared to 35.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 9.7 million change was primarily due to the increase in float revenue and gross margin expansion, partially offset by the increase in selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 28.6 million, compared to 35.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 7.3 million decrease in interest expense, net was primarily due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 in 2022 which eliminated the non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount on our Convertible Senior Notes, partially offset by an increase in interest expense on our Term Debt due to the increase in LIBOR rates. 
 Other expense, net. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other expense, net of 8.5 million and 18.9 million, respectively, was comprised of net periodic pension expense and foreign currency translation loss. 
 Income tax expense (benefit). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had income tax expense of 10.5 million and income tax benefit of 14.9 million, respectively. The 25.4 million increase in tax expense was primarily due to increases of 12.9 million attributed to share-based compensation, 7.1 million attributed to U.S. Global Intangible Low Tax Income regime, and 5.8 million attributed to current operations. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to reflect the net deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized. As of December 31, 2022, we will continue to record a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets including state net operating loss carryovers and tax basis intangibles. 
 Net loss. Net loss was 73.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 75.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The slight decrease in net loss is primarily due to an increase in revenue, including float revenue, as well as the reduction in interest expense and other expense, partially offset by higher investments in product development and selling capabilities, share-based compensation, further integration of the APJ acquisitions, specifically a re-balancing of our resources across our global footprint, and the non-recurring gain of 19.1 million on the sale of our St. Petersburg, Florida facility in 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net profit margin was (5.9) and (7.4) , respectively. 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA increased by 87.9 million to 250.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in float revenue and gross margin expansion, partially offset by the increase in sales and marketing and product development and management expense. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 20.1 in 2022 from 15.9 in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding float revenue, increased 48.8 million to 170.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Please refer to the Non-GAAP Measures section for a discussion and reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and additional information on the excluded items. 
 
 37 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are our existing cash and equivalents, cash provided by operating activities, availability under our Revolving Credit Facility, and proceeds from debt issuance and equity offerings. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and equivalents of 431.9 million and there was no amount drawn on our Revolving Credit Facility of 300 million. 
 Our primary liquidity needs are related to funding of general business requirements, including the payment of interest and principal on our debt, capital expenditures, product development, and funding Dayforce Wallet on demand pay requests on behalf of our customers. From time to time, we have made investments in businesses or acquisitions of companies. Our total debt balance was 1,234.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Please refer to Note 9, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements and Our Indebtedness section below for further information on our debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held 0.8 million and 1.9 million, respectively, of restricted cash as collateral for bank guarantees. The bank guarantees provide financial assurance that we will fulfill certain lease obligations. The cash is restricted as to withdrawal or use while the related bank guarantee is outstanding. 
 On February 26, 2021, we elected to borrow 295.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility to fund our acquisition of Ascender on March 1, 2021. We repaid the 295.0 million draw on March 5, 2021 with proceeds from the issuance of our Convertible Senior Notes. 
 In March 2021, we issued 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchase discounts and issuance costs, were 561.8 million. In connection with the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions which are expected to reduce the potential dilution of our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any cash payments we could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes. We used an aggregate amount of 45.0 million of the net proceeds of the Convertible Senior Notes to purchase the Capped Calls. We used the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering (i) to repay 295.0 million principal amount under the Revolving Credit Facility and pay related accrued interest and (ii) for general corporate purposes. 
 On December 15, 2021, we completed the second amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facility, in which the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility was extended from April 30, 2023 to January 29, 2025. 
 We believe that our cash flow from operations, availability under our Revolving Credit Facility, and available cash and equivalents will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Dayforce Wallet on demand pay requests are currently funded from our operating cash balances, until it is reimbursed by the customers through their normal payroll funding cycles. We evaluate the creditworthiness of each customer for the Dayforce Wallet feature. We anticipate that to the extent that we require additional liquidity, it will be funded through the issuance of equity, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, or a combination thereof. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain this additional liquidity on reasonable terms, or at all. Additionally, our liquidity and our ability to meet our obligations and to fund our capital requirements and Dayforce Wallet on demand pay requests are also dependent on our future financial performance, which is subject to general economic, financial, and other factors that are beyond our control. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available from additional indebtedness or otherwise to meet our liquidity needs. If we decide to pursue one or more significant acquisitions, we may incur additional debt or sell additional equity to finance such acquisitions, which would result in additional expenses or dilution. 
 Our customer funds are held and invested with the primary objectives being to protect the principal balance and to ensure adequate liquidity to meet cash flow requirements. The customer assets are held in segregated accounts intended for the specific purpose of satisfying customer funding obligations and therefore are not freely available for our general business use. Please refer to Note 5, Customer Funds, for further discussion of these funds. 
 
 38 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 Changes in cash flows due to purchases of customer fund marketable securities and proceeds from the sale or maturity of customer fund marketable securities, as well as the carrying value of customer fund accounts as of period end dates can vary significantly due to several factors, including the specific day of the week the period ends, which impacts the timing of funds collected from customers and payments made to satisfy customer obligations to employees, taxing authorities, and others. The customer funds are fully segregated from our operating cash accounts and are evaluated and tracked separately by management. The table below summarizes the activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

132.6 

48.8 

(30.2) 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(342.5) 

(711.1) 

38.8 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

870.1 

407.5 

565.3 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and equivalents 

(8.1) 

(20.9) 

(4.0) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and equivalents 

652.1 

(275.7) 

569.9 

Cash, restricted cash, and equivalents at beginning of period 

1,952.8 

2,228.5 

1,658.6 

Cash, restricted cash, and equivalents at end of period 

2,604.9 

1,952.8 

2,228.5 

Cash and equivalents 

431.9 

367.5 

188.2 

Restricted cash and equivalents 

2,173.0 

1,585.3 

2,040.3 

Total cash, restricted cash, and equivalents 

2,604.9 

1,952.8 

2,228.5 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 132.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 48.8 during the year ended December 31, 2021. For both periods, cash inflows from operating activities are primarily generated from the subscriptions of our solutions. Cash outflows from operating activities for both periods are primarily comprised of personnel-related expenditures that are integral to our business operations. The net positive cash inflow in both periods is primarily due to our growing revenue and collections of such revenue, partially offset by our operating costs, mainly, investment in our sales force to support our growth initiatives and our product development and management costs which are not eligible for capitalization. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 342.5 million, related to net purchases of customer funds marketable securities of 248.0 million, and capital expenditures of 94.5 million. Our capital expenditures included 74.3 million for software and technology and 20.2 million for property and equipment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 711.1 million, related to acquisition costs, net of cash acquired, of 409.5 million, net purchase of customer funds marketable securities of 275.8 million, and capital expenditures of 63.7 million. Our capital expenditures included 52.2 million for software and technology and 11.5 million for property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 870.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. This cash inflow was primarily attributable to the net increase in our customer funds obligations of 840.1 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans of 38.4 million, partially offset by payments on our long-term debt obligations of 8.4 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 407.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This cash inflow was primarily attributable to proceeds from the issuance of our Convertible Senior Notes of 561.8 million, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans of 95.4 million, partially offset by the net decrease in our customer funds obligations of 195.7 million, purchase of the Capped Calls related to the Convertible Senior Notes of 45.0 million, and payments on our long-term debt obligations of 7.8 million. 
 
 39 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Backlog and Seasonality 
 Backlog is equivalent to our remaining performance obligations, which represents contracted revenue for recurring and fixed price professional services, primarily implementation services, that has not yet been recognized, including deferred revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1,143.6 million of revenue is expected to be recognized over the next three years from remaining performance obligations. 
 For a discussion of seasonality, please refer to Part 1, Item I, Business of this Form 10-K. 
 Our In debtedness 
 Our primary liquidity needs are related to funding of general business requirements, including the payment of interest and principal on our debt, capital expenditures, product development, and funding Dayforce Wallet on demand pay requests on behalf of our customers. From time to time, we have made investments in businesses or acquisitions of companies, which are also liquidity needs. We believe our current sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that to the extent that we require additional liquidity, it will be funded through the issuance of equity, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, or a combination thereof. During 2021 and 2020, we incurred additional debt in the form of draws on our Revolving Credit Facility, which was subsequently repaid, and issuance of our Convertible Senior Notes for purposes of either (i) conserving our liquidity position during the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic, and (ii) general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of companies. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On April 30, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement pursuant to which the lenders agreed to provide Senior Secured Credit Facility, consisting of the Term Debt in the original principal amount of 680.0 million and a 300.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility may, at our option, be made available in United States Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros and/or Pounds Sterling; up to 70.0 million may, at our option, be made available for letters of credit and 100.0 million may, at our option, be made available for swingline loans (denominated in Canadian Dollars and/or United States Dollars). 
 The Term Debt will mature on April 30, 2025. We are required to make annual amortization payments in respect of the Term Debt in an amount equal to 1.00 of the original principal amount thereof, payable in equal quarterly installments of 0.25 of the original principal amount of the first lien term debt. On December 15, 2021, we completed the second amendment to our Senior Secured Credit Facility, which extended the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility from April 30, 2023 to January 29, 2025. The Revolving Credit Facility does not require amortization payments. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In March 2021, we issued 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchase discounts and issuance costs, were 561.8 million. In connection with the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions which are expected to reduce the potential dilution of our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any cash payments we could be required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes. We used an aggregate amount of 45.0 million of the net proceeds of the Convertible Senior Notes to purchase the Capped Calls. We used the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering (i) to repay 295.0 million principal amount under the Revolving Credit Facility and pay related accrued interest and (ii) for general corporate purposes. 
 For an additional description of the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the Senior Convertible Notes, please refer to Note 9, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our future contractual obligations generally consist of long-term debt, leases, retirement plans, and vendor payments. Our long-term debt obligations are described in Note 9, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements, and the Our Indebtedness section above. 
 
 40 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of our facilities are leased. Most of these leases contain renewal options and require payments for taxes, insurance, and maintenance. We also lease equipment for use in our business. We ceased use of certain leased facilities during 2021 and 2020 and recognized lease abandonment charges within our consolidated statements of operations; however, we are still required to make future payments under the existing lease terms. Refer to Note 15, Leases, to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our leases. 
 Payments of retirement plan obligations include employer commitments to fund our defined benefit and postretirement plans and do not include estimated future benefit payments to participants expected to be made from liquidation of the assets in our defined benefit plan trusts. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we contributed 105.0 million to our largest U.S. pension plan, satisfying all expected contributions for the foreseeable future for this defined benefit plan. As of December 31, 2022, our defined benefit pension plans had a projected benefit obligation that exceeded the fair value of the plans assets by 11.1 million and our postretirement benefit plan had a projected benefit obligation that exceeded the fair value of the plans assets by 8.8 million. We expect to satisfy these remaining obligations through investment income from and appreciation in the fair value of plan assets and from future employer contributions. Refer to Note 10, Employee Benefit Plans, to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our employee benefit plans. 
 The amount of our future contractual obligation to vendors as of December 31, 2022 was not material. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and related notes, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements and related notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following is our critical accounting estimate: 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Description: We recognize revenue for professional services and Cloud subscription services performance obligations based on an allocation of the total transaction price to each performance obligation using the respective stand-alone selling prices SSP ). This can result in revenue being recognized in an amount that exceeds the amount we are contractually allowed to bill our customer as of a certain point in time, resulting in the recognition of a contract asset up until the period at which billings are equal to or exceed revenue recognition. We recognized 182.4 million of Cloud professional services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related contract assets were 68.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Judgments and Uncertainties: The determination of our stand-alone selling price for the performance obligations requires us to make assumptions based on market conditions and observable inputs, as well as an estimate of the total professional service hours expected to be incurred in connection with each customer implementation. 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: The consideration allocated to professional services performed to activate a new customer is recognized as professional services revenues based on the proportion of total work performed to date compared to an estimation of total work expected to complete the implementation project for that customer account. To the extent this consideration exceeds the customer billings, a contract asset would be recognized, as professional services revenue related to implementation activities is generally recognized at the beginning of the contract. 
 Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for a description of our revenue recognition policy and our significant accounting policies. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for a full discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 41 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Non-GA AP Measures 
 We use certain non-GAAP financial measures in this document including EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted operating profit, Adjusted net income, Adjusted diluted net income per share, revenue on a constant currency basis, Cloud ARR, Annual Dayforce revenue retention rate, and Dayforce recurring revenue per customer. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to management and investors as supplemental measures to evaluate our overall operating performance including comparison across periods and with competitors. Our management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess operating performance because these measures exclude the results of decisions that are outside the normal course of our business operations, and are used for internal budgeting and forecasting purposes both for short- and long-term operating plans. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are components of our management incentive plan. These non-GAAP financial measures are not required by, defined under, or presented in accordance with, GAAP, and should not be considered as alternatives to our results as reported under GAAP, have important limitations as analytical tools, and our use of these terms may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies in our industry. Our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by similar items to those eliminated in this presentation. 
 We define our non-GAAP financial measures as follows: 
 EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, and Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, as adjusted to exclude foreign exchange gains (losses), share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, and certain other non-recurring items. 

Adjusted EBITDA margin is determined by calculating the percentage that Adjusted EBITDA is of total revenue. 

Adjusted operating profit is defined as operating profit (loss), as adjusted to exclude foreign exchange gains (losses), share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and other non-recurring items. 

Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss), as adjusted to exclude foreign exchange gains (losses), share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and other non-recurring items, all of which are adjusted for the effect of income taxes. 

Adjusted diluted net income per share is calculated by dividing adjusted net income by diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. When adjusted diluted net income per share is positive, diluted weighted average common shares outstanding incorporate the effect of dilutive equity instruments. 

Revenue on a constant currency basis is calculated by applying the average foreign exchange rate in effect during the comparable prior period. 

Cloud ARR is calculated by starting with recurring revenue at year end, excluding revenue from Ascender and ADAM HCM, subtracting the once-a-year charges, annualizing the revenue for customers live for less than a full year to reflect the revenue that would have been realized if the customer had been live for a full year, and adding back the once-a-year charges. We have not reconciled Cloud ARR because there is no directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

Annual Dayforce revenue retention rate is calculated as a percentage, excluding Ascender and ADAM HCM, where the numerator is the Dayforce ARR for the prior year, less the Dayforce ARR from lost Dayforce customers during that year; and the denominator is the Dayforce ARR for the prior year. We have not reconciled Annual Dayforce revenue retention rate because there is no directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

Dayforce recurring revenue per customer is an indicator of the average size of Dayforce recurring revenue customers. To calculate Dayforce recurring revenue per customer, we start with Dayforce recurring revenue on a constant currency basis by applying the same exchange rate to all comparable periods for the trailing twelve months and excludes float revenue, the impact of lower employment levels in 2021 and 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Ascender and ADAM HCM revenue. This amount is divided by the number of live Dayforce customers at the end of the trailing twelve month period, excluding Ascender and ADAM HCM. We have not reconciled the Dayforce recurring revenue per customer because there is no directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 

42 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following table reconciles our reported results to our non-GAAP financial measures EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA margin for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net loss 

(73.4) 

(75.4) 

Interest expense, net 

28.6 

35.9 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

10.5 

(14.9) 

Depreciation and amortization 

89.0 

77.5 

EBITDA 

54.7 

23.1 

Foreign exchange loss 

3.5 

9.5 

Share-based compensation (a) 

145.1 

116.8 

Severance charges (b) 

33.7 

7.4 

Restructuring consulting fees (c) 

7.7 

16.7 

Other non-recurring items (d) 

5.7 

(11.0) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

250.4 

162.5 

Net profit margin (e) 

(5.9) 

(7.4) 

Adjusted EBITDA margin 

20.1 

15.9 

(a) Represents share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes. 

(b) Represents costs for severance compensation paid to employees whose positions have been eliminated or who have been terminated not for cause. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we incurred severance charges in conjunction with the re-balancing of our workforce across our global footprint in the amount of 21.0 million within cost of recurring revenue. 

(c) Represents consulting fees and expenses incurred during the periods presented in connection with any acquisition, investment, disposition, recapitalization, equity offering, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity interests, or refinancing. 

(d) Represents (1) the net impact of the abandonment of certain leased facilities, resulting in a net gain of 0.3 million in 2022 and 17.2 million in 2021 primarily as a result of the 19.1 million gain on the sale of the St. Petersburg, Florida facility, (2) the impact of 4.6 million and 0.6 million related to the fair value adjustments of the DataFuzion contingent consideration in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and (3) the difference of 1.4 million and 5.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, between the historical five-year average pension expense and the current period actuarially determined pension expense associated with the planned termination of the frozen U.S. pension plan and related changes in investment strategy associated with protecting the now fully funded status. 

(e) Net profit margin is determined by calculating the percentage that net loss is of total revenue. 

43 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following tables reconciles our reported results to our non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted operating profit, Adjusted net income, and Adjusted diluted net income per share for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As reported 

Share-based compensation 

Severance charges 

Other (a) 

Adjusted (b) 

(Dollars in millions, except per share data) 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

Cloud 

254.4 

14.2 

19.5 

220.7 

Bureau 

55.0 

1.5 

3.0 

50.5 

Total recurring 

309.4 

15.7 

22.5 

271.2 

Professional services and other 

238.7 

13.7 

0.7 

224.3 

Product development and management 

169.9 

24.7 

4.2 

141.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

55.0 

55.0 

Total cost of revenue 

773.0 

54.1 

27.4 

691.5 

Sales and marketing 

251.5 

24.4 

4.2 

222.9 

General and administrative 

247.5 

66.6 

2.1 

43.2 

135.6 

Operating (loss) profit 

(25.8) 

145.1 

33.7 

43.2 

196.2 

Other expense, net 

8.5 

4.6 

3.9 

Depreciation and amortization 

89.0 

(30.9) 

58.1 

EBITDA 

54.7 

145.1 

33.7 

16.9 

250.4 

Interest expense, net 

28.6 

28.6 

Income tax expense (benefit) (c) 

10.5 

(32.7) 

43.2 

Depreciation and amortization 

89.0 

30.9 

58.1 

Net (loss) income 

(73.4) 

145.1 

33.7 

15.1 

120.5 

Net (loss) income per share - basic (d) 

(0.48) 

0.95 

0.22 

0.10 

0.79 

Net (loss) income per share - diluted (d) 

(0.48) 

0.93 

0.22 

0.10 

0.77 

(a) Other includes amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring consulting fees, the impact of the fair value adjustment for the DataFuzion contingent consideration, foreign exchange loss, the difference between the historical five-year average pension expense and the current period actuarially determined pension expense associated with the planned termination of the frozen U.S. pension plan and related changes in investment strategy associated with protecting the now fully funded status, and the net impact of the abandonment of certain leased facilities. 

(b) The Adjusted column is a non-GAAP financial measure, adjusted to exclude foreign exchange gains (losses), share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and other non-recurring items, all of which are adjusted for the effect of income taxes. 

(c) Income tax effects have been calculated based on the statutory tax rates in effect in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions during the period. 

(d) Both GAAP and Adjusted net income (loss) per share are calculated by dividing either GAAP or Adjusted net income by the basic or diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. When adjusted diluted net income per share is positive, diluted weighted average common shares outstanding incorporate the effect of dilutive equity instruments. GAAP basic and diluted net loss per share are calculated based upon 152,940,299 weighted-average shares of common stock and Adjusted basic and diluted net income per share are calculated based upon 152,940,299 and 155,802,557 weighted-average shares of common stock, respectively. 

44 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

As reported 

Share-based compensation 

Severance charges 

Other (a) 

Adjusted (b) 

(Dollars in millions, except per share data) 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

Cloud 

197.7 

11.0 

0.5 

186.2 

Bureau 

64.7 

1.9 

1.5 

61.3 

Total recurring 

262.4 

12.9 

2.0 

247.5 

Professional services and other 

194.6 

9.5 

0.2 

184.9 

Product development and management 

134.0 

18.0 

0.6 

115.4 

Depreciation and amortization 

50.9 

50.9 

Total cost of revenue 

641.9 

40.4 

2.8 

598.7 

Sales and marketing 

218.5 

13.8 

1.9 

202.8 

General and administrative 

199.3 

62.6 

2.7 

21.9 

112.1 

Operating (loss) profit 

(35.5) 

116.8 

7.4 

21.9 

110.6 

Other expense, net 

18.9 

17.2 

1.7 

Depreciation and amortization 

77.5 

(23.9) 

53.6 

EBITDA 

23.1 

116.8 

7.4 

15.2 

162.5 

Interest expense, net 

35.9 

35.9 

Income tax (benefit) expense (c) 

(14.9) 

(23.6) 

8.7 

Depreciation and amortization 

77.5 

23.9 

53.6 

Net (loss) income 

(75.4) 

116.8 

7.4 

15.5 

64.3 

Net (loss) income per share - basic (d) 

(0.50) 

0.78 

0.05 

0.10 

0.43 

Net (loss) income per share - diluted (d) 

(0.50) 

0.74 

0.05 

0.10 

0.41 

(a) Other includes amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, net gain related to the abandonment of certain leases, primarily as a result of the 19.1 million gain on the sale of our St. Petersburg, Florida facility, foreign exchange loss, restructuring consulting fees, the difference between the historical five-year average pension expense and the current period actuarially determined pension expense associated with the planned termination of the frozen U.S. pension plan and related changes in investment strategy associated with protecting the now fully funded status, and the impact of the fair value adjustment for the DataFuzion contingent consideration. 

(b) The Adjusted column is a non-GAAP financial measure, adjusted to exclude foreign exchange gains (losses), share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes, severance charges, restructuring consulting fees, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and other non-recurring items, all of which are adjusted for the effect of income taxes. 

(c) Income tax effects have been calculated based on the statutory tax rates in effect in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions during the period. 

(d) Both GAAP and Adjusted net income (loss) per share are calculated by dividing either GAAP or Adjusted net income by the basic or diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. When adjusted diluted net income per share is positive, diluted weighted average common shares outstanding incorporate the effect of dilutive equity instruments. GAAP basic and diluted net loss per share are calculated based upon 150,402,321 weighted-average shares of common stock and Adjusted basic and diluted net income per share are calculated based upon 150,402,321 and 156,842,934 weighted-average shares of common stock, respectively. 

45 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks related to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and pension obligations. We seek to minimize or to manage these market risks through normal operating and financing activities. These market risks may be amplified by events and factors surrounding global events. We do not trade or use instruments with the objective of earning financial gains on the market fluctuations, nor do we use instruments where there are not underlying exposures. 
 Foreign Currency Risk . Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Canadian Dollar. Our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates has historically been partially hedged as our foreign currency denominated inflows create a natural hedge against our foreign currency denominated expenses. Accordingly, our results of operations and cash flows were not materially affected by fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, and we believe that a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates or an inability to access foreign funds would not materially affect our ability to meet our operational needs or result in a material foreign currency loss in the future. Due to the relative size of our international operations to date, we have not instituted an active hedging program. We expect our international operations to continue to grow in the near term, and we are monitoring the foreign currency exposure to determine if we should begin a hedging program. 
 Interest Rate Risk . Our operating results and financial condition are subject to fluctuations due to changes in interest rates, primarily in relation to: (1) our customer funds market valuation and float revenue derived therefrom, (2) our debt and the interest paid on such, and (3) our cash and equivalents and the interest income earned on these balances. Collectively, we do not believe that a change in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. 
 In certain jurisdictions, we collect funds for payment of payroll and taxes; temporarily hold such funds in segregated accounts until payment is due; remit the funds to the customers employees and appropriate taxing authority; file federal, state and local tax returns; and handle related regulatory correspondence and amendments. We have exposure to risks associated with changes in laws and regulations that may affect customer fund balances. For example, a change in regulations, either reducing the amount of taxes to be withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities, would reduce our average customer fund balances and float revenue. 
 Based on current market conditions, portfolio composition and investment practices, a 100 basis point increase in market investment rates would result in approximately 24 million increase in float revenue over the ensuing twelve month period. There are no incremental costs of revenue associated with changes in float revenue. 
 We pay floating rates of interest on our Term Debt and Revolving Credit Facility. The interest paid on these borrowings will fluctuate up or down in relation to changes in market interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in the LIBOR rates would result in approximately 7 million increase in our interest expense over the ensuring twelve-month period. Please refer to Note 9, Debt, for additional information. 
 We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 
 However, because we classify our securities as available for sale, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be unrecoverable. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities. 
 
 46 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Pension Obligation Risk . We provide a pension plan for certain current and former U.S. employees that closed to new participants on January 2, 1995. In 2007, the U.S. pension plan was amended (1) to exclude from further participation any participant or former participant who was not employed by the company or another participating employer on January 1, 2008, (2) to discontinue participant contributions, and (3) to freeze the accrual of additional benefits as of December 31, 2007. In applying relevant accounting policies, we have made estimates related to actuarial assumptions, including assumptions of expected returns on plan assets, discount rates, and health care cost trends. The cost of pension benefits in future periods will depend on actual returns on plan assets, assumptions for future periods, contributions, and benefit experience. As of December 31, 2022, the projected benefit obligation PBO exceeded the fair value of plan assets by 11.1 million. Please refer to Note 10, Employee Benefit Plans, for additional information. 
 The effective discount rate used in accounting for pension and other benefit obligations in 2022 ranged from 4.72 to 4.84 . The expected rate of return on plan assets for qualified pension benefits in 2022 was 3.30 . The following table reflects the estimated sensitivity associated with a change in certain significant actuarial assumptions (each assumption change is presented mutually exclusive of other assumption changes): 

Impact on 2023 Pension Expense Increase (Decrease) 

Change in Assumption 
 
 Pension Benefits 

Post Retirement 

(Dollars in millions) 

Increase in discount rate 
 
 50 basis points 

0.1 

Decrease in discount rate 
 
 50 basis points 

(0.1) 

Increase in return on plan asset 
 
 50 basis points 

(2.2) 
 
 N/A 

Decrease in return on plan asset 
 
 50 basis points 

2.2 

N/A 

47 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF CERIDIAN HCM HOLDING INC. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

48 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Ceridian HCM Holding Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 49 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Customer funds and customer funds obligations 
 As discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, in connection with the Company s payroll and tax services, it (1) collects funds for payment of payroll and taxes, (2) temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, and (3) remits the funds to its customers employees and taxing authorities. The Company collects and manages large amounts of data and its applications are inherently complex. At December 31, 2022, customer funds and customer funds obligations were 4.2 billion and 4.3 billion, respectively. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over customer funds and customer funds obligations as a critical audit matter. Specifically, complex auditor judgment was required to determine that the receipt and expenditure of funds used to develop the customer funds and customer funds obligations balances at December 31, 2022, reconciled to customers transaction data. This matter required the use of information technology (IT) professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed to determine that the receipt and expenditure of funds used to develop the customer funds and customer funds obligations balances at December 31, 2022, reconciled to customers transaction data, including the extent of involvement of IT professionals. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the customer funds and customer funds obligations process. Specifically, we involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in the identification and testing of general IT controls and process level IT risks and controls related to: 
 receipt of customer transaction data 

the communication of that data to (1) banks for the purpose of receiving and expending customer funds, and to (2) the Company s IT systems used to track customer funds and customer funds obligations. 

We evaluated the customer funds and customer funds obligations by obtaining the amounts from the Company s IT systems used to track customer funds and customer funds obligations, and comparing them to the general ledger, third-party bank statements or confirmations, and underlying documentation for reconciling items. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. 
 
 50 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stand-alone selling price (SSP) of cloud Dayforce professional services 
 As discussed in Note 2 and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized 181.7 million of cloud Dayforce professional services and other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 68.5 million of contract assets as of December 31, 2022. Cloud Dayforce professional services includes implementation services to activate new accounts. The Company s cloud services arrangements include multiple performance obligations and the transaction price allocation is based on the SSP for the performance obligations. The SSP for cloud Dayforce implementation services is estimated based on market conditions and observable inputs, including rates charged by third parties to perform implementation services, as well as an estimate of the hours expected to be incurred. 
 We identified the assessment of the Company s estimated hours expected to be incurred that were used to determine the SSP of cloud Dayforce implementation services as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the professional services hours assumption that involved unobservable market data and was susceptible to manipulation. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s estimated hours to be incurred that were used to determine the SSP of cloud Dayforce implementation services. To evaluate the Company s retrospective review of its estimated implementation services hours, we compared the historical estimated implementation hours to actual implementation hours incurred for a selection of contracts. For a sample of contracts entered into during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 we obtained the Company's models for allocating the transaction price and compared certain inputs in those models to the project managers estimate of implementation service hours to be incurred and to the results of the Company's retrospective review of its estimated implementation service hours 

we inquired of the project manager regarding the estimation of the total hours to be incurred. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1958. e Company s auditor since 1958. 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota March 1, 2023 
 
 51 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Consolidated Ba lance Sheets 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions, except share data) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Trade and other receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets before customer funds 

Customer funds 

Total current assets 

Right of use lease asset 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of long-term lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Other accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities before customer funds obligations 

Customer funds obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Employee benefit plans 

Long-term lease liabilities, less current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 

Revenue: 

Recurring 

Professional services and other 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

Professional services and other 

Product development and management 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Operating (loss) profit 

() 

() 

Interest expense, net 

Other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

53 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of C omprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Items of other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes: 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized (loss) gain from invested customer funds 

() 

() 

Change in pension liability adjustment (a) 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense, net 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income after income taxes 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

(a) million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid In 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Total Stockholders' 

Shares 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

(Dollars in millions, except share data) 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation 

Change in unrealized gain, net of tax of 

Change in pension liability adjustment, net of tax of 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized loss, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Change in pension liability adjustment, net of tax of 

Equity component of convertible senior notes 

Purchase of capped calls related to convertible senior notes 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Cumulative-effect adjustments related to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized loss, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Change in pension liability adjustment, net of tax of 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 
 
 55 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Net periodic pension and postretirement cost 

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Gain on sale of assets 

() 

Lease abandonment costs 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities excluding effects of acquisitions and divestitures: 

Trade and other receivables 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Employee compensation and benefits 

() 

Accrued interest 

Accrued taxes 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of customer funds marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale and maturity of customer funds marketable securities 

Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Expenditures for software and technology 

() 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of assets 

Acquisition costs, net of cash and restricted cash acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Increase (decrease) in customer funds obligations, net 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under share-based compensation plans 

Repayment of long-term debt obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility 

Repayment of revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs 

Purchases of capped calls related to convertible senior notes 

() 

Payment of debt refinancing costs 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, restricted cash, and equivalents 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash, and equivalents 

() 

Cash, restricted cash, and equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash, restricted cash, and equivalents at end of year 

Reconciliation of cash, restricted cash, and equivalents to the consolidated balance sheets 

Cash and equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Restricted cash and equivalents included in customer funds 

Total cash, restricted cash, and equivalents 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash received from income tax refunds 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 56 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 countries globally, our operations are primarily located in the United States and Canada. 

Machinery and equipment 
 
 - 

Computer equipment 
 
 - 

Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. We capitalized interest of million and million in property, plant, and equipment, net during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Property, plant, and equipment assets are assessed for impairment as described under the heading Impairment of Long-Lived Assets below. 
 
 - 

Trade name 
 
 - 

Technology 
 
 - 

million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , respectively, included in property, plant, and equipment, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We amortize software costs on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the software, generally a range of two to . Amortization of software costs totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 . This change in accounting estimate and related customer period of benefit is largely attributable to new evidence of longer customer relationships such as increases in the proportion of new customer contracts greater than as well as our continued high customer retention rates. The change was made on a prospective basis. The effect of this change reduced amortization expense by million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The change in estimate will also impact future periods, with an estimated reduction to amortization expense in the range of million to million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Deferred costs included within Other assets on our consolidated balance sheets were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Amortization expense for the deferred costs was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 . Any credits related to service level commitments are recognized as incurred, as service level failures are not anticipated at contract signing. Should a customer cancel the initial contract, an early termination fee may be applicable, and revenue is recognized upon col lection. We also generate recurring revenue from investment income on our Cloud and Bureau customer funds before such funds are remitted to taxing authorities, customer employees, or other third parties. We refer to this investment income as float revenue. Please refer to Note 12, Revenue, for a full description of our sources of revenue. 
 
 Costs and Expenses million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Depreciation and amortization related to cost of revenue primarily consists of amortization of capitalized software. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. General and administrative expense includes costs that are not directly related to delivery of services, selling efforts, or product development, primarily consisting of corporate-level costs, such as administration, finance, legal, and human resources. Also included in this category are depreciation, and amortization of other intangible assets not reflected in cost of revenue, and the provision for doubtful accounts receivable. 

For performance-based stock options with a market condition, a Monte Carlo simulation model is used to determine the fair value. The Monte Carlo model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market conditions stipulated in the award. We estimate forfeitures at the time of grant based on historical data and record share-based compensation expense for those awards expected to vest. 
 basis points would be approximately million on the liabilities and an immaterial impact on pre-tax earnings in the following year. A change in the assumption for the long-term rate of return on plan assets of basis points would impact pre-tax earnings by approximately million. 
 
 the guidance as of , using the modified retrospective method of transition. The adoption resulted in the elimination of the debt discount (and related deferred tax liability) that was recorded within equity related to our Convertible Senior Notes. The net impact of the adjustments was recorded to the opening balance of accumulated deficit and additional paid in capital. The impact to the consolidated balance sheet was as follows: (1) increase of million to long-term debt, (2) decrease of million to additional paid-in capital, net of allocated issuance costs of million and deferred tax impact of million, and (3) decrease to accumulated deficit of million. 

ASU 2022-06 , Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 
 
 December 2022 
 
 This amendment provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. 
 
 Not yet adopted 
 
 This amendment may be elected over time through December 31, 2024 as reference rate reform activities occur. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements. 

of the outstanding shares of Ascender HCM Pty Limited Ascender for million. Ascender is a payroll and human resources solutions provider in the Asia Pacific Japan APJ region. We entered into a forward foreign currency contract to hedge the purchase price for the Ascender acquisition which was denominated in Australian dollars, resulting in the recognition of a realized gain of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, included as a component of other expense, net in our consolidated statement of operations. The financial results of Ascender have been included within our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date forward and are classified among both Cloud and Bureau solutions. The purchase accounting was considered complete as of December 31, 2021. The intangible assets consist of million of customer relationships, million of developed technology, and million of trade name. Of the goodwill associated with this acquisition, amount is deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill of million arising from the Ascender acquisition is primarily attributable to the synergies to enable both multi-national customers and customers within the APJ region to leverage one global HCM platform, Dayforce, as well as the assembled workforce of Ascender. 

Restricted cash 

Trade receivables, prepaid expenses, and other current assets 

Customer funds 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 
 () 

Customer funds obligations 
 
 () 

Other non-current liabilities 
 
 () 

Total purchase price 

Ideal On April 30, 2021, we completed the purchase of of the outstanding shares of O5 Systems, Inc. dba Ideal Ideal for million. Ideal is a talent intelligence software provider based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The financial results of Ideal have been included within our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date forward and are classified as a Cloud solution. The purchase accounting was considered complete as of December 31, 2021. The intangible assets consist of million of developed technology, million of trade name, and million of customer relationships. Of the goodwill associated with this acquisition, amount is deductible for income tax purposes. 

Trade receivables, prepaid expenses, and other current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 
 () 

Other non-current liabilities 
 
 () 

Total purchase price 

DataFuzion On October 4, 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of DataFuzion HCM, Inc. DataFuzion for million in cash consideration and future contingent consideration payments. The asset purchase agreement allows the sellers to receive additional payments based on 1) the go live of DataFuzion s payroll processing solution for a certain customer Milestone Payment and 2) qualifying annualized recurring revenue ARR performance generated from DataFuzion's solution at each measurement date Earn-out Payments , collectively with the Milestone Payment, the Contingent Consideration Payments ). The Milestone Payment will not exceed a payout of million whereas the Earn-out Payments are performance based and do not have an established maximum payout. The earn-out will be measured and subsequently paid annually as of June 30, with the first measurement in and the final measurement in . The fair value of the Contingent Consideration Payments was million at the date of acquisition. The purchase accounting was considered complete as of December 31, 2021 and we allocated the purchase price of million as follows: million to goodwill and million to developed technology. Of the goodwill associated with this acquisition, million is deductible for income tax purposes. ADAM HCM On December 3, 2021, we completed the acquisition of of the outstanding interests in ATI ROW, LLC and ADAM HCM MEXICO , S. de R.L. de C.V. (collectively, ADAM HCM for million. ADAM HCM is a payroll and HCM company in Latin America. We finalized the final purchase price adjustments, specifically the net working capital and tax adjustments, resulting in the completion of the purchase accounting as of June 30, 2022. Intangible assets recorded for this acquisition consist of million of customer relationships, million of developed technology, and million of trade name. Of the goodwill associated with this acquisition, million is deductible for income tax purposes. 

Trade receivables, prepaid expenses, and other current assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 
 () 

Total purchase price 

The acquisition of Ascender, Ideal, DataFuzion, and ADAM HCM were recorded using the acquisition method of accounting, in which the assets and liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair value. Additionally, after consideration of these acquisitions, management has concluded that we continue to have operating and reportable segment. This conclusion aligns with how management monitors operating performance, allocates resources, and deploys capital. Pro forma financial information is not presented as none of the acquisitions qualified as a significant business combination individually or in aggregate. 

 Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 (a) 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Liabilities 

DataFuzion contingent consideration 

(b) 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(Dollars in millions) 

Assets 

Available for sale customer funds assets 

(a) 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Liabilities 

DataFuzion contingent consideration 

(b) 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

(a) 

 (b) 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we recognized expense of million and million, respectively, within selling, general, and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations due to the remeasurement of the DataFuzion contingent consideration. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not re-measure any financial assets or liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. During the year ended December 31, 2021 , assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business combination and recognized as part of our convertible debt issuance have been measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

 Our customer funds are held and invested with the primary objectives being to protect the principal balance and to ensure adequate liquidity to meet cash flow requirements. Accordingly, we maintain on average approximately to of customer funds in liquidity portfolios with maturities ranging from one to 120 days, consisting of high-quality bank deposits, money market mutual funds, commercial paper, or collateralized short-term investments; and we maintain on average approximately to of customer funds in fixed income portfolios with maturities ranging from 120 days to 10 years, consisting of U.S. Treasury and agency securities, Canada government and provincial securities, as well as highly rated asset-backed, mortgage-backed, municipal, corporate, and bank securities. To maintain sufficient liquidity to meet payment obligations, we also have financing arrangements and may pledge fixed income securities for short-term financing. Financial Statement Presentation Investment income from invested customer funds, also referred to as float revenue or float, is a component of our compensation for providing services under agreements with our customers. Investment income from invested customer funds included in revenue amounted to million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Investment income includes interest income, realized gains and losses from sales of customer funds investments, and unrealized credit losses determined to be unrecoverable. The amortized cost of customer funds as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , is the original cost of assets acquired. 

Available for sale investments: 

U.S. government and agency securities 

() 

Canadian and provincial government securities 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Asset-backed securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Other short-term investments 

Other securities 

() 

Total available for sale investments 

() 

Invested customer funds 

() 

Receivables 

Total customer funds 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 

Gross Unrealized 

Fair 

Cost 

Gain 

Loss 

Value 

(Dollars in millions) 

Money market securities, investments carried at cost and other cash equivalents 

Available for sale investments: 

U.S. government and agency securities 

() 

Canadian and provincial government securities 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Asset-backed securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Other short-term investments 

Other securities 

() 

Total available for sale investments 

() 

Invested customer funds 

() 

Receivables 

Total customer funds 

() 

() 

Canadian and provincial government securities 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

Asset-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Other securities 

() 

() 

() 

Total available for sale investments 

() 

() 

() 

Management does not believe that any individual unrealized loss was unrecoverable as of December 31, 2022. The unrealized losses are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and not to credit deterioration. We currently do not intend to sell or expect to be required to sell the securities before the time required to recover the amortized cost. 

Due in one to three years 

Due in three to five years 

Due after five years 

Invested customer funds 

69 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

Interest receivable from invested customer funds 

Dayforce Wallet on-demand pay receivables 

Other 

Total gross receivables 

Less: reserve for sales adjustments 

() 

() 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

Trade and other receivables, net 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Charge-offs, net of recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Machinery and equipment 

Buildings and improvements 

Total property, plant, and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense related to property, plant, and equipment, net was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

Acquisitions 

Translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement from provisional purchase price accounting 

Translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Tax-deductible goodwill at December 31, 2022 

Please refer to Note 3, Business Combinations, for further discussion of our acquisitions. We perform an impairment assessment of our goodwill balances as of October 1 of each year. Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level, which is the operating segment level or one level below. We performed a qualitative assessment as of October 1, 2022 and concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is more than its carrying amount. Intangible Assets 

() 

- 

Trade name 

() 

- and 

Technology 

() 

- 

Total other intangible assets 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net 

Estimated Life Range (Years) 

(Dollars in millions) 

Customer lists and relationships 

() 

- 

Trade name 

() 

- and 

Technology 

() 

- 

Total other intangible assets 

() 

As of October 1 each year, we perform an impairment assessment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which includes our Ceridian and Dayforce trade names, which have a carrying value of million and million, respectively as of December 31, 2022. We performed a qualitative assessment as of October 1, 2022 and concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our Ceridian and Dayforce trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts. We continue to evaluate the use of our trade names and branding in our sales and marketing efforts. If there is a fundamental shift in the method of our branding in the future, we will assess the impact on the carrying amount of our trade name intangible assets to determine whether an impairment exists. If it is determined that an impairment has occurred, it would be recognized during the period in which the decision was made to make the fundamental shift. Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Long-Lived Assets by Geographic Area 

Canada 

Australia 

Other 

Total long-lived assets 

and , respectively 

Revolving Credit Facility million available capacity less amounts reserved for letters of credit, which were million and million, respectively) 

Convertible Senior Notes, interest rate of 

Australia Line of Credit (AUD million and million letter of credit capacity, respectively, which were fully utilized; USD million and USD million, respectively) 

Financing lease liabilities (Please refer to Note 15) 

Total debt 

Less unamortized discount on Term Debt and Convertible Senior Notes (a) 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs on Term Debt and Convertible Senior Notes (a) 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

a) 

 Accrued interest and fees related to our debt obligations was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included within Other accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. Senior Secured Credit Facility Principal Amounts and Maturity Dates On April 30, 2018, we completed the refinancing of our debt by entering into a new credit agreement. Pursuant to the new credit agreement, we became borrower of (i) a million term loan debt facility (the Term Debt and (ii) a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility (collectively, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). Our obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are secured by first priority security interests in substantially all of our assets and the domestic subsidiary guarantors, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions. The Term Debt will mature on . We are required to make annual amortization payments in respect of the Term Debt in an amount equal to of the original principal amount thereof, payable in equal quarterly installments of of the original principal amount of the first lien term debt. On December 15, 2021, we completed the second amendment to our Senior Secured Credit Facility, which extended the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility from to . The Revolving Credit Facility does not require amortization payments. Interest The effective interest rate on the Term Debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was and , respectively. The Term Debt was initially subject to an interest rate of LIBOR plus . As a result of a ratings upgrade on March 26, 2019, of our Senior Secured Credit Facility by Moody s Investor Service, from B3 to B2, the Company s floating rate to LIBOR plus , so long as the rating is maintained. On February 19, 2020, we completed the first amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facility in which the interest rate was reduced from LIBOR plus to LIBOR plus . Further, the interest rate trigger under the applicable rating by Moody s Investor Service was removed by the first amendment. Financing Costs and Issuance Discounts In connection with our debt refinancing in 2018, we capitalized million of additional financing costs. The Term Debt had associated unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million at December 31, 2022, and 2021 , respectively, which are being amortized at an effective interest rate of . In connection with the second amendment in 2021, we capitalized million of additional financing costs. Collateral and Guarantees The Senior Secured Credit Facility names us as the sole borrower and is unconditionally guaranteed by our domestic, wholly-owned financially material restricted subsidiaries, subject to certain customary exceptions. The Senior Secured Credit Facility is secured by a perfected first priority security interest, subject to certain exceptions (including customer funds), in substantially all of our and the subsidiary guarantors tangible and intangible assets. The security interest includes a pledge of the capital stock of certain of our direct and indirect material restricted subsidiaries. Representations, Warranties and Covenants The documents governing the Senior Secured Credit Facility contain certain customary representations and warranties. In addition, those documents contain customary covenants restricting our ability and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness, issue disqualified stock and preferred stock; create liens; declare dividends; redeem capital stock; make investments; engage in a materially different line of business; engage in certain mergers, consolidations, acquisitions, asset sales, or other fundamental changes; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; enter into certain restrictive agreements; make prepayments on any subordinated indebtedness; modify junior financing documentation; and make changes to our fiscal year. Events of Default Events of default under the Senior Secured Credit Facility documents include, but are not limited to: failure to pay interest, principal and fees, or other amounts when due; material breach of any representation or warranty; covenant defaults; cross defaults to other material indebtedness; events of bankruptcy, invalidity of security interests; a change of control; material judgments for payment of money; involuntary acceleration of any debt; and other customary events of default. There were no events of default as of December 31, 2022. Convertible Senior Notes In March 2021, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pursuant to exemptions from the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws, including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase an additional million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (collectively, the Convertible Senior Notes ). per year and interest is payable in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on . The Convertible Senior Notes mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The total net proceeds from the offering, after deducting initial purchase discounts and other debt issuance costs, were million. The Convertible Senior Notes are unsecured obligations and do not contain any financial covenants or restrictions on the payments of dividends, the incurrence of indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of securities by us or any of our subsidiaries. Principal 
 
 Initial Conversion Price per Share 

Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 shares 

The Convertible Senior Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time only under the following circumstances: During any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021, if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 

 During the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; 

 Upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the Indenture under which the Convertible Senior Notes were issued; 

 If we call such Convertible Senior Notes for redemption; or 

 At any time from, and including, September 15, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 

 Upon conversion, we may satisfy the conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture under which the Convertible Senior Notes were issued. On December 30, 2021, we notified the holders of the Convertible Senior Notes of our irrevocable election to settle the conversion obligations in connection with the Convertible Senior Notes submitted for conversion on or after January 1, 2022, or at maturity with a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. Generally, under this settlement method, the conversion value will be settled in cash in an amount no less than the principal amount being converted, and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount will be settled, at the Company's election, in cash or shares of our common stock. The conditions allowing holders of the Convertible Senior Notes to convert have not been met and therefore were not convertible as of December 31, 2022. We may not redeem the Convertible Senior Notes prior to March 20, 2024. On or after March 20, 2024, and on or before the 30th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, we may redeem the Convertible Senior Notes at a cash purchase price equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, but only if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (1) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date we send the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date we send such notice. In addition, calling any Convertible Senior Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Convertible Senior Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Convertible Senior Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. If a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture under which the Convertible Senior Notes were issued) occurs, then noteholders may require us to repurchase their Convertible Senior Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. On January 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective transition method. Under such transition, prior-period information has not been retrospectively adjusted for this change in accounting guidance. Upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Convertible Senior Notes are accounted for as a single liability, and the carrying amount of the Convertible Senior Notes was million as of December 31, 2022 , with principal of million, net of issuance costs of million. The Convertible Senior Notes are included within long-term debt, less current portion in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 . The issuance costs related to the Convertible Senior Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the Convertible Senior Notes at an effective interest rate of . 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total 

Capped Calls In March 2021, in connection with the pricing of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with the option counterparties (the Capped Calls ). The Capped Calls each have an initial strike price of per share, and an initial cap price of per share, both subject to certain adjustments. The capped call transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any potential cash payments we would be required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Senior Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the cap price. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of the Convertible Senior Notes. As the Capped Calls qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting for instruments that are both indexed to the issuer's own stock and classified in stockholder s equity in our consolidated balance sheet, we have recorded an amount of million as a reduction to additional paid-in capital, which will not be remeasured. This represents the premium of million paid for the purchase of the Capped Calls, net of the deferred tax impact of million. Other Information Relating to Indebtedness Future Payments and Maturities of Debt 

2024 

2025 

2026 

We may be required to make additional payments on the Term Debt from various sources, including proceeds of certain indebtedness which may be incurred from time to time, certain asset sales, and a certain percentage of cash flow. There is an excess cash flow calculation associated with the Term Debt, and based on this calculation, we are not required to make a prepayment on the Term Debt in 2023. Fair Value of Debt Our debt does not trade in active markets and was considered to be a Level 2 measurement at December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Term Debt was based on the borrowing rates currently available to us for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities and the limited trades of our debt. The fair value of the Convertible Senior Notes was determined based on the closing trading price per of the Convertible Senior Notes as of the last day of trading for the period and is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock and market interest rates. The fair value of our debt was estimated to be million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Other Debt Financing Ceridian Australia had available a bank credit facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit. The credit facility is a discretionary line at the option of the bank. The amount of letters of credit capacity and letters of credit outstanding under this facility were AUD million (USD million) and AUD million (USD million) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to employer contributions to these plans. Defined Benefit Plans We maintain defined benefit pension plans covering certain of our current and former U.S. employees (the U.S. pension plan and nonqualified defined benefit plan, collectively referred to as our defined benefit plans ), as well as other postretirement benefit plans for certain U.S. retired employees that include heath care and life insurance benefits. Pension Benefits The largest defined benefit pension plan (the U.S. pension plan is a defined benefit plan for certain current and former U.S. employees that closed to new participants on January 2, 1995. In 2007, the U.S. pension plan was amended (1) to exclude from further participation any participant or former participant who was not employed by Ceridian or another participating employer on January 1, 2008, (2) to discontinue participant contributions, and (3) to freeze the accrual of additional benefits as of December 31, 2007. The measurement date for pension benefit plans is December 31. Assets of the U.S. pension plan are held in an irrevocable trust and do not include any Ceridian securities. Benefits under this plan are generally calculated on final or career average earnings and years of participation in the plan. Most participating employees were required to permit salary reduction contributions to the plan on their behalf by the employer as a condition of active participation. Retirees and other former employees are inactive participants in this plan and constitute approximately of the plan participants. This plan is funded in accordance with funding requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, based on determinations of a third-party consulting actuary. Investment of the U.S. pension plan assets in Ceridian securities is prohibited by the investment policy. As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. defined benefit plan is fully funded. In addition to the U.S. defined benefit plan, we also sponsor a nonqualified supplemental defined benefit plan (the nonqualified defined benefit plan ), which is unfunded and provides benefits to selected U.S. employees. We made contributions to the nonqualified defined benefit plan amounting to million in 2022 and expect to make contributions of million during 2023. We account for our defined benefit plans using actuarial models . These models use an attribution approach that generally spreads the effect of individual events over the estimated life expectancy of the employees in such plans. These events include plan amendments and changes in actuarial assumptions such as the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate related to the benefit obligation, and mortality rates. One of the principal components of the net periodic pension calculation is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The required use of expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized pension income that is greater or less than the actual returns of those plan assets in any given year. Over time, however, the expected long-term returns are designed to approximate the actual long-term returns that contribute to the settlement of the liability. Differences between actual and expected returns are recognized in the net periodic pension calculation over three years. We use long-term historical actual return information, the mix of investments that comprise plan assets, and future estimates of long-term investment returns by reference to external sources to develop our expected return on plan assets. The discount rate assumption is used to determine the benefit obligation and the interest portion of the net periodic pension cost (credit) for the following year. We utilize a full yield curve approach for our discount rate assumption by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 , a basis point decrease in the discount rate would result in an immaterial impact to expense for all pension plans. At December 31, 2021, we updated our mortality assumptions utilizing an improvement scale issued by the Society of Actuaries in October 2021 , which resulted in a million increase in the projected benefit obligation. The mortality assumption was not updated at December 31, 2022. The funded status of defined benefit plans represents the difference between the projected benefit obligation PBO and the plan assets at fair value. The PBO of defined benefit plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets by million at December 31, 2022; whereas the fair value of plan assets exceeded the PBO of defined benefit plans by million at December 31, 2021. We are required to record the funded status as an asset or liability in our consolidated balance sheets and recognize the change in the funded status in comprehensive income, net of deferred income taxes. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Next five years 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Benefits paid and plan expenses 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets During the Year: 

Plan assets at fair value at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid and plan expenses 

() 

() 

Plan assets at fair value at end of year 

Funded status of plans 

() 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Amounts recognized in Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Noncurrent asset 

Current liability 

Noncurrent liability 

Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax of million and million, respectively 

The overall decrease in our benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by benefit payments paid, plan expenses, and actuarial gains. 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Tax expense 

() 

Other comprehensive loss (income), net of tax 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Assumptions Used in Calculations 

Discount rate used to determine net benefit cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Discount rate used to determine benefit obligations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net Periodic Pension Cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss amortization 

Less: Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net periodic pension cost 

Our overall investment strategy for the U.S. pension plan is to achieve a mix of approximately for liability hedging purposes, of investments for long term growth, and for near-term benefit payments. Target asset allocations are based upon actuarial and capital market studies performed by experienced outside consultants. The target allocations for the long term growth assets are public equity, fixed income, and alternative investments. Specifically, the target allocation is managed through investments in fixed income securities, equity funds, collective investment funds, partnerships and other investment types. The underlying equity securities include exposure to large/mid-cap companies and small-cap companies. Fixed income securities include emerging market debt and high yield debt securities. The alternative investment strategy is allocated to investments in hedge funds. The liability hedging portfolio fair value is intended to move in a direction that substantially offsets the increase or decrease in the liabilities resulting from changes in interest rates. To achieve this objective, the portfolio will invest in corporate debt securities, U.S. Treasury strips and various interest rate derivatives contracts. We hire outside managers to manage all assets of the U.S. defined benefit plan. In determining the fair values of the defined benefit plan s assets, we calculate the fair value of certain investments using net asset value NAV per share. Mutual funds are valued at the NAV, which is based on the readily determinable fair value of the underlying securities owned by the fund. The NAV unit price is quoted on a private market or one that is not active. The NAV represents the value at which the defined benefit plan initiates a transaction. These investments do not have any significant unfunded commitments, conditions or restrictions on redemption, or any other significant restriction on their sale. 

Government securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Collective investment funds 

Total investments, at fair value 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(Dollars in millions) 

Investments, at fair value: 

Short-term investments 

Government securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Collective investment funds 

Total investments, at fair value 

Postretirement Benefits We provide health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retired employees, including individuals who retired from operations we subsequently sold or discontinued. We sponsor several health care plans in the United States for both pre- and post-age 65 retirees. The contributions to these plans differ for various groups of retirees and future retirees. Most retirees outside of the U.S. are covered by governmental health care programs, and our cost is not significant. The measurement date for postretirement benefit plans is December 31. The discount rate assumption is used to determine the benefit obligation and the interest portion of the net periodic postretirement cost (credit) for the following year. We utilize a full yield curve approach for our discount rate assumption by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 , a basis point decrease in the discount rate would result in an immaterial impact on expense for the postretirement plan. 

Interest cost 

Participant contributions 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

At end of year 

Change in Plan Assets: 

At beginning of year 

Company contributions 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

At end of year 

Funded Status 

() 

() 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Amounts recognized in Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Current liability 

Noncurrent liability 

Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), net of tax of million and million, respectively 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial gain 

Tax benefit 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (gain) loss, net of tax 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Prior service credit amortization 

() 

() 

Net periodic postretirement benefit gain 

() 

() 

() 
 
 for pre-age 65 retirees and for post-age 65 retirees. These rates are assumed to decrease gradually to the ultimate health care cost trend rate of 4.5 in for both groups. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Assumptions Used in Calculations 

Weighted average discount rate used to determine net periodic postretirement cost (credit) 

Weighted average discount rate used to determine benefit obligation at measurement date 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Next five years 

81 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 stock options outstanding under the 2007 SIP. On April 24, 2018, in connection with the IPO, the Board of Directors approved the Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 2018 EIP ), which authorized the issuance of up t o shares of common stock to eligible participants through equity awards (the Share Reserve ). The 2018 EIP serves as a successor to the 2013 SIP as we ceased granting awards under the 2013 SIP as of April 24, 2018, and we do not intend to grant any additional awards under the 2013 SIP. Most of our equity awards under the 2013 EIP and 2018 EIP vest either annually or quarterly on a pro rata basis, generally over a one -, three -, four -, or period or on a specific date if certain performance criteria are satisfied and certain equity values are attained. In addition, upon termination of service, all vested awards must be exercised generally within after termination, or these awards will be forfeited. The equity awards have a contractual term, and the options have an exercise price that is not less than the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. The Share Reserve may be increased on March 31 of each of the first ten calendar years during the term of the 2018 EIP, by the lesser of (i) percent of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding on each January 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (ii) such number of shares of our common stock determined by the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the evergreen refresh provision of the 2018 EIP, on February 23, 2022, the Board of Directors approved an increase to the share reserve of the percent of the number of shares of common stock outstanding on January 31, 2022 to take place on March 31, 2022. Further, our Board of Directors approved an amendment effective April 1, 2022, to remove the evergreen refresh provision of the 2018 EIP. As of December 31, 2022 , there were stock options and RSUs outstanding under the 2013 SIP. We do not intend to grant any additional awards under the 2007 SIP or the 2013 SIP. As of December 31, 2022 , there were stock options, RSUs, and PSUs outstanding and shares available for future grants of equity awards under the 2018 EIP. Share-based compensation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Performance-Based Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Performance-based options outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Performance-based options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Performance-based options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Performance-based options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

In 2020, performance-based stock options Performance Option Award were granted under the 2018 EIP with an exercise price of . shares available to vest when our per share closing price on the NYSE meets or exceeds , or 1.7 times the exercise price, for ten consecutive trading days Performance Metric #1 and (ii) the remaining shares are available to vest when our per share closing price on the NYSE meets or exceeds , or 2.0 times the exercise price, for ten consecutive trading days Performance Metric #2 , collectively with Performance Metric #1, the Performance Metrics ). The vesting conditions of the Performance Metrics must be achieved prior to May 8, 2025, or any unvested portion of the Performance Option Award will terminate. Further, no portion of the Performance Option Award will vest and become exercisable until May 8, 2023, the third anniversary of the Grant Date (the Time-Based Metric ). The shares underlying Performance Metric #1, which was achieved on October 6, 2021, will vest and become exercisable on May 8, 2023 provided that continuous employment is maintained through that date. If Performance Metric #2 is met prior to satisfying the Time-Based Metric, the shares underlying Performance Metric #2 will vest and become exercisable on May 8, 2023 provided that continuous employment is maintained through that date. If the Time-Based Metric is met and Performance Metric #2 has not been met on or prior to May 8, 2025, the Performance Option Award will be terminated. We have estimated an expected term of years, based on the vesting period and contractual term. The remaining performance-based stock options granted during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, under the 2018 EIP primarily include vesting conditions based on migrations of customers to Dayforce. There are tranches of stock options, in which the vesting conditions must be met either prior to September 13, 2021, or September 13, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of these performance-based stock options granted in 2020 was per share. The performance criteria for certain of these awards have been met and share-based compensation expense was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of share-based compensation expense related to unvested performance-based stock option awards not yet recognized, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Term-Based Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

() 

Term-based options outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

() 

Term-based options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

() 

Term-based options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Term-based options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Expected dividend rate 

Risk-free interest rate 

For stock options granted under the 2013 SIP and 2018 EIP, we estimated an expected term of years, based on the vesting period and contractual life. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of share-based compensation expense related to unvested term-based awards not yet recognized, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022 , there were vested term-based stock options. Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Shares issued upon vesting of RSUs 

() 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Shares issued upon vesting of RSUs 

() 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Shares issued upon vesting of RSUs 

() 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 

RSUs releasable at December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 , RSUs vested, of which shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31, 2022 , there were RSUs vested and releasable. RSUs generally vest quarterly or annually over a one -, three -, or period. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of share-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs not yet recognized, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Performance Stock Units 

Granted 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Shares issued upon vesting of PSUs 

() 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Shares issued upon vesting of PSUs 

() 

Forfeited or canceled 

() 

PSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 

PSUs releasable at December 31, 2022 

The vesting conditions for the PSUs granted in 2020 were based on the Company s performance against Cloud revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin goals under Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2020 Management Incentive Plan (the 2020 MIP for the incentive period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. The vesting conditions for the PSUs were not met for the 2020 incentive period and as a result, the PSUs did t vest and share-based compensation expense was recognized for these awards during the year ended December 31, 2020. In 2021, we granted PSUs under the Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2021 Management Incentive Plan (the 2021 MIP for the incentive period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, and also as part of long term incentive grants to certain members of management. Under the 2021 MIP, the vesting conditions were based on our performance criteria, including Cloud revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin goals. The maximum incentive vesting of PSUs may not exceed . Both the Cloud revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin goals were calculated based on our operating results, adjusted for foreign currency and interest rate impacts plus other unique impacts as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Upon vesting of a PSU, a participant will receive shares of our common stock. Based on the performance criteria achieved, most of the PSUs vested in March 2022 and share-based compensation was recognized in accordance with the achievement level. One-third of the PSUs granted in 2021 as part of long term incentive grants to certain members of management vested on , and will vest on each , and . On February 24, 2022, we granted PSUs under the 2022 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. Management Incentive Plan (the 2022 MIP for the incentive period of January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, and also as part of long term incentive grants to certain members of management. The vesting conditions were based on the following performance criteria: (1) the Cloud revenue, excluding float revenue (the Cloud Revenue Goal (2) the adjusted EBITDA, excluding float revenue (the Adjusted EBITDA Goal ), and (3) the Sales per employee per month PEPM annual contract value ACV (the Sales PEPM ACV Goal ), for fiscal year 2022 (collectively the Performance Goals ). Both the Cloud Revenue Goal and the Adjusted EBITDA Goal are calculated based on our operating results on a constant currency basis as adjusted to exclude: float revenue; foreign exchange gain (loss); share-based compensation expense and related employer taxes; severance charges; restructuring consulting fees; significant acquisitions or disposals and related transaction costs; as well as other non-recurring items, subject to the Board of Directors approval. The Sales PEPM ACV Goal is calculated based on the sales of our solutions on a constant currency basis that contribute to Cloud recurring revenue. The vesting conditions for the PSU awards granted in 2022 were determined based on our performance against the achievement of the Performance Goals, and the payout that a participant can receive may be between for not meeting the applicable thresholds of any of the Performance Goals, up to a maximum total payout of for achieving the maximum level of all of the Performance Goals. Upon vesting of a PSU, a participant will receive shares of our common stock. Based on the performance criteria achieved, most of the PSUs related to the 2022 MIP and one-third of the PSUs related to the long term incentive grants to certain members of management are expected to vest in March 2023 and share-based compensation was recognized in accordance with the achievement level. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of share-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs not recognized related to certain members of management with long term incentive PSUs that have a vesting period. Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan On November 9, 2018, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the GESPP ), which authorizes the issuance of up to shares of common stock to eligible participants through purchases via payroll deductions. of the fair market value of a share of common stock on (i) January 1 or (ii) the purchase date. The GESPP shall continue for , unless terminated sooner as provided under the GESPP. During 2022, shares were purchased on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. 

Weighted average purchase price (per share) 

Expected dividend rate 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

Grant date fair value per share 

Cloud offerings, Dayforce and Powerpay. The Dayforce offering is a single application with continuous calculation that offers a comprehensive range of functionality, including global HR, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent intelligence on web and native iOS and Android platforms. Dayforce recurring revenue is primarily generated from monthly recurring fees charged on a PEPM basis and the allocation of investment income generated from holding Dayforce customer funds before funds are remitted to taxing authorities, Dayforce customer employees, or other third parties. Dayforce professional services and other revenue is primarily generated from implementation and post go-live professional services revenue. Other sources of Dayforce revenues include revenue from the sale, rental and maintenance of time clocks; revenue from the sale of third-party services; billable travel expenses for Dayforce customers, and Dayforce Wallet interchange fee revenue. The Powerpay offering is our solution designed primarily for small market Canadian customers, which typically have fewer than employees. Powerpay recurring revenue is primarily generated from recurring fees charged on a per-employee, per-process basis and the allocation of investment income generated from holding Powerpay customer funds before funds are remitted to taxing authorities, Powerpay customer employees, or other third parties. Typical processes include the customer s payroll runs, year-end tax packages, and delivery of customers remittance advices or checks. Powerpay professional services revenue is primarily generated from the setup of the Powerpay customer on their platform. 

 Bureau revenue is generated primarily from solutions delivered via a service-bureau model. These solutions are delivered via primary service lines: payroll, payroll-related tax filing services, and outsourced human resource solutions. Revenue from payroll services is generated from recurring fees charged on a per-process basis. Typical processes include the customer s payroll runs, year-end tax packages, and delivery of customers remittance advices or checks. In addition to customers who use our payroll services, certain customers use our tax filing services on a stand-alone basis. As a result of a modernization upgrade of the technology platforms used to provide those services, recurring revenues from stand-alone tax customers will be classified as Dayforce revenue on a go-forward basis, beginning in 2023. Our outsourced human resource solutions are tailored to meet the needs of individual customers, and entail our contracting to perform many of the duties of a customer s human resources department, including payroll processing, time and labor management, performance management, and recruiting. We also perform individual services for customers, such as check printing, wage attachment and disbursement, and Affordable Care Act ACA management. Additional items included in Bureau revenue are fees for custom professional services to Bureau customers; the allocation of investment income generated from holding Bureau customer funds before funds are remitted to taxing authorities, Bureau customer employees, or other third parties; consulting services related to Bureau offerings; revenue from the sale of third party services to Bureau customers; and Excelity revenue. 

 Customer Information single customer accounts for or more of our consolidated revenue for any of the periods presented. 

Professional services and other 

Total Dayforce revenue 

Powerpay 

Recurring 

Professional services and other 

Total Powerpay revenue 

Total Cloud revenue 

Bureau 

Recurring 

Professional services and other 

Total Bureau revenue 

Total revenue 

Recurring revenue includes float revenue of million, million, and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Revenue by Geographic Area 

Canada 

Other 

Total revenue 

Contract Balances The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized for professional services or cloud recurring subscription performance obligations exceed the contractual amount of billings for implementation related professional services and recurring subscriptions. Contract assets were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract assets expected to be recognized in revenue within twelve months are included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets, with the remaining contract assets included within Other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred Revenue 

New billings 

Acquired billings 

Revenue recognized 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue, end of period 

Transaction Price for Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2022 , approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized over the next from remaining performance obligations, which represents contracted revenue for recurring services and fixed price professional services, primarily implementation services, that has not yet been recognized, including deferred revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss before income taxes and reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Reclassifications to earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss before income taxes and reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Reclassifications to earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

89 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

International 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit): 

Current: 

U.S. 

() 

State and local 

International 

() 

Total current income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Deferred: 

U.S. 

() 

() 

State and local 

() 

() 

International 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Share-based compensation 

() 

() 

International tax rate differential 

() 

Foreign capital gain income 

() 

() 

Unremitted foreign earnings 

Acquisition costs 

() 

Base erosion tax 

() 

() 

Global intangible low taxed income 

() 

Reserve for tax contingencies 

Change in tax rate 

Unutilized tax benefits 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total tax rate 

() 

Our income tax provision represents federal, state, and international taxes on our income recognized for financial statement purposes and includes the effects of temporary differences between financial statement income and income recognized for tax return purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to reflect the net deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized. In assessing the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets and the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of pre-tax book income, expiration of net operating losses, changes in our debt and equity structure, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, as well as current tax laws. As of December 31, 2022 , we have a valuation allowance of million against certain deferred tax assets primarily consisting of million for deferred tax assets attributable to previous business combinations, and million attributable to state net operating loss carryovers. 

Intangibles 

Software development costs 

Customer funds 

Other 

Foreign tax credit carryover and other credit carryovers 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total gross deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liability: 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Deferred contract costs 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in millions) 

Net Deferred Tax by Geography 

U.S. 

International 

() 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 , we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryovers, which will reduce future taxable income when utilized. Approximately million in net federal tax benefit is available from the loss carryovers and an additional million is available in tax credit carryovers. million of the federal net operating loss tax benefit will expire from 2031 to 2037 . The remaining million has an indefinite carryover period. The state loss carryovers and foreign loss carryovers will result in a tax benefit of approximately million and million, respectively, when utilized. The state net operating loss carryovers will begin to expire in 2023 . The majority of the foreign operating loss carryovers have an indefinite carryover period. The million tax credit carryover is composed of a variety of credits most of which expire between 2027 and 2042 . We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various states and foreign jurisdictions. 

Increase prior period positions 

Increase current period positions 

Decrease prior period positions 

() 

Ending unrecognized tax benefits 

There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of tax audits or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. As of December 31, 2022 , we have million of unremitted foreign earnings. We consider all the unremitted earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. Because all unremitted earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested, no deferred tax liability has been recorded. It is not practical to make a determination of any unrecognized tax liability because of the complexities of the hypothetical calculation. 

 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases beginning 2019 and later, we account for lease components separately from the non-lease components. Most leases include options to renew, and the lease renewal is at our sole discretion. Therefore, the depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements is limited by the expected lease term unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. We rent or sublease certain real estate to third parties. Our sublease portfolio mainly consists of operating leases for space within our office facilities. As a result of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 and our pivot to a virtual working environment, we evaluated our lease portfolio resulting in the decision to close certain office locations and transition the impacted employees to fully virtual work. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized million of charges related to lease abandonment costs, and during the year end December 31, 2020, we recognized million of charges, which was comprised of million of accelerated amortization of the right of use assets and million of accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements, related to the abandonment of the leases associated with these office locations. These charges were recognized within selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. On December 15, 2021, we sold the office building, land, and fixed assets of our St. Petersburg, Florida facility for million, less fees and expenses, resulting in a gain on the sale of million, which was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations within selling, general, and administrative expense. Upon the sale of the building, we entered into a agreement to lease a portion of the building as of the sale date. 

Operating lease assets 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Operating lease assets 
 
 Right of use lease asset 

Financing lease assets 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current 

Financing lease liabilities 
 
 Current portion of long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 Current portion of long-term lease liabilities 

Noncurrent 

Financing lease liabilities 
 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 Long-term lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total lease liabilities 

Financing lease cost: 

Depreciation of lease assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 

Net lease cost 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Total 

Financing leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Financing leases 

Environmental Matters We accrue for losses associated with environmental remediation obligations when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. Accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than completion of the remedial feasibility study. Such accruals are adjusted as further information develops or circumstances change. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value. In February 1988, our predecessor entered into an arrangement with Northern Engraving Corporation NEC and the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency MPCA in relation to groundwater contamination on a parcel of real estate sold by our predecessor to NEC. We are now responsible for the arrangement with NEC and the MPCA. The arrangement requires expense sharing between us and NEC for the remediation of groundwater contamination. In September 1989, our predecessor entered into an environmental matters agreement EMA with Seagate related to groundwater contamination on a parcel of real estate sold by our predecessor to Seagate. We are now responsible for the EMA. The EMA requires expense sharing between us and Seagate for the remediation of groundwater contamination up to a certain limit. We have recognized an environmental reserve liability equal to the EMA limit. We have recognized an undiscounted liability of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets to comply with the NEC arrangement and EMA described above. The ultimate cost, however, will depend on the extent of continued monitoring activities as these projects progress. 

95 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

The Stronach Group 
 
 The brother of David D. Ossip, our Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer, was formerly the chief executive officer, and is currently a minority shareholder 

Verve Senior Living 
 
 David D. Ossip, our Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer, and his brother are currently minority shareholders 

Environmental 360 Solutions 
 
 David D. Ossip's, our Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer, brother is a board member 

Fidelity National Financial, Inc. 
 
 Shared board members 

Guaranteed Rate, Inc. 
 
 Portfolio company of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. THL ), of which certain members of our board are managing directors 

HighTower Advisors, LLC 
 
 Portfolio company of THL, of which certain members of our board are managing directors. One board member also serves on the board of the counter-party 

Ten-X, LLC 
 
 Portfolio company of THL, of which certain members of our board are managing directors 

Smile Doctors 
 
 Portfolio company of THL, of which certain members of our board are managing directors 

The Dun and Bradstreet Corporation 
 
 Shared board members with Dun Bradstreet Holdings, Inc., which owns the counter-party 

Manulife Financial 
 
 Shared board members. Leagh E. Turner, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, also serves as a director 

and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Holders of our common stock are entitled to the rights set forth as follows. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes entitled to be cast except as set forth below with respect to directors to be elected by the holders of common stock. Our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise provided in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as required by law, all matters to be voted on by our stockholders other than matters relating to the elections and removal of directors must be approved by a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter or by a written resolution of the stockholders representing the number of affirmative votes required for such matter at a meeting. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for additional shares. All holders of our common stock are entitled to share equally on a share-for-share basis in any assets available for distribution to common stockholders upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. All outstanding shares are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. For the calculation of diluted net loss per share, net loss per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including awards under our share-based compensation plans. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the resulting net loss by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 our potential dilutive shares, such as term-based stock options, RSUs, and PSUs were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect of including these shares in the calculation would have been anti-dilutive.) 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic 

Effect of dilutive equity instruments 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted 

Net loss per share - basic 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share - diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Restricted stock units 

Performance stock units 

The shares underlying the conversion option in the Convertible Senior Notes were not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. Based on the initial conversion price, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes as of December 31, 2022, would have been convertible into approximately million shares of our common stock. Since we expect to settle the principle amount of the Convertible Senior Notes in cash, we use the treasury stock method for calculating any potential dilutive effect on diluted net income per share, if applicable. As a result, only the amount by which the conversion value exceeds the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes (the conversion spread is considered in the diluted earnings per share computation. The conversion spread has a dilutive impact on diluted net income per share when the average market price of our common stock for a given period exceeds the initial conversion price of per share for the Convertible Senior Notes. We excluded the potentially dilutive effect of the conversion spread of the Convertible Senior Notes as the average market price of our common stock during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was less than the conversion price of the Convertible Senior Notes. In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes, we entered into Capped Calls, which were not included for purposes of calculating the number of diluted shares outstanding, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

98 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Ascender. Prior to this acquisition, Ascender was a privately-held company not subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the rules and regulations of the SEC, or other corporate governance requirements to which public companies may be subject. In accordance with guidance issued by the SEC, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their final assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the year of acquisition. As of the end of fiscal 2022, we have completed our integration activities related to internal control over financial reporting for Ascender. Accordingly, we have included Ascender within our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 With the exception of internal control-related integration activities related to our acquisition of Ascender, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 99 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

100 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Directors 
 The information provided under the headings Election of Directors under Proposal One and Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement for Ceridian s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement ), is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 in Part I of this Form 10-K captioned Executive Officers . 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics known as the Code of Conduct that applies to all employees, contractors, officers and directors of Ceridian. The Code of Conduct may be viewed online on Ceridian s website https://www.ceridian.com/Ceridian/media/Files/ceridian-code-of-conduct-2018.pdf . We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer by posting such information on our website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 Director Nomination Process 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board. 
 Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The information provided under the subheadings Committees of the Board of Directors under the Board of Directors heading and Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors under Proposal Three in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in Ceridian s Proxy Statement under the headings Director Compensation , Executive Compensation , Equity Compensation Plan Information , and Corporate Governance . 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . 
 
 101 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions , Election of Directors under Proposal One, Board of Directors and Corporate Governance . 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of the Appointment of KPMG LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Year 2023 under Proposal Three. 

102 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financi al Statement Schedules. 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 herein. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 9, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 24, 2018). 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2018, by and among Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 24, 2018). 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2021, between Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 5, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Form of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 5, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated April 30, 2018, between Ceridian HCM Holding Inc., as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch (as administrative agent and collateral agent) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 9, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 19, 2020, between Ceridian HCM Holding Inc., as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch (as administrative agent and collateral agent) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 6, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2021, between Ceridian HCM Holding Inc., as borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch (as administrative agent and collateral agent) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 16, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Capped Call Transaction Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 5, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 2, 2012, by and between Ceridian Dayforce Corporation and David D. Ossip (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on March 26, 2018). 

10.6 
 
 Performance-Based Stock Option Award Agreement dated May 8, 2020 by and between Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and David Ossip (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 5, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Restrictive Covenant Agreement, effective as of March 20, 2017, by and among Ceridian Holding LLC, Ceridian LLC, Ceridian Canada Ltd., Ceridian Dayforce Corporation and David D. Ossip (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on March 26, 2018). 

103 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 9, 2022, between Leagh E. Turner and Ceridian Canada Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 9, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 1, 2019, by and between Chris R. Armstrong and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on July 30, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2019, by and between Christopher R. Armstrong and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2020). 

10.11 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective February 3, 2020, between Christopher R. Armstrong and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 5, 2020). 

10.12 
 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective February 23, 2022, between Christopher R. Armstrong and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 4, 2022). 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 15, 2020, by and between Noe mie C. Heuland and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on November 5, 2020). 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective July 30, 2020, between Joseph B. Korngiebel and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective February 26, 2021, between Rakesh Subramanian and Ceridian HCM, Inc., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective March 15, 2021, between Rakesh Subramanian and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 5, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective June 7, 2021, between William McDonald and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 4, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 27, 2019, between Stephen Holdridge and Ceridian HCM, Inc. 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective February 23, 2022, between Stephen Holdridge and Ceridian HCM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 4, 2022). 

10.20 
 
 2013 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, dated October 1, 2013, and as amended on March 30, 2016, August 11, 2016, December 30, 2016, and March 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on March 26, 2018). 

10.21 
 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement for Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on April 12, 2018). 

10.22 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of April 1, 2022)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 4, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on April 12, 2018). 

10.24 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for awards made after May 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on July 30, 2019). 

10.25 
 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for annual compensation awards made after May 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Reported on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 5, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Canadian executive awards made after February 25, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2021). 

104 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.27 
 
 Form of Director Stock Option Award Agreement (for annual compensation awards made after May 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Reported on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 5, 2020). 

10.28 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Canadian executive awards made after February 25, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (for Canadian executive awards made after January 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on April 12, 2018). 

10.31 
 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on April 12, 2018). 

10.32 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement (for awards made after February 25, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2021 . 

10.33 
 
 Form of Employee Performance-Based Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Reported on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 5, 2020). 

10.34 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 10, 2020). 

10.35 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for awards made after February 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (for awards made after January 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022). 

10.37 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 2, 2020). 

10.38 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (for awards made after February 25, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 26, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement (for awards made after January 1, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022). 

10.40 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Company on November 28, 2018). 

10.41 
 
 Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2022 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 24, 2022). 

10.42 # 
 
 Sales Incentive Plan for Rakesh Subramanian, effective February 23, 2022 (redacted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed by the Company on May 4, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

105 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 

32.3 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 # Confidential portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

106 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

CERIDIAN HCM HOLDING INC. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David D. Ossip 

Name: David D. Ossip 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Leagh E. Turner 

Name: Leagh E. Turner 

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Noe mie C. Heuland and William E. McDonald, or any of them, each acting alone, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 107 | 2022 Form 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David D. Ossip 
 
 Chair and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

David D. Ossip 

/s/ Leagh E. Turner 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Leagh E. Turner 

/s/ Noe mie C. Heuland 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Noe mie C. Heuland 

/s/ Jeffrey S. Jacobs 
 
 Head of Accounting and Financial Reporting (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jeffrey S. Jacobs 

/s/ Brent B. Bickett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Brent B. Bickett 

/s/ Ronald F. Clarke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ronald F. Clarke 

/s/ Deborah A. Farrington 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Deborah A. Farrington 

/s/ Thomas M. Hagerty 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Thomas M. Hagerty 

/s/ Linda P. Mantia 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Linda P. Mantia 

/s/ Ganesh B. Rao 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ganesh B. Rao 

/s/ Andrea S. Rosen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Andrea S. Rosen 

/s/ Gerald C. Throop 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Gerald C. Throop 

108 | 2022 Form 10-K 

<EX-4>
 2
 cday-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

EXHIBIT 4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): Common Stock. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 The following description of the Company s Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is also an exhibit. 
 
 Authorized Capitalization 
 
 The Company s authorized capital stock consists of (i) 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes entitled to be cast except as set forth below with respect to directors to be elected by the holders of Common Stock. The Company s stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights. Except as otherwise provided in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or as required by law, all matters to be voted on by the Company s stockholders other than matters relating to the election and removal of directors must be approved by a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter or by a written resolution of the stockholders representing the number of affirmative votes required for such matter at a meeting. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Holders of Common Stock share equally in any dividend declared by the Company s board of directors (the Board ), subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets, or winding up of the Company s affairs, holders of Common Stock would be entitled to share ratably in the Company s assets that are legally available for distribution to stockholders after payment of liabilities. If the Company has any preferred stock outstanding at such time, holders of the preferred stock may be entitled to distribution and/or liquidation preferences. In either such case, the Company must pay the applicable distribution to the holders of preferred stock before the Company may pay distributions to the holders of Common Stock. 
 
 Other Rights 
 
 The Company s stockholders have no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for additional shares. The Common Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or conversion or exchange rights. All holders of Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share-for-share basis in any assets available for distribution to holders of the Common Stock upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. All outstanding shares are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Listing 
 
 The Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX under the symbol CDAY. The shares of Common Stock trade in U.S. dollars on the NYSE and in Canadian dollars on the TSX. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the affiliates and co-investors of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. and Cannae Holdings, Inc. (together with Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P., the Sponsors ), David D. Ossip, Alon Ossip, the brother of David D. Ossip, and entities controlled by each of David D. Ossip and Alon Ossip in respect of the shares of Common Stock and exchangeable shares of the Company s subsidiary, Ceridian AcquisitionCo ULC (the Exchangeable Shares held by such holder immediately following the IPO. This agreement provides these holders (and their permitted transferees) with the right to require the Company, at its expense, to register shares of Common Stock that they hold. The agreement also provides that the Company will pay certain expenses of these electing holders relating to such registrations and indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Board is authorized to provide for the issuance of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the preferences, powers, and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights and qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, including the dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, and liquidation preference and to fix the number of shares to be included in any such series without any further vote or action by the Company s stockholders. Any preferred stock so issued may rank senior to the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both. In addition, any such shares of preferred stock may have class or series voting rights. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the company without further action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. The Board has not authorized the issuance of any shares of preferred stock, and the Company has no agreements or plans for the issuance of any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 The Board has authorized the issuance of one share of special voting preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Special Voting Share ), in the Certificate of Incorporation. The holder of the Special Voting Share is entitled to vote on all matters that a holder of the Common Stock is entitled to vote on and is generally entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exchange of the Exchangeable Shares then outstanding. The holder of the Special Voting Share is not entitled to receive dividends. 
 
 Anti-takeover Provisions 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that delay, defer, or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of the Company or change in the Company s management. The Company expects that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are designed to 

encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Board, which may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of the Company s stockholders. However, they also give the Board the power to discourage transactions that some stockholders may favor, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that the Company s stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Accordingly, these provisions could adversely affect the price of the Common Stock. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Board be divided into three classes of directors, designated Class I, Class II, and Class III, but de-staggered over the course of the three year period starting with the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. At the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, successors to the directors whose terms expired at that annual meeting were elected to serve on the board for a one-year term expiring at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders; at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, successors to the directors whose terms expire at that annual meeting shall be elected to serve on the board for a one-year term expiring at the 2024 annual meeting of the stockholders; and at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders and at each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to serve on the board for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. A director shall serve on the board until such director s term expires and until such director s successor is elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from the board. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that, (a) any director, who prior to the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, was elected to a three-year term (a Classified Term that continues beyond the date of the 2022 annual meeting (a Classified Director may be removed from the board at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Company then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, considered for purposes of Article VII of the Certificate of Incorporation as one class; and (b) any director that is not a Classified Director may be removed from the board by the stockholders of the Company, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Company then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, considered for the purposes of Article VII of the Certificate of Incorporation as one class. Cause means, with respect to any director, (x) the willful failure by such director to perform, or the gross negligence of such director in performing, the duties of a director, (y) the engaging by such director in willful or serious misconduct that is injurious to the Company or (z) the conviction of such director of, or the entering by such director of a plea of nolo contendere to, a crime that constitutes a felony. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Meetings, Nominations, and Proposals 
 
 The Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only upon the request of a majority of the Board or upon the request of the Chief Executive Officer. The Bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying, or discouraging hostile takeovers or changes in control or management of the Company. 
 
 The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board or a committee of the Board. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder must comply with the advance notice requirements contained in the Bylaws and with respect to stockholders who wish to solicit proxies in support of a director nominee other than the Company s director nominees, such stockholder will be subject to the provisions and requirements of the Bylaws and applicable securities laws, including Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Bylaws allow the presiding officer at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings, which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a 

meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay, or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that, at any time when the Sponsors beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than 50 of the voting power of the Company s stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Company at any meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by stockholders holding not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. At any time when the Sponsors beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50 of the voting power of the Company s stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that, subject to the rights of any holders of preferred stock to act by written consent instead of a meeting, stockholder action may be taken only at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written consent instead of a meeting. Failure to satisfy any of the requirements for a stockholder meeting could delay, prevent, or invalidate stockholder action. 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation provides that the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which relate to business combinations with interested stockholders, do not apply to the Company. Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination transaction with an interested stockholder (a stockholder who owns more than 15 of the Common Stock) for a period of three years after the interested stockholder became such unless the transaction fits within an applicable exemption, such as board approval of the business combination or the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions will apply even if the business combination could be considered beneficial by some stockholders. The Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 of the DGCL. Although the Company has elected to opt out of the statute s provisions, the Company could elect to be subject to Section 203 in the future. 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws provide that, subject to the affirmative vote of the holders of any series of preferred stock required by law, the provisions (i) of the Bylaws may be adopted, amended, or repealed if approved by a majority of the Board then in office or approved by holders of the Common Stock and (ii) of the Certificate of Incorporation may be adopted, amended, or repealed as provided by the DGCL. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 cday-ex10_18.htm
 EX-10.18

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.18 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 Ceridian HCM, Inc. - and - 
 STEPHEN HOLDRIDGE Employee 
 Date: November 27, 2019 
 ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS 

In this Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), unless something in the subject matter or context is inconsistent therewith, all defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 1.01 Affiliate shall mean with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, where control means the possession, directly or indirectly, or the power to direct or cause the direction of the management policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

1.02 Base Salary shall mean the regular cash compensation paid on a periodic basis as contemplated in Section 3.01, exclusive of benefits, bonuses or incentive payments. 

1.03 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of Ceridian HCM. 

1.04 Cause shall mean cause as defined under Section 4.01. 

1.05 Ceridian shall mean Ceridian HCM and all of its respective Affiliates, or any one of them. 

1.06 Ceridian HCM shall mean Ceridian HCM, Inc. a Delaware corporation having a business address at 3311 East Old Shakopee Road, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55425 U.S.A., and any successor in interest by way of consolidation, operation of law, merger or otherwise. 

1.07 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

1.08 Ceridian HCM Holding means Ceridian HCM Holding Inc, a Delaware corporation having a business address at 3311 East Old Shakopee Road, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55425 U.S.A., and any successor in interest by way of consolidation, operation of law, merger or otherwise. 

1.09 Confidential Information shall mean all information known or used by Ceridian in connection with its business, including but not limited to any technology, including computer software and designs, program, code, formula, design, prototype, compilation of information, data, techniques, process, information relating to any product, device, equipment or machine, industrial or commercial designs, customer information, financial information, marketing information, business opportunities, and the results of research and development, including without limitation: 

(a) information or material relating to Ceridian and its business as conducted or anticipated to be conducted, including without limitation: business plans; operations; past, current or anticipated services, products or software; customers or prospective customers; relations with business partners or prospective business partners; or research, engineering, development, manufacturing, purchasing, accounting, or marketing activities; 

(b) information or material relating to Ceridian s inventions, improvements, discoveries, know-how, technological developments, or unpublished writings or other works of authorship, or to the materials, apparatus, processes, formulae, plans or methods used in the development, manufacture or marketing of Ceridian s services, products or software; 

(c) information on or material relating to Ceridian which when received is marked as proprietary, private or confidential; 

(d) trade secrets of Ceridian; 

(e) software of Ceridian in various stages of development, software designs, web-based solutions, specifications, programming aids, programming languages, interfaces, visual displays, technical documentation, user manuals, data files and databases of Ceridian; 

(f) information relating to employees of Ceridian including with respect to compensation, positions, job descriptions, responsibilities, areas of expertise and experience; and 

(g) any similar information of the type described above which Ceridian obtained from another party and which Ceridian treats as or designates as being proprietary, private or confidential, whether or not owned or developed by Ceridian. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include any information which is now or subsequently becomes properly generally publicly available or in the public domain; is independently made available to Employee in good faith by a third party who has not violated a confidential relationship with Ceridian; or is required to be disclosed by law or legal process. Notwithstanding the foregoing, information which is made generally publicly available by or with the aid of Employee outside the scope of employment or contrary to the requirements of this Agreement and reasonable business 
 
 practice will not be generally publicly available or in the public domain for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 1.10 Disability shall mean total and permanent disability, as defined in the Disability Plan. 

1.11 Disability Plan shall mean Ceridian s group long-term disability plan applicable to Employees, as may be amended from time to time in Ceridian s sole discretion. 

1.12 Effective Date of this Agreement shall mean the date Effective Date as shown on the first page of this Agreement. 

1.13 Person is to be interpreted broadly and shall include any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, company, limited liability or joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, syndicate, governmental entity or any other entity, and pronouns having a similarly extended meaning. 

ARTICLE 2 EMPLOYMENT, DUTIES AND TERM 

2.01 Employment . Upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Ceridian HCM hereby confirms the employment of the Employee as Global Head of Services, for Ceridian HCM, reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, or to such other role as identified by Ceridian in its sole discretion going forward, and Employee hereby accepts such employment. 

2.02 Duties and Responsibilities . As Global Head of Services of Ceridian HCM, Employee shall: 

(a) devote his or her full-time and reasonable best efforts to Ceridian and to fulfilling the duties of his or her position which shall include such duties as set out in Appendix A hereto, and as may from time to time be assigned to him/her by his or her manager, provided that such duties are reasonably consistent with Employee s education, experience and background; 

(b) comply with Ceridian s policies and procedures, including, but not limited to its Code of Conduct, to the extent that such policies and procedures are not inconsistent with this Agreement, in which case the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

2.03 Term . Subject to the provisions of ARTICLE 4, the Employee s employment pursuant to this Agreement shall commence on the January 1, 2020 (the Start Date ), and shall continue until terminated by either party in accordance with the terms hereof (the Term ). 

2.04 Employee Representation . Employee hereby represents to Ceridian HCM that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Employee and the performance by Employee of Employee s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene 

the terms of any other employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Employee is a party or otherwise bound. 

2.05 Legal Work Requirements. This Agreement and Employee s continued employment with Ceridian HCM is contingent upon Employee meeting and maintaining throughout his or her employment, all requirements necessary to be legally entitled to work for Ceridian HCM within the United States, performing the roles assigned in connection with this position. 

ARTICLE 3 COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES 

3.01 Base Salary . In exchange for all services rendered by Employee under this Agreement during the Term, Ceridian HCM shall pay Employee a Base Salary of Five Hundred and Fifty Thousand 550,000) Dollars per year, which amount will be subject to periodic review in accordance with Ceridian HCM s salary review process. The Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with Ceridian HCM s normal payroll procedures and policies, as such procedures and policies may be modified from time to time. 

3.02 Incentive Plan. Employee shall be eligible to participate in a variable incentive plan (the Incentive Plan (i) on the same terms and conditions applicable to other similarly situated Ceridian employees, (ii) with a target annual payout based on sixty percent (60 of Employee s Base Salary, prorated for the number of months Employee participates in the Incentive Plan during a year. The Incentive Plan compensation payable shall be at the sole discretion of Ceridian HCM. The specific objectives and success criteria of the Incentive Plan shall be established by Ceridian each year, subject to change from time to time, in its sole discretion. Ceridian shall have the right to alter, amend or discontinue any incentive plans, including the Incentive Plan, or Employee s participation therein, with or without prior notice and without compensation to Employee, provided the changes are consistent with those affecting other employees at Employee s same or similar level and the Employee acknowledges and agrees that such changes will not constitute a constructive dismissal of the Employee s employment. Payment, if any, under the Incentive Plan is at the sole discretion of Ceridian HCM and will only be made if Ceridian s senior management team, the Board of Directors, compensation committee and/or other required personnel approve the amount to fund the Plan. 

3.03 Signing bonus. Employee will be entitled to a one-time signing bonus in the amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) (less applicable statutory withholdings as required by law), which will be paid to the Employee at the same time as the first regular payment of your base salary. Employee must be employed by Ceridian at the time such bonus is to be paid in order to be entitled to receive it. If Employee voluntarily terminates employment with Ceridian, or Ceridian terminates the Employee s employment for Cause (as defined at law or by Article 4.01 hereof) at any time within 3 years from the Employee s Start Date, the Employee will be required to repay Ceridian the amount of this signing bonus, pro-rated based on the number of completed years worked less than 3 (i.e. if Employee resigns after completing one year of work, Employee will be required to pay 

two-thirds (2/3) of the signing bonus). Employee hereby expressly authorizes Ceridian to deduct amounts owing hereunder from any amounts owing to Employee on termination. 

3.04 Benefit Plans . Employee shall be entitled to participate in the employee health and welfare, retirement and other employee benefits programs offered generally from time to time by Ceridian to its senior Employee employees in the applicable country, to the extent that Employee s position, tenure, salary, and other qualifications make Employee eligible to participate. 

3.05 Business Expenses . Ceridian HCM shall, consistent with its policies in effect from time to time, bear all ordinary and necessary business expenses incurred by Employee in performing his or her duties as an employee of Ceridian HCM, provided that Employee accounts promptly for such expenses to Ceridian HCM in accordance with Ceridian HCM s applicable expense reimbursement policy the manner prescribed from time to time by Ceridian HCM. 

3.06 Vacation . Employee is entitled to paid vacation in accordance with Ceridian s Vacation, Time Away from Work and/or PDO policies in place from time to time. 

3.07 Equity Grants . Following the Employee s Start Date and subject to approval by the Board and the execution and delivery of appropriate documentation related thereto, Employee will be granted a non-statutory stock option award that will provide the Employee the opportunity to acquire shares of Ceridian HCM Holding common stock under the Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time) with a fair market value of 1.25 million. The stock option award will vest in four equal tranches, one quarter (1/4) each, on the first four (4) anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Employee s continued service through the applicable vesting dates. 

In addition, Employee will be eligible to participate in the Ceridian s Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), commensurate with Employee s level in place from time to time, and reflect levels of competitiveness consistent with the Company s compensation philosophy. Any granting under the LTIP plan would be conditional upon company performance, individual performance, any other measure as deemed appropriate in Ceridian s sole discretion and subject to board approval. The Company has the right to change the plan, including discontinuation, at Ceridian s sole discretion. 
 All options contemplated under this Section 3.07 shall be provided subject to and in conformity with the provisions of the Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time (the 2018 EIP (and / or such other agreements as may be required by Ceridian HCM Holding) to be entered into between Employee and Ceridian HCM Holding. 
 3.08 Deductions.	 Ceridian HCM shall be entitled to make such deductions and withholdings from Employee s remuneration as Ceridian HCM reasonably determines are by law required to be made, and as may be required by Employee s participation in any of the benefit programs described herein. 

ARTICLE 4 EARLY TERMINATION 

4.01 Termination for Cause . Ceridian HCM may terminate this Agreement and Employee s employment immediately for Cause. For the purpose hereof Cause shall mean: 

(a) conduct by Employee involving theft or misappropriation of assets of Ceridian; 

(b) fraud, embezzlement or an indictable offense by Employee; 

(c) any material act of dishonestly, financial or otherwise, by Employee against Ceridian; 

(d) intentional violations of law by Employee involving moral turpitude; 

(e) any material violation of Ceridian s Code of Conduct and ethics policies by Employee; 

(f) breach of Employee s obligations under any non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement made with any member of Ceridian; or 

(g) the continued failure by Employee to attempt in good faith to perform his or her duties as reasonably assigned to Employee pursuant to Section 2.02 of ARTICLE 2 of this Agreement, after receiving not less than 90 days written notice of such failure and a demand to rectify such failure (which notice specifically identifies the manner in which it is alleged Employee has not attempted in good faith to perform such duties). 

4.02 Termination Without Cause. Ceridian HCM may terminate this Agreement and Employee's employment without Cause immediately upon written notice to Employee. In the event of termination of Employee s Employment pursuant to this Section 4.02 and subject to Section 4.05 and 4.06, compensation shall be paid to Employee as follows: 

(a) a lump sum cash payment (subject to receipt of the general release of claims to be executed by the Employee contemplated in Section 4.05 below), equal to 12 months Base Salary and Incentive Plan payment at the annual target amount. 

(b) reasonable outplacement services, to be provided through Ceridian HCM s preferred provider of such services; 

(c) for a period of up to 6 months following the date of Employee s termination, or until you are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage, whichever is earlier, and subject to your valid election to continue health care coverage under Section 4980B of the Code COBRA ), Ceridian HCM will subsidize your COBRA payment obligations, and the payment obligations of your covered family members (as long as they are qualified beneficiaries at the time of 

your termination and remain qualified beneficiaries in accordance with the terms and conditions of the benefit plan), for a period of six (6) months following the date of your termination. 

4.03 Termination by Employee upon Written Notice. Employee may terminate this Agreement and his or her employment at any time on at least 90 days' prior written notice to Ceridian HCM, or such shorter period of notice as may be accepted by Ceridian HCM in writing. Ceridian HCM shall be entitled to waive entirely, or abridge, such notice period, without being required to pay Employee any severance payment in lieu or other compensation in respect of such notice period. 

4.04 Termination in the Event of Death or Disability . This Agreement and Employee s employment shall terminate in the event of death or Disability of Employee, in which case the following will apply: 

(a) In the event of Employee s Disability, Base Salary shall be terminated as of the end of such period that Employee is unable to perform his or her duties on a full-time basis and that establishes that Employee suffers from a Disability pursuant to the Disability Plan; 

(b) In the event of termination by reason of Employee s death or Disability, and subject to Sections 4.06 and 4.07, Ceridian HCM shall pay to Employee a prorated portion (to the date of termination) of the Incentive Plan compensation (at target level), if any, to which Employee would otherwise have become entitled for the fiscal year in which his or her death or Disability occurs had Employee remained continuously employed for the full fiscal year, calculated by multiplying such Incentive Plan compensation by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the applicable fiscal year through the date of termination and the denominator or which is 365. The amount payable pursuant to this Section 4.04(b) shall be paid within 15 days after the date such Incentive Plan would have otherwise been paid had Employee remained employed for the full fiscal year; i.e. the payout date for all other Ceridian employees and Employees. 

4.05 Entire Termination Payment. The compensation provided for in this ARTICLE 4 for termination of this Agreement and Employee s employment pursuant to Sections 4.02, 4.03 or 4.04 shall constitute Employee's sole remedy for such termination. Employee shall not be entitled to any other notice of termination, or termination or severance payment which otherwise may be payable to Employee under common law, case law, statute, in equity or other agreement between Employee and Ceridian HCM, and he or she shall have no action, cause of action, claim or demand against Ceridian HCM or other Ceridian Affiliate or any other Person as a consequence of such termination. It shall be a condition of the payment of the compensation provided for in this ARTICLE 4 that Employee shall timely execute a general release of claims in a form satisfactory to Ceridian and not revoke the release in the time provided to do so. Ceridian HCM shall provide Employee with a form of release not later than five days following the Employee s termination of employment and Employee must execute and deliver the release within 21 days (or, to the 

extent required by applicable law, 45 days) following the date Ceridian HCM delivers the release to the Employee. 

4.06 Return of Records upon Termination. Upon termination of Employee s employment with Ceridian HCM for any reason whatsoever, all documents, records, notebooks, and similar repositories of, or containing, trade secrets or intellectual property of Ceridian, or any Confidential Information, then in Employee s possession or control, including copies thereof, whether prepared by Employee or others, will be promptly returned to or left with Ceridian. 

4.07 Code Section 409A . It is the parties intention that payments under this ARTICLE 4 will be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code Section 409A because they are short term deferrals under Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.409A-1(b)(4) or payments under a separation pay plan within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.409A-1(b)(9) and the Agreement shall be construed and administered in a manner consistent with such intent. If any payment is or becomes subject to the requirements of Section 409A, the Agreement, as it relates to such payment, is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. Further, any payments that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A may be accelerated or delayed only if and to the extent otherwise permitted under Section 409A. All payments to be made under the Agreement upon a termination of employment may only be made upon a separation of service as defined under Section 409A and any separation from service shall be treated as a termination of employment. If the provision of a benefit or a payment is determined to be subject to Section 409A, then, if Employee is a specified employee within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A as of Employee s date of termination, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation that is payable on account of the Employee s separation from service shall be paid to Employee before the date that is the first day of the seventh month after Employee s date of termination or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death (the delayed payment date ). All such withheld amounts will be accumulated and paid, without interest, on the delayed payment date. 

ARTICLE 5 CONFIDENTIALITY AND ETHICS 

5.01 Confidentiality . Employee acknowledges Ceridian s representation that it has taken reasonable measures to preserve the secrecy of its Confidential Information. Employee will not, during the term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or his or her employment, publish, disclose, or utilize in any manner any Confidential Information obtained while employed by Ceridian HCM, except that, during Employee s employment, Employee shall be entitled to use and disclose Confidential Information (i) as reasonably required to perform Employee s duties as an employee of Ceridian, and (ii) in the reasonable conduct of the business and Employee s role within the business. If Employee leaves the employ of Ceridian, Employee will not, without Ceridian s prior written consent, retain or take away any drawing, writing or other record in any form containing any Confidential Information. Further, Employee agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of Ceridian s Privacy Guidelines Pledge of Confidentiality, the terms of 

which are attached hereto as Appendix B and are incorporated herein by reference and form a part of this Agreement. 

5.02 Business Conduct and Ethics . During the Term, Employee will engage in no activity or employment which may conflict with the interest of Ceridian, and will comply with Ceridian s policies and guidelines pertaining to business conduct and ethics. 

5.03 Policies . Employee agrees to follow the policies and procedures established by Ceridian from time to time. 

ARTICLE 6 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, DISCLOSURE AND ASSIGNMENT 

6.01 Disclosure. Employee will disclose promptly in writing to Ceridian all inventions, improvements, discoveries, software, writings and other works of authorship which are conceived, made, discovered, or written jointly or singly on Ceridian time or on Employee's own time, providing the invention, improvement, discovery, software, writing or other work of authorship is capable of being used by Ceridian in the normal course of business. All such inventions, improvements, discoveries, software, writings and other works of authorship shall belong solely to Ceridian immediately upon conception, development, creation, production or reduction to practice, and Employee hereby waives any and all moral rights that he or she may have therein. 

6.02 Instruments of Assignment. Employee will sign and execute all instruments of assignment and other papers to evidence transfer of Employee's entire right, title and interest in such inventions, improvements, discoveries, software, writings or other works of authorship in Ceridian, at the request and the expense of Ceridian, and Employee will do all acts and sign all instruments of assignment and other papers Ceridian may reasonably request relating to applications for patents, patents, copyrights, and the enforcement and protection thereof. If Employee is needed, at any time, to give testimony, evidence, or opinions in any litigation or proceeding involving any patents or copyrights or applications for patents or copyrights, both domestic and foreign, relating to inventions, improvements, discoveries, software, writings or other works of authorship conceived, developed or reduced to practice by Employee, Employee agrees to do so, and if Employee leaves the employ of Ceridian, Ceridian shall pay Employee at a rate mutually agreeable to Employee and Ceridian, plus reasonable traveling or other expenses. 

6.03 Ceridian s IP Development Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of Ceridian s Intellectual Property Agreement as amended from time to time, the current terms of which are attached hereto as Appendix C and are incorporated herein by reference and form a part of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE 7 

NON-COMPETITION, NON-RECRUITMENT, NON-DISPARAGEMENT 
 
 7.01	General . The parties hereto recognize and agree that (a) Employee is a senior employee of Ceridian, (b) Employee has received, and will in the future receive substantial amounts of Confidential Information (c) Ceridian s business is conducted on a worldwide basis and, (d) provision for non-competition, non-recruitment and non-disparagement obligations by Employee is critical to Ceridian s continued economic well-being and protection of Ceridian s Confidential Information. In light of these considerations, this ARTICLE 7 sets forth the terms and conditions of this Employees obligations of non-competition, non-recruitment and non-disparagement subsequent to the termination of this Agreement and/or Employee s employment for any reason. 
 7.02 	 Non-competition. During the terms of this Agreement, Employee will devote full time and energy to furthering Ceridian s business and will not pursue any other business activity without Ceridian s written consent. Unless the obligation is waived or limited by Ceridian in accordance this Section 7.02, Employee agrees that during his or her employment and for a period of time, as defined in Section 8.15, Restrictive Period following termination of employment with Ceridian for any reason, Employee will not directly or indirectly, alone or as a partner, officer, director, shareholder or an employee, engage in any commercial activity on behalf of the following specified competitors of Ceridian (and/ or their respective affiliates or subsidiaries), having acknowledged that all such entities provide products or services or are otherwise engaged in a competitive business with the business carried out by Ceridian: Workday, Inc., Automatic Data Processing, Inc/ADP, LLC., Ultimate Software Group, Inc., Kronos Incorporated, Paycom Software Inc., SAP SE, Oracle Corporation and Paylocity Corporation , in competition with Ceridian s business as conducted as of the date of such termination of employment, in North America. For purposes of this subsection, shareholder shall not include beneficial ownership of less than five percent (5 of the combined voting power of all issued and outstanding voting securities of a publicly held corporation whose stock is traded on a major stock exchange. For the avoidance of doubt Ceridian s business as used herein shall include business conducted by any Ceridian Affiliate and any partnership or joint venture in which Ceridian or its Affiliates is a partner or join venture, including in particular the provision of human capital management software and services. Ceridian acknowledges that some of the entities listed in this section 7.02 as competitors may also have now (or in the future) separate lines of business, parts of their business, or specific jobs that are wholly unrelated to Ceridian s business and do not compete in any meaningful way with Ceridian. It is not Ceridian s intention for the restriction contained in this section 7.02 to include such unrelated lines of business, parts of businesses or jobs within the entities listed in this section. 
 7.03	Non-Recruitment . During the term of employment and for a Restrictive Period following termination of employment for any reason, Employee will not directly or indirectly: 
 (a) 	hire any of Ceridian s employees, or solicit any of Ceridian s employees for the purpose of hiring them or inducing them to leave their employment with Ceridian, nor will Employee own, manage, operate, join, control, consult with, participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, be employed by or be connected in any manner with any person or entity which engages in the conduct prescribed in this Section 
 
 7.03(a). This provision shall not preclude Employee from responding to a request (other than by Employee s employer) for a reference with respect to an individual s employment qualifications; or 
 (b)	in connection with a business which competes with Ceridian s business (as defined in 7.02), solicit or endeavour to entice away from Ceridian, or any of its affiliates, any customers or prospective customers of Ceridian, or who were in such position at any time during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period of the Employee s employment prior to termination thereof, with the purpose or effect of reducing the business of any customers or prospective customers, with Ceridian or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 7.04	Non-Disparagement . Employee will not, during the term or after the termination or expiration of this Agreement or Employee s employment, make disparaging statements, in any form, about Ceridian, its officers, directors, agents, employees, products or services which Employee knows, or has reason to believe, are false or misleading. 
 7.05 	Survival and Enforceability . Without limiting the generality of Section 8.03, the obligations of this ARTICLE 7 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and Employee s employment. Should any provisions of this ARTICLE 7 be held invalid or illegal, such illegality shall not invalidate the whole of this ARTICLE 7 or the agreement, but, rather, ARTICLE 7 shall be construed as if it did not contain the illegal part or narrowed to permit its enforcement, and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be construed and enforced accordingly. In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing, Employee expressly agrees that should the duration of or geographical extent of, or business activities covered by, any provision of this ARTICLE 7 be in excess of that which is valid or enforceable under applicable law, then such provisions should shall be construed to cover only that duration, extent or activities that may validly be covered. Employee acknowledges the uncertainty of the law in this respect and expressly stipulates that this ARTICLE 7 shall be construed in a manner that renders its provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its expressed terms) possible under applicable law. This ARTICLE 7 does not replace and is in addition to any other agreements Employee may have with Ceridian on the matters addressed herein. 
 ARTICLE 8 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

8.01 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of Ceridian HCM, whether by way of merger, consolidation, operation of law, assignment, purchase or other acquisition of substantially all of the assets or business of Ceridian HCM, and any such successor or assign shall absolutely and unconditionally assume all of Ceridian HCM's obligations hereunder. 

8.02 Notices. All notices, requests and demands given to or made pursuant hereto shall, except as otherwise specified herein, be in writing and be delivered or mailed to any such party at the addresses set forth in the signature blocks below. Either party may, by notice 

hereunder, designate a changed address. Any notice, if mailed properly addressed, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, shall be deemed dispatched on the registered date or that stamped on the certified mail receipt, and shall be deemed received within the second business day thereafter or when it is actually received, whichever is sooner. 

8.03 Survival. The obligations of Section 5.01, ARTICLE 6 and ARTICLE 7 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and Employee s employment. 

8.04 Captions. The various headings or captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

8.05 Governing Law. The laws of the State of Minnesota will govern the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement. Any legal proceeding related to this Agreement will be brought in an appropriate Minnesota court, and both Ceridian HCM and the Employee hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of that court for this purpose. 

8.06 Construction. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. Subject to applicable law, if there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and applicable law, the terms of this Agreement will govern to the extent of that conflict or inconsistency, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

8.07 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be conclusively deemed to be severable and to have been severed from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding such severance. To the extent permitted by law, each of the parties hereto hereby waives any law, rule or regulation that might otherwise render any provision of this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

8.08 Waivers. No failure on the part of either party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy granted hereby or by any related document or by law. 

8.09 Modification. Any changes or amendments to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties. 

8.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto in reference to all the matters herein agreed upon. This Agreement replaces in full all prior employment or change of control agreements or understandings of the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter, and any and all such prior agreements or understandings are hereby rescinded by mutual agreement. 

8.11 Execution of Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterpart together shall constitute one and the same agreement. For the purposes of this Section, the delivery of a facsimile copy of an executed counterpart of this Agreement shall be deemed to be valid execution and delivery of this Agreement, but the party delivering a facsimile copy shall deliver an original copy of this Agreement as soon as possible after delivering the facsimile copy. 

8.12 Taxes. Ceridian is authorized to withhold from any payments made hereunder and any other compensation payable to Employee in any capacity amounts of withholding and other taxes due or potentially payable in connection therewith, and to take such other action as Ceridian reasonable determines is advisable to enable Ceridian and Employee to satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and other tax obligations relating to any payments made under this Agreement. 

8.13 Currency . All payments made hereunder shall be in the currency of the United States. 

8.14 Breach of Restrictive Covenants . Employee acknowledges and agrees that any breach by Employee of the restrictions set forth in Article 5 and Article 7 shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement entitling Ceridian to seek damages and pursue any additional rights or remedies as may be available to it at law or in equity. 

8.15 Restrictive Period. 

The Restrictive Period is 12 months. At its sole option, Ceridian may, by written notice to Executive at any time within the Restrictive Period, waive or limit the time and/or terms of the restriction. 
 ARTICLE 9 EMPLOYEE S UNDERSTANDING 

9.01 Employee s Understanding. Employee recognizes and agrees that he or she has read and understood all and each Article, Section and paragraph of this Agreement, and that he or she has received adequate explanations on the nature and scope of those Articles, Sections and paragraphs which he or she did not understand. Employee recognizes that he or she has been advised that the Agreement entails important obligations on his or her part, and recognizes that he or she has had the opportunity of consulting his or her legal adviser before signing the Agreement. 

9.02 Employment At-Will . Nothing in this Agreement is intended to establish any minimum period of the Employee s continuing employment, and such employment continues to be on an at-will basis. The Employee acknowledges that his or her employment with Ceridian HCM is terminable at will at any time by either party. 

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank] 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 	CERIDIAN HCM, INC. 
 
 		Per: /s/ Leagh Turner		 
 		Name: Leagh Turner 
 		Title: President 
 
 		Ceridian HCM, Inc. 		Attn: Legal Department 		3311 East Old Shakopee Road 		Bloomington, MN 55425 

EMPLOYEE 
 
 		 /s/ Stephen Holdridge		 
 		Stephen Holdridge 
 		[Address Omitted] 
 
 Appendix A 

The Global Head of Services, will grow and evolve our Professional Services and Customer Success team. The mandate will be to transform and revolutionize the entire customer experience from the initial customer acquisition, through ongoing service delivery to customer renewal and growth. 
 
 Key elements of your mandate 
 Organizational Strategy and Development: 
 As Ceridian grows, expands globally and creates industry verticals, the Professional Services Customer Success team need to re-think its organization and strategies to support Ceridian s go-to-market strategies and ensure the services organization is focused on: 
 Improving time to deploy and recognizing revenue; 

Increasing customer satisfaction by improving processes/interactions; 

Attracting, recruiting, hiring, onboarding, developing and retaining top quality consulting, delivery, implementation and technical professionals; 

Assisting and supporting the development of a System Integrator and Partner ecosystem; 

Establishing standardized best practices for product implementation; 

Extending and scaling the global industry-vertical focused services 

Increasing customer upsell and cross-sell opportunities; 

Improving gross margins. 

Change Management: 
 Lead the charge by bringing to bear new ideas/innovations that will revolutionize the Ceridian consulting, delivery, implementation, customer success and technical services model. Drive change management while keeping the organization performing on the quarterly and annual cadence of a publicly traded company. 
 
 Team Leadership and Mentorship: 
 Build a different culture and team that is energized, creative and proactive about service delivery and customer success. (Leading and managing our growing 1400-person team is critical to Ceridian s success.) 
 
 Cultural Transformation: Guide the transformational change in services from start-up to post-IPO maturity as the company grows. 

Appendix B 

Privacy Guidelines Pledge of Confidentiality 
 
 As an employee of Ceridian HCM, Inc. or one of its affiliates collectively Ceridian ), you will be in a position of trust and confidence, and will have access to and become familiar with Confidential Information (as that term is defined in the Employment Agreement to which this Appendix is attached) used by or in possession of Ceridian. The unauthorized disclosure to or unauthorized use by third parties of any Confidential Information, or your unauthorized use of such information, could seriously harm Ceridian s business and cause monetary loss that would be difficult, if not impossible, to measure. 
 
 Ceridian is sensitive to the necessity of maintaining the confidentiality of Confidential Information. Ceridian recognizes both the inherent right to privacy of every individual and its obligation to preserve the confidentiality of Confidential Information kept in its files. Ceridian is also aware of the concerns about individual privacy and perceived possible abuses of Confidential Information kept in automated data banks and other forms. Ceridian has, therefore, established privacy guidelines to ensure the protection, to the best of Ceridian s ability, of all Confidential Information in its possession, in whatever form it is kept, whether it be an automated data bank, manual (or paper) file, microfiche or any other form. Accordingly, all Confidential Information in the possession of Ceridian, whether from clients or from Ceridian s own employees or contractors, must be handled and protected in accordance with the following principles: 
 1.	The independent consideration which you shall be entitled to receive in consideration of agreeing to the terms of this document, shall consist of employment by Ceridian in accordance with Ceridian s written offer of employment. You acknowledge that the foregoing independent consideration consists of real, bargained-for benefits to which you would have no entitlement but for your agreement to be bound by the terms set forth in this document. You further acknowledge that you were not entitled to receive the foregoing independent consideration prior to agreeing to the terms of this document. The terms of this document shall and do form an integral part of the terms of your employment with Ceridian, and shall be considered incorporated into the terms of your offer of employment and / or employment agreement with Ceridian. 
 2.	You acknowledge Ceridian s representation that it has taken and intends to take reasonable measures to preserve the secrecy of its Confidential Information, including, but not limited to, requiring you to agree to the terms of this document, as a condition of and part of the terms of your employment with Ceridian. You will hold all Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and will not directly or indirectly copy, reproduce, disclose or divulge, or permit access to or use of, or obtain any benefit from, the Confidential Information or directly or indirectly use the Confidential Information other than as (a) as reasonably required to perform your duties as an employee of Ceridian, or (b) in the reasonable conduct of the business and your role within the business. For greater certainty, you shall not use the Confidential Information directly or indirectly in any business other than the business of Ceridian, without the prior written consent of Ceridian. Confidential Information is the exclusive property of Ceridian or its Clients (as the case may be), and you will not divulge any Confidential Information to any person except to Ceridian s qualified employees or advisers or other third parties with whom Ceridian has confidential business relations, and you will not, at any time, use Confidential Information for any purpose whatsoever, except as required to perform your duties as an employee of Ceridian or in the reasonable conduct of the business or your role within the business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that Confidential Information received from a Client is to be used only for the purposes intended by the Client when entering into an agreement with Ceridian, and will not be used for any other purpose. Confidential Information will only be kept for the limited period of time necessary for Ceridian to fulfil its obligations. Regardless of the reason for termination of your employment (and whether or not you or Ceridian terminate the employment relationship): (a) you will not after the term of your employment, disclose Confidential Information which you may learn or acquire during your employment to any other person or entity or use any Confidential Information for your own benefit or for the benefit of another; and (b) you will immediately deliver to Ceridian all property and Confidential Information in your possession or control which belong to Ceridian. 
 
 3.	You acknowledge that your breach of the terms of this document may cause irreparable harm to Ceridian and that such harm may not be compensable entirely with monetary damages. If you violate the terms of this document, Ceridian may seek injunctive relief or any other remedy allowed at law, in equity, or under the terms of this agreement. In connection with any suit by Ceridian hereunder, Ceridian shall be entitled to an accounting, and to the repayment of all profits, compensation, commissions, fees or other remuneration which you have realized, as a result of the violation of the terms of this agreement which is the subject of the suit. In addition to the foregoing, Ceridian shall be entitled to collect from you any reasonable attorney s fees and costs incurred by Ceridian in bringing any successful action against you or in otherwise successfully enforcing the terms hereof against you. You acknowledge and agree that nothing herein shall affect Ceridian s rights to bring an action in a court of law for any legal claim against any third party who aids you in violating the terms of this agreement or who benefits in any way from your violation hereof. 
 4.	You understand and agree that the terms of this document shall apply no matter when, how or why your employment terminates and regardless whether the termination is voluntary or involuntary, and that the terms shall survive the termination of your employment. 
 5.	If any one or more of the terms of this document are deemed to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, the validity, enforceability and legality of the remaining provisions will not, in any way, be affected by or impaired thereby; and, notwithstanding the foregoing, all provisions hereof shall be enforced to the extent that is reasonable. 
 6.	Ceridian s decision to refrain from enforcing a breach of any term of this document will not prevent Ceridian from enforcing the terms hereof as to any other breach that Ceridian discovers and shall not operate as a waiver against any future enforcement of any part of this document, any other agreement with you or any other agreement with any other employee of Ceridian. 
 7.	You hereby represent and agree with Ceridian that: (a) you are not bound or restricted by a non-competition agreement, a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement with a former employer or other third party, which would conflict with the terms of this offer; and (b) you will not use any trade secrets or other intellectual property belonging to any third party while performing services for Ceridian; and (c) you are of legal age, under no legal disability, have full legal authority to enter into this agreement and have had a reasonable and adequate opportunity to consult with independent counsel regarding the effect of this document, the sufficiency of the independent consideration provided to you, and the reasonableness of the restrictions set forth herein. 
 
 Ceridian employs a Privacy Officer who is charged with ensuring that Ceridian complies with all privacy-related obligations imposed by statute or contract. Any questions regarding the collection, use, access, disclosure, retention or destruction of Confidential Information should be directed to the Privacy Officer. 
 
 Adherence to the guidelines set out above is a requirement for continued employment with Ceridian. Material breaches of these guidelines may result in discipline up to and including dismissal, or in the case of contractors, cancellation of your contract with Ceridian. 

Appendix C 
 
 Intellectual Property Agreement 
 
 In consideration of Ceridian HCM, Inc. or one of its affiliates collectively Ceridian offering me employment, I hereby expressly acknowledge and agree as follows: 
 1.0 All Ceridian developments which I may solely or jointly author, conceive, or develop, or reduce to practice, or cause to be authored, conceived, or developed, or reduced to practice, during the term of my employment with Ceridian (collectively Developments are the property of Ceridian. I will promptly make fullest disclosure to Ceridian of all Ceridian Developments. I further agree to execute such documents and do such things as Ceridian may reasonably require from time to time to assign to Ceridian all right, title, and interest in and to all Ceridian Developments, and agree, at Ceridian s expense, during the term of my employment and thereafter, to execute any and all applications or assignments relating to intellectual property including patents, copyrights, industrial designs and trademarks, and to execute any proper oath or verify any proper document in connection with carrying out the terms of this agreement. 

2.0 In the event Ceridian is unable for any reason whatsoever to secure my signature to any lawful and necessary documents relating to paragraph 1 hereof and to apply for, or to prosecute, any applications for letters patent, copyright, designs or trademarks (foreign or domestic) in respect to the Ceridian Developments, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Ceridian and its duly authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent, copyright, designs or trademarks thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. 

3.0 At the time of leaving the employ of Ceridian I will deliver to Ceridian, and will not keep in my possession, nor deliver to anyone else, any and all information in any tangible form and all copies, partial copies, notes, summaries, records, descriptions, drawings, reports and other documents, data or materials of or relating to the Ceridian Developments or which contain or make reference to the Ceridian Developments, in my possession or control. 

4.0 I hereby waive for the benefit of Ceridian and, where legally possible, assign to Ceridian any moral rights I have, or may in the future have, in any Ceridian Developments. 

5.0 This agreement shall extend to and endure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of Ceridian and shall be binding upon me and my heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 cday-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiary 
 State or other Jurisdiction of formation 

Ceridian Global Holding Company Inc. 
 Delaware 

Ceridian HCM, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Ceridian Tax Service, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Ceridian Services LLC 
 Delaware 

Dayforce Talent LLC 
 Delaware 

Ceridian Dayforce Licensing LLC 
 Delaware 

Dayforce Receivables LLC 
 Delaware 

ABR Properties LLC 
 Florida 

Ceridian Cares U.S. 
 Minnesota 

ATI ROW, LLC 
 Texas 

Ceridian Canada Ltd. 
 Canada 

Ceridian Canada Services Ltd. 
 Canada 

Ceridian Cares 
 Canada 

Ceridian AcquisitionCo ULC 
 British Columbia 

Ceridian Dayforce Corporation 
 Ontario 

Ceridian Dayforce Inc. 
 Ontario 

Ceridian Global UK Holding Company Limited 
 UK 

Ceridian Europe Limited 
 UK 

Ceridian Holdings UK Limited 
 UK 

Ceridian Dayforce M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

ADAM HCM MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Ceridian Dayforce Germany GmbH 
 Germany 

Ceridian Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Lusworth Pty Limited 
 Australia 

RITEQ Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Vedelem Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 

Ceridian APJ Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ceridian APJ ACQ Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Excelity Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender HCM Pty Limited 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll Holdings Trust 
 Australia 

Ascender HCM Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll Australia Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll Finance Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll Partners Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender Pay Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender HCM Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

NIS Holdings Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

The Association for Payroll Specialists Pty Limited 
 Australia 

Australian Payroll Services Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

NIS Operations Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Preceda Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender Cloud Services Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Neller Employer Services Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender Pay ANZ Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender HCM PS Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender PST Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender PeopleStreme Australia Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Ascender PeopleStreme Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll International Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll International Holdings Trust 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll International Pty Ltd 
 Australia 

Pacific Payroll International Trust 
 Australia 

Ascender Pay Pty Ltd - PNG Branch 
 Australian company registered in Papua New Guinea as a branch 

Ceridian New Zealand Limited 
 New Zealand 

Ceridian Dayforce New Zealand Limited 
 New Zealand 

Ceridian (Mauritius) Ltd 
 Mauritius 

Ceridian (Mauritius) Learning Centre Ltd 
 Mauritius 

Ceridian Dayforce Ireland Limited 
 Ireland 

Excelity Global Solutions Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Excelity Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Pacific Payroll Partners Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Ceridian Dayforce Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Ascender HCM Asia Pte. Ltd. - Philippine ROHQ 
 Singapore company registered in the Philippines as a branch 

Ceridian Dayforce Singapore Pte. Ltd., Taiwan Branch 
 Singapore company registered in Taiwan as a branch 

Excelity Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 

i-Zapp Cebu Corporation 
 Philippines 

Talent2 HRBPO Corporation 
 Philippines 

Zapper Philippines BPO, Inc. 
 Philippines 

Ceridian Dayforce Holding (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 

Ceridian Dayforce (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 

Payfront Technologies India Private Limited 
 India 

Ascender India Private Limited 
 India 

Excelity HCM Solutions SDN. BHD. 
 Malaysia 

iZapper Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 

Ascender HCM Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 

Pinfeng (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
 China 

YI Sai (Shanghai) Human Resources Management Co., Ltd. 
 China 

Zapper Services Consultancy (Shanghai) Limited 
 China 

Ceridian Dayforce Japan K.K. 
 Japan 

Ceridian Dayforce Korea Limited 
 Korea 

Ceridian Dayforce HK Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Ceridian Dayforce Vietnam Co. Ltd. 
 Vietnam 

Ceridian National Trust Bank (in organization) 
 The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

Ideal US Talent Systems Holdco LLC 
 Delaware 

Ideal US Talent Systems Employee OpCo LLC 
 Delaware 

Ideal Canada Talent Systems HoldCo Ltd. 
 Canada 

Ideal Canada Talent Systems Employee OpCo Ltd. 
 Canada 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 cday-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-231639) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-224438, 333-228578, 333-231632, 333-248624, 333-255827, 333-266700) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 cday-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David D. Ossip, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David D. Ossip 

David D. Ossip 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 cday-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Leagh E. Turner, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Leagh E. Turner 

Leagh E. Turner 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 cday-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Noe mie C. Heuland, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Noe mie C. Heuland 

Noe mie C. Heuland 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 cday-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David D. Ossip 

David D. Ossip 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 cday-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Leagh E. Turner 

Leagh E. Turner 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 cday-ex32_3.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Noe mie C. Heuland 

Noe mie C. Heuland 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 cday-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 cday-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 cday-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 cday-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 cday-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

