<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1069394_0001493152-23-010222.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7819671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123907</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1588708</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2159789</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1741653</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2026593</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010222.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160059
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010222
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				911922863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31540
		FILM NUMBER:		23787349

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2614 QUEENSWOOD DR
		CITY:			VICTORIA B C
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V8N 1X5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2504779969

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2614 QUEENSWOOD DR
		CITY:			VICTORIA BC CANADA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V8N 1X5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010222.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

united
states 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Alberta 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Employer
 Identification No.) 

,
 Alberta, 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Office) 
 
 Zip
 Code 

Registrant s
telephone number, including Area Code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022 the aggregate market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates was based on the closing
price for shares of the Company s common stock on the NYSE American for that date. 

As
of March 30, 2023, the Company had issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None 

The
terms Flexible , Company , we , us , and our are used to refer to Flexible
Solutions International Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 Annual Report ), including the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, those statements relating to development of new products, our financial condition and our ability
to increase distribution of our products. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such
as may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 continue, plans, intends, or other similar terminology. These forward-looking statements are
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual
outcomes and results may differ materially from what is anticipated or forecasted in these forward-looking statements due to numerous
factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to generate or obtain sufficient working capital to continue our operations, changes
in demand for our products, the timing of customer orders and deliveries and the impact of competitive products and pricing. In addition,
such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, and general domestic and international
economic conditions. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable, such statements involve
risks and uncertainties and no assurance can be given that our actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
Except as otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason, after the date this Annual
Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Description
 of Business 

We
were incorporated as Flexible Solutions Ltd., a British Columbia corporation on January 26, 1991. On May 12, 1998, we merged Flexible
Solutions Ltd. into Flexible Solutions International, Inc., a Nevada corporation. In connection with this merger, we issued 7,000,000
shares of common stock to the former shareholders of Flexible Solutions Ltd. in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of Flexible
Solutions Ltd. 

In
June 2004 we purchased 52 U.S. and 139 International Patents IP ), as well as a 56,780 sq. ft. manufacturing plant near
Chicago, Illinois from the bankruptcy estate of Donlar Corporation Donlar for 6.15 million. The IP we acquired from
Donlar relates to water-soluble chemicals TPAs which prevent corrosion and scaling in water pipes used in the petroleum,
chemical, utility and mining industries. TPAs are also used to enhance fertilizers and improve crop yields and as additives for household
laundry detergents, consumer care products and pesticides. These assets are held in our wholly owned NanoChem Solutions Inc. subsidiary
which has become our largest revenue generator. 

In
October 2018, we purchased 65 of ENP Investments, LLC, a manufacturing and distribution company
active in the areas of golf, turf and ornamental agriculture products. 

In
January 2019, we purchased 50 of a Florida based limited liability company engaged in international
sales of fertilizer additives. This purchase is accounted for as an equity accounted investment. 

In
2019, we changed our corporate domicile from Nevada to Alberta, Canada. 

In
January 2020, ENP Realty, LLC became a wholly owned subsidiary of ENP Investments, LLC and was renamed to ENP Mendota, LLC. 

In
June 2022, ENP Peru Investments, LLC became a wholly owned subsidiary with NanoChem Solutions Inc. owning 91.67 and ENP Investments,
LLC owning 8.33 . of ENP Peru. 

We
operate through a number of wholly-owned subsidiaries which are further discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
included as part of this report. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to our business include the operations of these subsidiaries. 

Our
website is www.flexiblesolutions.com 

2 

Our
Products 

Thermal
Polyaspartates TPAs 

We
manufacture TPAs in our Peru, Illinois plant using a thermal polymerizing process. The multiple variants produced are optimized for individual
market verticals and sold for end use or through distribution. 

TPAs
for Oilfields . TPAs are used to reduce scale and corrosion in various topside water systems. They are used in place
of traditional phosphonate and other products when biodegradability is required by environmental regulations. We have the ability to
custom manufacture TPAs depending on the specific water conditions associated with any oil well. TPAs are also used in fracking fluids
to reduce the toxicity while maintaining equal function. 

TPAs
for the Agricultural Industry . TPAs have the ability to reduce fertilizer crystallization before, during and after application and
can also delay crystal formation between fertilizer and minerals present in the soil. Once crystallized, fertilizer and soil minerals
are not able to provide plant nourishment. As a result, in select conditions the use of TPAs either blended with fertilizer or applied
directly to crops can increase yields significantly. TPAs are designated for crop nutrient management programs and should not be confused
with crop protection and pesticides or other agricultural chemical applications. Depending on the application, TPA products are marketed
under a variety of brands including EX-10TM, AmisorbTM, LYNXTM, MAGNETTM, AmGroTM and VOLTTM. Markets of significance include corn, wheat,
soybeans, rice, potatoes, sugar beets, cotton, tomatoes, almonds and other high value per acre crops. 

TPAs
for Irrigation . The crystallization prevention ability of TPAs can also be useful in select irrigation conditions. By reducing calcium
carbonate scale propagation, TPAs can prevent early plugging of drip irrigation ports, reduce maintenance costs and lengthen the life
of equipment. TPAs compete with acid type scale removers, but have the advantage of a positive yield effect on the plant, as well as
an easier deployment formulation with liquid fertilizers when used as part of a fertigation program. Our TPAs for drip
irrigation scale prevention are marketed and sold through the same channels as TPAs used by the agricultural industry. 

TPAs
in Cleaning Products . TPA can replace polyacrylates in cleaning products which is valuable because TPA is biodegradable while polyacrylates
are not. In a cleaning product formulation, TPA prevents the re-deposition of dirt onto the surfaces to be cleaned allowing dirt to be
rinsed away. 

Nitrogen
conservation products for agriculture. We manufacture and sell two conservation products and mixtures used for slowing nitrogen loss
from fields. One significant loss route for nitrogen fertilizer is enzymatic degradation by bacteria naturally present in soil. Our product,
SUN 27TM inhibits the bacterial action and keeps the nitrogen fertilizer available for plant growth. The second significant nitrogen
loss mechanism is de-nitrification. This is also caused by bacterial activity in soil resulting in oxygen being stripped from the fertilizer
leaving nitrogen gas. The gas can t be used by the plants and escapes into the atmosphere. Our N Savr 30TM product uses the most
effective active ingredients available to combat this cause of fertilizer loss. We sell SUN 27TM and N Savr 30TM through distributors
in North and South America under our trade names and under private labels. 

HEATSAVR 

Our
studies indicate that approximately 70 of the energy lost from a swimming pool occurs through water evaporation. HEATSAVR is a
chemical product for use in swimming pools and spas that forms a thin, transparent layer on the water s surface. The transparent
layer slows the evaporation of water, allowing the water to retain a higher temperature for a longer period of time and thereby reducing
the energy required to maintain the desired temperature of the water. We have received reports from our commercial customers documenting
energy savings of between 2,400 and 6,000 per year when using HEATSAVR . 

In
outdoor pools, the HEATSAVR also provides convenience compared to pool blankets. It is often inconvenient to use conventional pool
blankets since a pool blanket must be removed and stored before the pool can be used. Pool blankets do not provide any energy savings
when not on the pool. Conversely, HEATSAVR eliminates the need to install, remove and store the blanket and works 24 hours a day.
In addition, the use of HEATSAVR in an indoor pool results in even greater energy savings since indoor pool locations use energy
not only to heat the pool water, but also to air condition the pool environment. By slowing the transfer of heat and water vapor from
the pool to the atmosphere of the pool enclosure, less energy is required to maintain a pool at the desired temperature and there is
a reduced load on the air-conditioning system. We also manufacture and sell products which automatically dispense HEATSAVR into
commercial size swimming pools or spas at the rate of one ounce per 400 sq. ft. of water surface per day. 

3 

WATERSAVR 

This
product utilizes a patented variation of our HEATSAVR technology to reduce water evaporation in reservoirs, potable water storage tanks,
livestock watering ponds, aqueducts, canals and irrigation ditches. WATERSAVR may also be used for lawn and turf care and potted and
bedding plants. 

WATERSAVR 
is sold in granulated form and can be applied by hand, by fully automated scheduled metering, or by an automatic dispenser. 

Tests
have indicated that WATERSAVR : 

Reduces
 daily water evaporation as much as 54 ; 

Reduces
 monthly water evaporation as much as 37 ; 

Is
 odorless; 

Has
 no effect on invertebrates or vertebrates; 

Has
 no anticipated effect on any current drinking water treatment processes; and 

Is
 biodegradable. 

We
have one part-time employee involved in the sales and marketing of WATERSAVR . 

Principal
Customers 

The
table below presents our revenue resulting from purchases by our major customers for the periods presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Company A 
 6,677,815 
 4,877,690 
 
 Company B 
 12,938,735 
 7,982,281 
 
 Company C 
 8,159,066 
 4,057,976 

Customers
with balances greater than 10 of our receivable balances as of each of the fiscal year ends presented are shown in the following table: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Company A 
 3,634,083 
 2,215,119 
 
 Company B 
 2,423,285 
 2,202,345 

Competition 

TPAs:
 Our TPA products have direct competition with Lanxess AG (spun out of Bayer AG) Lanxess ), a German manufacturer of
TPAs, which uses a patented process different from ours. We have cross-licensed each other s processes and either company can use
either process for the term of the patents involved. We believe that Lanxess has approximately the same production capacity and product
costs as we do. We believe that we can compete effectively with Lanxess by offering excellent customer service in oilfield sales, superior
distributor support in the agricultural marketplace and flexibility due to our relative size. In addition, we intend to continue to seek
market niches that are not the primary targets of Lanxess. There are other competitors based in Asia. 

4 

Our
TPA products face indirect competition from other chemicals in every market in which we are active. For purposes of oilfield scale prevention,
phosphonates, phosphates and molibdonates provide the same effect. For crop enhancement, increased fertilizer levels can serve as a substitute
for TPAs. In irrigation scale control, acid washes are our prime competitor. Notwithstanding the above, we believe our competitive advantages
include: 

Biodegradability
 compared to competing oil field chemicals; 

Cost-effectiveness
 for crop enhancement compared to increased fertilizer use; and 

Environmental
 considerations, ease of formulation and increased crop yield opportunities in irrigation scale markets. 

HEATSAVR :
 Although we are aware of two other companies that manufacture products that compete with HEATSAVR , we believe our products are
more effective and safer. We maintain fair pricing equal to or lower than our competitors and protect our intellectual property carefully.
Our products are expected to maintain market share in the competitive pool market. HEATSAVR also competes with plastic pool blanket
products. However, we believe that HEATSAVR is more effective and convenient than pool blankets. 

WATERSAVR :
 WATERSAVR competes with solid and floating covers. We believe our WATERSAVR product is superior for the following reasons:
it is less expensive, requires little capital expenditure to deploy and can be started and stopped as water scarcity escalates or declines.
As water conservation is an important priority throughout the world, numerous researchers are working to develop solutions that may compete
with, or be superior to, WATERSAVR. 

Manufacturing 

Our
HEATSAVR products and dispensers are made from chemicals, plastics and other materials and parts that are readily available from
multiple suppliers. We have never experienced any shortage in the availability of raw materials and parts for these products and we do
not have any long term supply contracts for any of these items. We have these products made by outside parties without long term contracts. 

Our
WATERSAVR products are manufactured by a third party. We are not required to purchase any minimum quantity of this product. 

Our
56,780 sq. ft. facility in Peru, Illinois manufactures our TPA products. Raw materials for TPA production are sourced from various manufacturers
throughout the world and we believe they are available in sufficient quantities for any increase in sales. Raw materials are, however,
derived from crude oil and are subject to price fluctuations related to world oil prices. 

In
January 2020, ENP Investments, LLC acquired a 100 interest in ENP Realty, LLC and the 14,000 sq. ft. manufacturing facility in Mendota,
Illinois owned by this entity. 

5 

Government
Regulations 

TPAs:
 In the industrial oil field and agricultural markets, we have received government approval for all TPAs currently sold. 

Nitrogen
conservation product: We have obtained all government approvals for the markets in which we sell these products. 

HEATSAVR :
 Chemical products for use in swimming pools are covered by a variety of governmental regulations in all countries where we sell these
products. These regulations cover packaging, labeling, and product safety. We believe our products are in compliance with these regulations. 

WATERSAVR :
 Our WATERSAVR product is subject to regulation in most countries, particularly for agricultural and drinking water uses. We
do not anticipate that governmental regulations will be an impediment to marketing WATERSAVR because the components in WATERSAVR 
have historically been used in agriculture for many years for other purposes. Nevertheless, we may require county or state approval on
a case by case basis to sell WATERSAVR in the United States for agricultural and drinking water uses. We have received National
Sanitation Foundation approval for the use of WATERSAVR in drinking water in the United States. 

Proprietary
Rights 

Our
success is dependent, in part, upon our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademarks, trade secrets
and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary technology. We hold several US patents with various expiry dates. We have applied
for additional patents in new areas of invention and may extend these patents, if granted to other jurisdictions. There can be no assurance
that our patent applications will be granted or that any issued patent will be upheld as valid or prevent the development of competitive
products, which may be equivalent to or superior to our products. We have not received any claims alleging infringement of the intellectual
property rights of others, but there can be no assurance that we may not be subject to such claims in the future. 

Research
and Development 

We
spent 99,275 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 116,411 during year ended December 31, 2021 on research and development. This
work relates primarily to the development of our water and energy conservation products, as well as new research in connection with our
TPA products. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 42 employees, including one officer, 14 sales and customer support personnel, and 27 manufacturing personnel.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union and we have not experienced any work stoppages to date. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

This
Form 10-K contains forward-looking information based on our current expectations. Because our actual results may differ materially from
any forward-looking statements made by us, this section includes a discussion of important factors that could affect our future operations
and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

We
have in the past incurred significant operating losses and may not sustain profitability in the future. 

We
have in the past experienced operating losses and negative cash flow from operations. If our revenues decline, our results of operations
and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected. If we experience slower than anticipated revenue growth or if our operating expenses
exceed our expectations, we may not be profitable. We may not remain profitable in future periods. 

6 

Fluctuations
in our operating results may cause our stock price to decline. 

Given
the nature of the markets in which we operate, we cannot reliably predict future revenues and profitability. Changes in competitive,
market and economic conditions may cause us to adjust our operations. A high proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to our sales,
research and development and manufacturing costs. Thus, small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect our operating results.
Factors that may affect our operating results and the market price of our common stock include: 

Demand
 for and market acceptance of our products; 

Competitive
 pressures resulting in lower selling prices; 

Adverse
 changes in the level of economic activity in regions in which we do business; 

Adverse
 changes in the oil and gas industry on which we are particularly dependent; 

Changes
 in the portions of our revenue represented by various products and customers; 

Delays
 or problems in the introduction of new products; 

The
 announcement or introduction of new products, services or technological innovations by our competitors; 

Variations
 in our product mix; 

The
 timing and amount of our expenditures in anticipation of future sales; 

Increased
 costs of raw materials or supplies; 

Changes
 in the volume or timing of product orders; and 

Availability
 of raw material in a timely manner in periods of disruption such as, but not limited to, COVID-19. 

Our
operations are subject to seasonal fluctuation. 

Our
TPA business is the least seasonal, however there is a small increase in the spring related to inventory building for the crop season
in the United States and a small slowdown in December as oilfield customers run down stock in advance of year end, but otherwise, there
is little seasonal variation. We believe we are able to adequately respond to these seasonal fluctuations by reducing or increasing production
as needed. The foregoing is equally true of our nitrogen conservation products. The use of our swimming pool products increases in summer
months in most markets and results in our sales from January to June being greater than in July through December. Markets for our WATERSAVR 
product are also seasonal, depending on the wet versus dry seasons in particular countries. We attempt to sell into a variety of countries
with different seasons on both sides of the equator in order to minimize seasonality. 

Interruptions
in our ability to purchase raw materials and components may adversely affect our profitability. 

We
purchase certain raw materials and components from third parties pursuant to purchase orders placed from time to time. Because we do
not have guaranteed long-term supply arrangements with our suppliers, any material interruption in our ability to purchase necessary
raw materials or components could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

7 

Our
WATERSAVR product has not proven to be a revenue producing product and we may never recoup the cost associated with its development. 

The
marketing efforts of our WATERSAVR product may result in continued losses. We introduced our WATERSAVR product in June 2002
and, to date, we have delivered quantities for testing by potential customers, but only a few customers have ordered the product for
commercial use. This product can achieve success only if it is ordered in substantial quantities by commercial customers who have determined
that the water saving benefits of the product exceed the costs of purchase and deployment of the product. We can offer no assurance that
we will receive sufficient orders of this product to achieve profits or cover the expenses incurred to manufacture and market this product.
We have received National Sanitation Foundation approval for the use of WATERSAVR in drinking water in the United States. Nevertheless,
we may require county or state approval on a case by case basis. We expect to spend 50,000 on the marketing and production of our WATERSAVR 
product in fiscal 2023. 

If
we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products could become obsolete and our operating results would suffer. 

Without
the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, our products could become obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and
operating results would suffer. The success of our new product offerings will depend upon several factors, including our ability to: 

Accurately
 anticipate customer needs; 

Innovate
 and develop new products and applications; 

Successfully
 commercialize new products in a timely manner; 

Price
 our products competitively and manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and on time; and 

Differentiate
 our products from our competitors products. 

In
developing any new product, we may be required to make a substantial investment before we can determine the commercial viability of the
new product. If we fail to accurately foresee our customers needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and
development of products that do not lead to significant revenues. 

We
are dependent upon certain customers. 

Among
our current customers, we have identified three that are sizable enough that the loss of any one would be significant. Any loss of
one or more of these customers could result in a substantial reduction in our revenues. See Principal Customers in
Item 1 of this report for further details. 

Economic,
political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our sales. 

Revenues
from shipments made outside of the United States accounted for approximately 21 of our revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022,
20 in the year ended December 31, 2021 and 32 in the year ended December 31, 2020. Since we sell our products worldwide, our business
is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenues from international operations will continue
to represent a sizable portion of our total revenue. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 

Changes
 in foreign currency exchange rates; 

Changes
 in a country s or region s political or economic conditions, particularly in developing or emerging markets; 

Longer
 payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions; 

Trade
 protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

Differing
 tax laws and changes in those laws; 

8 

Difficulty
 in staffing and managing widespread operations; 

Differing
 laws regarding protection of intellectual property; 

Differing
 regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements; and 

Impact
 of the COVID-19 virus. 

We
are subject to credit risk and may be subject to substantial write-offs if one or more of our significant customers default on their
payment obligations to us. 

We
currently allow our major customers between 30 and 90 days to pay for each sale. This practice, while customary, presents an accounts
receivable write-off risk if one or more of our significant customers defaulted on their payment obligations to us. Any such write-off,
if substantial, would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our
products can be hazardous if not handled, stored and used properly; litigation related to the handling, storage and safety of our products
would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Some
of our products are flammable and must be stored properly to avoid fire risk. Additionally, some of our products may cause irritation
to a person s eyes if they are exposed to the concentrated product. Although we label our products to warn of such risks, our sales
could be reduced if our products were considered dangerous to use or if they are implicated in causing personal injury or property damage.
We are not currently aware of any circumstances in which our products have caused harm or property damage to consumers. Nevertheless,
litigation regarding the handling, storage and safety of our products would have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

Our
failure to comply with environmental regulations may create significant environmental liabilities and force us to modify our manufacturing
processes. 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations relating to the use, storage, handling
and disposal of chemicals. Under such laws, we may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of these substances that have
been used by our consumers or in our operations. Such laws may impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or caused, the
release of such substances. Any failure by us to comply with present or future regulations could subject us to substantial fines, suspension
of production, alteration of manufacturing processes or cessation of operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
failure to protect our intellectual property could impair our competitive position. 

While
we own certain patents and trademarks, some aspects of our business cannot be protected by patents or trademarks. Accordingly, in these
areas there are few legal barriers that prevent potential competitors from copying certain of our products, processes and technologies
or from otherwise entering into operations in direct competition with us. In particular, we have been informed that our former exclusive
agent for the sale of our products in North America is now competing with us in the swimming pool and personal spa markets. As a former
distributor, they were given access to many of our sales, marketing and manufacturing techniques. 

Our
products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, and resulting claims against us could be costly and prevent us from
making or selling certain products. 

Third
parties may seek to claim that our products and operations infringe on their patent s or other intellectual property rights. We
may incur significant expense in any legal proceedings to protect our proprietary rights or to defend infringement claims by third parties.
In addition, claims of third parties against us could result in awards of substantial damages or court orders that could effectively
prevent us from making, using or selling our products in the United States or internationally. 

9 

A
product liability claim for damages could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business exposes us to potential product liability risks. There are many factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims,
including the failure of our products to work properly and the chance that consumers will use our products incorrectly or for purposes
for which they were not intended. There can be no assurance that the amount of product liability insurance that we carry will be sufficient
to protect us from product liability claims. A product liability claim in excess of the amount of insurance we carry could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
ongoing success is dependent upon the continued availability of certain key employees. 

Our
business would be adversely affected if the services of Daniel B. O Brien ceased to be available to us since we currently do not
have any other employee with an equivalent level of expertise in and knowledge of our industry. If Mr. O Brien no longer served
as our President and Chief Executive Officer, we would have to recruit one or more new executives, with no real assurance that we would
be able to engage a replacement executive with the required skills on satisfactory terms. The market for skilled employees is highly
competitive, especially for employees in the fields in which we operate. While our compensation programs are intended to attract and
retain qualified employees, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services of all our key employees or a sufficient
number to execute our plans, nor can there be any assurances that we will be able to continue to attract new employees as required. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

We
lease a 6,400 sq. ft. facility in Naperville, Illinois which we use for offices and laboratories at a cost of 5,670 per month with a
lease effective to December 2025. We also lease a 1,300 sq. ft. facility in Mendota, Illinois used for offices at a cost of 880 per
month with a lease effective to September 2023. We own a 61,200 sq. ft. facility and a 56,780 sq. ft. facility in Peru, Illinois along
with a 14,000 sq. ft facility in Mendota, Illinois which is used to manufacture our TPA line of products. In 2017, we purchased a 3,000
sq ft building on 1 acre of land in Taber, Alberta. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, the 3.3 acres of cleared and undeveloped land in Taber, AB Canada was disposed of for the proceeds
of 263,380 333,899CAD). With a cost of 219,318 278,040CAD) the Company recognized a gain of 44,330 55,859CAD) on the disposal. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

10 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the symbol FSI . The following is the range of high and low closing prices
for our common stock for the periods indicated: 

High 
 Low 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 4.44 
 3.01 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.96 
 2.23 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.68 
 1.56 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.24 
 2.38 

High 
 Low 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 4.45 
 2.48 
 
 Second Quarter 
 4.08 
 2.97 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.33 
 3.31 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 4.00 
 3.29 

As
of March 30, 2023, we had approximately 2,300 shareholders. 

The
Company declared a special dividend of 0.05 per share on February 25, 2019, paid on March 15, 2019 to shareholders of record on March
6, 2019. On March 12, 2019 the Company announced an annual dividend of 0.15 per share to be paid in two tranches. Shareholders of record
on March 31, 2019 were paid 0.075 on April 15, 2019 and shareholders of record on October 1, 2019 were paid the same amount on October
15, 2019. On March 18, 2020, the Company suspended the dividend until further notice due to the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19
virus. 

None
of our officers or directors, nor any of our principal shareholders purchased, on our behalf, any shares of our common stock from third
parties either in a private transaction or as a result of purchases in the open market during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of March 30, 2023, we had 12,435,532 outstanding shares of common stock. The following table lists additional shares of our common stock,
including shares issuable upon the exercise of options which have not yet vested, which may be issued as of March 30, 2023: 

Number 
 Note 

Of Shares 
 Reference 
 
 Shares issuable upon exercise of options granted to our officers, directors, employees, consultants, and third parties 
 1,673,000 
 A 

A.
Options are exercisable at prices ranging from 1.70 to 4.13 per share. See Item 11 of this report for more information concerning these
options. 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have three product lines. 

The
first is a chemical EWCP used in swimming pools and spas. The product forms a thin, transparent layer on the water s
surface. The transparent layer slows the evaporation of water, allowing the water to retain a higher temperature for a longer period
of time thereby reducing the energy required to maintain the desired temperature of the water. A modified version of EWCP can also be
used in reservoirs, potable water storage tanks, livestock watering pods, canals, and irrigation ditches for the purpose of reducing
evaporation. 

11 

The
second product, biodegradable polymers TPAs ), is used by the petroleum, chemical, utility and mining industries to prevent
corrosion and scaling in water piping. TPAs can also be used to increase biodegradability in detergents and in the agriculture industry
to increase crop yields by enhancing fertilizer uptake. 

The
third product line is nitrogen conservation products used for the agriculture industry. These products decrease the loss of nitrogen
fertilizer after initial application and allows less fertilizer to be used. These products are made and sold by the Company s TPA
division. 

Material
changes in the line items in our Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the
same period last year, are discussed below: 

Item 
 
 Increase
 (I) or Decrease (D) 
 
 Reason 

Sales 
 EWCP
 products 

I 

Increase
 in customer orders. 

TPA
 products 
 
 I 
 
 Growth
in most product lines. 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 
 I 
 
 Increased
 raw material costs and increased wages to retain manufacturing employees. 

Wages 
 
 I 
 
 Increased
 wages for employee retention. 

Administrative
salaries 
 
 I 
 
 Increased
 wages for employee retention. 

Professional
 fees 
 
 I 
 
 Increased
due to costs associated with now cancelled merger with Lygos Inc. 

Office
 and miscellaneous 
 
 I 
 
 Increase
related to fees associated with moving loans from Midland States Bank to Stock Yards Bank. 

Insurance 
 
 I 
 
 Increase
 in assets and in sales resulted in higher insurance costs. 

Interest 
 
 I 
 
 Increase
due to loans assumed upon purchase of ENP Peru, LLC. 

Travel 
 
 I 
 
 Travel
 has resumed as COVID-19 has become an endemic. 

Lease Expense 
 
 D 
 
 Purchases of ENP Mendota and ENP Peru, the businesses we were renting from,
reduced our lease expense. 

The
factors that will most significantly affect future operating results will be: 

The
 sale price of crude oil which is used in the manufacture of aspartic acid we import from China. Aspartic acid is a key ingredient
 in our TPA product. If tariffs are maintained or expanded and if relief is not available, some customers may experience price increases; 

Activity
 in the oil and gas industry, as we sell our TPA product to oil and gas companies; 

Drought
 conditions, since we also sell our TPA product to farmers; and 

The
 impact of COVID-19 virus. 

Other
than the foregoing we do not know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had, or are reasonably expected to have, a material
impact on our revenues or expenses. 

12 

Capital
Resources and Liquidity 

Our
sources and (uses) of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown below: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash provided by operations 
 1,476,903 
 4,535,746 
 
 Purchase of investments 
 - 
 (500,000 
 
 Distributions from equity investments 
 265,001 
 359,300 
 
 Acquisition of ENP Peru, LLC 
 (499,329 
 - 
 
 Sale of property and equipment 
 - 
 263,380 
 
 Purchases of property, equipment and leaseholds 
 (1,981,307 
 (782,219 
 
 Advances of short term line of credit 
 517,772 
 184,746 
 
 Repayment of long term debt 
 (2,292,819 
 (943,080 
 
 Proceeds of long term debt 
 3,230,798 
 - 
 
 Lease payments 
 (58,611 
 (287,903 
 
 Distributions to non-controlling interests 
 (689,434 
 (804,003 
 
 Sale of common stock 
 140,620 
 140,440 
 
 Impact of foreign exchange rates 
 (30,069 
 96,391 

We
have sufficient cash resources to meets our future commitments and cash flow requirements for the coming year. As of December 31, 2022,
our working capital was 20,692,526 (2021 - 13,986,013) and we have no substantial commitments or capital requirements that require
significant outlays of cash over the coming fiscal year. 

We
are committed to minimum rental payments for property and premises aggregating approximately 219,480 over the term of two leases, the
last expiring on December 31, 2025. 

Commitments
for rent in the next three years are as follows: 

2023 
 77,100 
 
 2024 
 70,440 
 
 2025 
 71,940 

Other
than as disclosed above, we do not know of any trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or that are
reasonable likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. 

Other
than as disclosed above, we do not know of any significant changes in our expected sources and uses of cash. 

We
do not have any commitments or arrangements from any person to provide us with any equity capital. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Allowances
for Product Returns . We grant certain of our customers the right to return product which they are unable to sell. Upon sale, we evaluate
the need to record a provision for product returns based on our historical experience, economic trends and changes in customer demand. 

Allowances
for Doubtful Accounts Receivable . We evaluate our accounts receivable to determine if they will ultimately be collected. This evaluation
includes significant judgments and estimates, including an analysis of receivables aging and a review of large accounts. If, for example,
the financial condition of a customer deteriorates resulting in an impairment of its ability to pay or a pattern of late payment develops,
an allowance may be required. 

Provisions
for Inventory Obsolescence . We may need to record a provision for estimated obsolescence and shrinkage of inventory. Our estimates
would consider the cost of inventory, the estimated market value, the shelf life of the inventory and our historical experience. If there
are changes to these estimates, provisions for inventory obsolescence may be necessary. 

13 

Valuation
of Goodwill and Intangible Assets. We review goodwill and intangible assets to determine if there are qualitative factors which
exist which may indicate that the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Our estimates are based upon an assessment of market conditions
and expected future cash flows to be generated by the reporting units and related assets. If factors exist which indicate that the carrying
value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge against the goodwill and intangible assets could be required. 

Useful
Lives of Property, Equipment and Leaseholds and Intangible Assets. We amortize and depreciate our property, equipment and leaseholds
and intangible assets based on their estimated useful lives. We estimate the expected useful lives based on the expected term over which
the asset is expected to continue to generate economic benefit for our company. If there are differences between the expected useful
lives and the actual useful lives of the asset, impairment of property, equipment and leaseholds or intangible assets could be necessary. 

Revenue
Recognition. We follow a five-step model for revenue recognition. The five steps are: (1) identification of the contract(s) with
the customer, (2) identification of the performance obligation(s) in the contract(s), (3) determination of the transaction price, (4)
allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligation, and (5) recognition of revenue when (or as) the performance obligation
is satisfied. We fulfill our performance obligations when control of product transfers to the customer, which is generally at the time
the product is shipped since risk of loss is transferred to the purchaser upon delivery to the carrier. For shipments which are F.O.B.
shipping point, we have elected to account for shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised
service and performance obligation. 

Stock Based Compensation 
The fair value of share-based payments are subject to the limitations of the Black-Scholes option pricing model that incorporates market
data and involves uncertainty in estimates used by management in the assumptions. Because the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
the inputs of highly subjective assumptions, including the volatility of share prices, changes in subjective input assumptions can materially
affect the estimate. 

Income Taxes Tax interpretations,
regulations and legislation in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates are subject to change and interpretation. As such,
income taxes are subject to measurement uncertainty. Assessing the recoverability of deferred tax assets requires the Company to make
estimates related to the expectations of future taxable income and the application of existing tax laws. To the extent that future taxable
income differs significantly from estimates, the ability of the Company to realize deferred tax assets could be impacted. 

Privately Held Equity Investments
 The recoverability of privately held equity investments requires management to make certain assumptions and estimates. Changes in
these assumptions and estimates could result in materially different results. 

See
Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included as part of this report for a description of our significant accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

We
have evaluated recent accounting pronouncements issued since January 1, 2022 and determined that the adoption of these recent accounting
pronouncements will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

14 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Smythe LLP (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

15 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Flexible Solutions International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Flexible Solutions International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the
 Company which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of income and comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders equity for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of this critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation
of inventory 

At December 31, 2022, the Company s inventory balance was 14,419,430. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company records inventory at the lower of cost on a first-in, first-out or weighted average basis and net realizable value. To determine
inventory valuation, management conducts regular reviews of overhead costs and the calculation to allocate these expenditures to inventory
cost. 

We
identified the assessment of valuation of inventory as a critical audit matter. Auditing management s inventory valuation involved
significant judgment because the estimates are based on several factors. In particular, in estimating inventory cost inputs, management
developed assumptions such as the allocation of overhead expenditures to inventory cost. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We obtained an understanding and reviewed
the appropriateness over the Company s costing of inventory. We performed substantive procedures over the inputs of costing of inventory,
including overhead allocation by agreeing inputs to third party source documentation. We tested management s allocation of overhead
costs between inventory products by assessing the appropriateness of the allocation method and recalculated the formula used to determine
computational accuracy. 

Chartered
Professional Accountants 

March
31, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 1 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
at December 31 

 (U.S.
Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current 

Cash 

Term deposits 

Accounts receivable (Note 4) 

Inventories (Note 5) 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property, equipment and leaseholds, net (Note 6) 

Patents (Note 7) 
 - 

Right of use assets (Note 3) 

Intangible assets (Note 8) 

Long term deposits (Note 9) 

Investments (Note 10) 

Goodwill (Note 8) 

Deferred tax asset (Note 13) 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Short term line of credit (Note 11) 

Current portion of lease liability (Note 3) 

Current portion of long term debt (Note 12) 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability (Note 3) 

Deferred income tax liability (Note 13) 

Long term debt (Note 12) 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Capital stock (Note 16) 

Authorized: common shares with a par value of each; preferred shares with a par value of each
 Issued and outstanding: (2021: common shares 

Capital stock (Note 16) Authorized: 50,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.001 each; 1,000,000 preferred shares with a
 par value of 0.01 each Issued and outstanding: 12,426,260 (2021: 12,355,246) common shares 

Capital in excess of par value 

Other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated earnings 

Total stockholders equity controlling interest 

Non-controlling interests (Note 17) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 2 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

 For
the Years Ended December 31 

 (U.S.
Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Sales 

Cost of sales (Note 6, 7 8) 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Wages 

Administrative salaries and benefits 

Insurance 

Professional fees 

Office and miscellaneous 

Consulting 

Interest expense 

Advertising and promotion 

Investor relations and transfer agent fee 

Travel 

Lease expense 

Research 

Telecommunications 

Commissions 

Utilities 

Shipping 

Currency exchange 

Bad debt expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Gain on sale of land (Note 6) 
 - 

PPP loan forgiveness (Note 12) 
 - 

Gain on investments (Note 10) 

Gain on previously held equity interest (Note 10) 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 

Income before income tax 

Income taxes (Note 13) 

Deferred income tax recovery (expense) 

Current income tax expense 

Net income for the year 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income attributable to controlling interest 

Income per share (basic) (Note 14) 

Income per share (diluted) (Note 14) 

Weighted average number of common shares (basic) 

Weighted average number of common shares (diluted) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Net income 

Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions 

Total comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interests 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 3 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
Years Ended December 31 

 (U.S.
Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net income for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash: 

Stock based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Lease right of use financing 

Lease right of use amortization 

Gain on investments 

Bad debt expense 

Deferred income tax expense (recovery) 

Gain on sale of land 
 - 

Gain on acquisition of ENP Peru, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Changes in non-cash working capital items: 

Increase in accounts receivable 

Increase in inventories 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Increase in taxes payable 

Increase in deferred revenue 

Cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of investments 
 - 

Proceeds of equity investment distributions 

Acquisition of ENP Peru, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Sale of property and equipment 
 - 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Advance of short term line of credit 

Repayment of long term debt 

Proceeds of long term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Lease payments 

Distribution to non-controlling interest 

Sale of common stock 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Inflow of cash 

Cash resources, beginning 

Cash resources, ending 

Cash resources are comprised of: 

Cash 

Term deposits 

Cash resources 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 

Inventory additions in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (U.S.
Dollars) 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value 
 Accumulated Earnings 
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 
 Non- Controlling Interests 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Translation adjustment 

Net income 

Common stock issued 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Translation adjustment 

Net income 

Common stock issued 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

FLEXIBLE
SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (U.S.
Dollars) 

interest in ENP Investments, LLC ENP
Investments and ENP Mendota, LLC ENP Mendota ). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated
upon consolidation. The Company was incorporated on May 12, 1998 in the State of Nevada and had no operations until June 30, 1998. In
2019, the Company redomiciled into Alberta, Canada. 

In
2018, NanoChem completed the purchase of a interest in ENP Investments for an aggregate purchase price of . An unrelated
party owns the remaining interest in ENP Investments, and ENP Investments is consolidated into the financial statements. The outside
investor s ownership interest in ENP Investments is included in noncontrolling interests in these consolidated financial statements
from the acquisition date onward. In 2020, ENP Investments increased its investment in ENP Realty from to , making ENP Realty
a wholly-owned subsidiary of ENP Investments. In 2021, ENP Realty was renamed ENP Mendota and is consolidated into the financial statements. 

In
2022, NanoChem purchased an additional in ENP Peru, increasing its share to . ENP Investments owns the remaining , of
which the Company has a interest. ENP Peru was previously accounted for under the equity method however, is now consolidated into
the financial statements from the date control was obtained. The non-controlling interest portion of the 8.33 held by ENP Investments
is included in non-controlling interests in these consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company and its subsidiaries develop, manufacture and market specialty chemicals which slow the evaporation of water. One product, HEATSAVR ,
is marketed for use in swimming pools and spas where its use, by slowing the evaporation of water, allows the water to retain a higher
temperature for a longer period of time and thereby reduces the energy required to maintain the desired temperature of the water in the
pool. Another product, WATERSAVR , is marketed for water conservation in irrigation canals, aquaculture, and reservoirs where its
use slows water loss due to evaporation. In addition to the water conservation products, the Company also manufactures and markets water-soluble
chemicals utilizing thermal polyaspartate biopolymers (hereinafter referred to as TPAs ), which are beta-proteins manufactured
from the common biological amino acid, L-aspartic. TPAs can be formulated to prevent corrosion and scaling in water piping within the
petroleum, chemical, utility and mining industries. TPAs are also used as proteins to enhance fertilizers in improving crop yields and
can be used as additives for household laundry detergents, consumer care products and pesticides. The TPA division also manufactures
two nitrogen conservation products for agriculture that slows nitrogen loss from fields. 

The
outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus, specifically identified as COVID-19 , has resulted in a widespread health crisis
that has affected economies and financial markets around the world resulting in an economic downturn. This outbreak may also cause staff
shortages, reduced customer demand, increased government regulations or interventions, all of which may negatively impact the business,
financial condition or results of operations of the Company. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is unknown at this time
and it is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of these developments. 

that matures in 2023 and pays interest at a rate of .
If withdrawn before maturity, the greater of the loss of accrued interest or ,
plus 1 of the principal shall be levied. The other term deposit for 
pays 1.3 interest, matures in 2023 and can be withdrawn by the Company at any point without prior notice or penalty on the
principal. 

; 2021 - ). Shipping and handling costs
incurred are included in cost of goods sold (2022 - ; 2021 - ). 

Manufacturing
 equipment 

Office
 equipment 

Boat 

Building
 and improvements 

Trailer 

Automobiles 

Patents 

Technology 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Customer
 relationships 

Software

Level
 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level
 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets
 or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
 market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level
 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity which is significant to the fair value of the assets
 or liabilities. 

The
fair values of cash, term deposits, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and the short term line of credit for
all periods presented approximate their respective carrying amounts due to the short term nature of these financial instruments. 

The
fair value of the long term debt for all periods presented approximate their respective carrying amounts due to these financial instruments
being at market rates. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - or ). Accounts receivable for the Company s three primary customers
totaled at December 31, 2022 (2021 - or ). 

The
credit risk on cash is limited because the Company limits its exposure to credit loss by placing its cash with major financial institutions.
The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions which at times exceed federally insured amounts. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

The
Company is exposed to foreign exchange and interest rate risk to the extent that market value rate fluctuations materially differ from
financial assets and liabilities, subject to fixed long-term rates. 

In
order to manage its exposure to foreign exchange risks, the Company is closely monitoring the fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange
rates and the impact on the value of cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The Company has not hedged
its exposure to currency fluctuations. 

The
Company is exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the fair value or future cash flows for financial liabilities will fluctuate
as a result of changes in market interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its long-term debt. 

In
order to manage its exposure to interest rate risk, the Company is closely monitoring fluctuations in market interest risks and will
refinance its long-term debt where possible to obtain more favourable rates. 

Under
the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recorded at cost in the consolidated balance sheets under other assets and
adjusted for dividends received and the Company s share of the investee s earnings or losses together with other-than-temporary
impairments which are recorded through other income (loss), net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

Intangible
assets primarily include trademarks and trade secrets with indefinite lives and customer-relationships with finite lives. Intangible
assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if indicators of
impairment are present. Indefinite lived intangible assets are assessed using either a qualitative or a quantitative approach. The qualitative
assessment evaluates factors including macro-economic conditions, industry and company-specific factors, legal and regulatory environments,
and historical company performance in assessing fair value. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of
the intangible asset is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed. Otherwise, no further testing is required.
When using a quantitative approach, the Company compares the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount.
If the estimated fair value of the intangible asset is less than the carrying amount of the intangible asset, impairment is indicated,
requiring recognition of an impairment charge for the differential. 

In
accordance with FASB Codification Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, (ASC 350), qualitative assessments of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets were performed in 2022 and 2021. Based on the results of the assessment, it was determined that
it is more likely than not the reporting unit, customer lists and trademarks had a fair value in excess of their carrying amounts. Accordingly,
no further impairment testing was completed and no impairment charges related to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles were recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Finite-lived
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The Company reviews for impairment indicators
of finite-lived intangibles and other long-lived assets as described in the Impairment of Long Lived Assets significant
accounting policy. 

. 

Depreciation 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Depreciation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Lease Liability 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Lease interest expense 

Payments 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Lease interest expense 

Payments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Short-term portion 

Long-term portion 

Total 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Impact of discounting 

Lease liability, December 31, 2022 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

Total
 accounts receivable 

Raw materials and supplies 

Total
 inventory 

Automobiles 

Computer hardware 

Office equipment 

Manufacturing equipment 

Trailers 

Boat 

Leasehold improvements 

Technology 

Land 

2021 
 Accumulated 
 2021 

Cost 
 Depreciation 
 Net 
 
 Buildings and improvements 

Automobiles 

Computer hardware 

Office equipment 

Manufacturing equipment 

Trailers 

Boat 

Leasehold improvements 

Technology 

Land 

Amount
of depreciation expense for 2022: (2021 - and is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, acres of cleared and undeveloped land in Taber, AB Canada was disposed of for proceeds of CAD). With a cost of CAD) the Company recognized a gain of CAD) on the disposal. 

- 

2021 Cost 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 2021 Net 
 
 Patents 

Decrease
in 2022 cost was due to currency conversion. The cost as of December 31, 2022 in Canadian dollars is (2021 - CAD). 

Amount
of amortization for 2022 was (2021 - and is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income. 

Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Goodwill
relates to the acquisition of ENP Investments. Indefinite lived intangible assets consist of trade secrets and trademarks related to
the acquisition of ENP Investments. 

Definite Life Intangible Assets 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Amortization 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Amortization 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

Definite
lived intangible assets consist of customer relationships and software related to the acquisition of ENP Investments. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

ownership interest in ENP Peru, split between NanoChem and ENP Investments ), which was
acquired in fiscal 2016. ENP Peru is located in Illinois and leases warehouse space. In June 2022, NanoChem acquired an additional
 ownership interest at a cost of paid through a new mortgage and cash on hand. The non-controlling interest
of the owned by ENP Investments is included in non-controlling interest in these consolidated financial statements. The
Company s investment in ENP Peru was previously accounted for using the equity method, however, is now consolidated into the
consolidated financial statements from the date control was obtained. 

It
was determined that ENP Peru did not meet the definition of a business in accordance with FASB Codification Topic 805, Business
Combinations (ASC 805) , and the acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The following table summarizes the
final purchase price allocation of the consideration paid to the respective fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in ENP Peru as of the acquisition date. The gain on acquisition of ENP Peru represents a gain on remeasurement of
the Company s equity method investment immediately prior to the acquisition date. 

Assets acquired: 

Cash 

Building 

Land 

Liabilities assumed: 

Deferred tax liability 

Long term debt 

Total identifiable net assets: 

Excess of assets acquired over consideration 

Less investment eliminated upon consolidation 

Gain on acquisition of ENP Peru 

Return of equity 

Gain in equity method investment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Return of equity 

Gain in equity method investment 

Investment eliminated upon consolidation 

Balance, June 30 and December 31, 2022 
 - 

Net income 

b In
December 2018 the Company invested 
in Applied Holding Corp. Applied ). Applied is a captive insurance company and the Company received a non-convertible
promissory note for its investment which becomes due in 2021 but may be extended with notice for a maximum of two years. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered an agreement with Applied to extend the maturity date of this promissory note to
 . In accordance with FASB Codification Topic 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures (ASC
323), the Company has elected to account for this investment at cost. 

c In December 2018 the Company invested in Trio Opportunity Corp. Trio ), a privately held
entity. Trio is a real estate investment vehicle and the Company received non-voting Class B shares at /share. In
accordance with FASB Codification Topic 321, Investments Equity Securities ASC 321), the Company has elected to
account for this investment at cost. 

d) In
January 2019, the Company invested in a Florida based LLC that is engaged in international sales of fertilizer additives. The
Company accounts for this investment using the equity method of accounting. According to the operating agreement, the Company has a
 interest in the profit and loss of the Florida based LLC but does not have control. A
summary of the Company s investment follows: 

Gain in equity method investment 

Return of equity 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Gain in equity method investment 

Return of equity 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Gross profit 

Net income 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had sales of (2021 - to the Florida Based LLC, of which 
is included within Accounts Receivable as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - ). 

f) In
December 2020, the Company invested in
Lygos Inc. Lygos ), a privately held entity, under a Simple Agreement for Future Equity SAFE agreement. Lygos is a company developing a sustainable aspartic acid microbe strain. In 2021, the Company made a second SAFE
investment of . T he
Company has elected to account for this investment at cost. A summary of the Company s investment follows: 

Additional investment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 

.
The interest rate of this loan was subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is the 1 month
LIBOR as published in the Wall Street Journal (the Index ). Interest on the unpaid principal balance of this loan was
calculated using a rate of 
percentage points over the Index. Under no circumstances was the interest rate of this loan less than 
per annum or more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. The interest rate at December 31, 2021 was . 

The
revolving line of credit contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, including the following: compliance with laws, provisions
of financial statements and periodic reports, payment of taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of operating accounts
at Midland, Midland s access to collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of indebtedness, dispositions
of assets, granting liens, changes in business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and acquisitions, making investments
or distributions and affiliate transactions. NanoChem was a guarantor of of all the principal and other loan costs not to exceed
 . 

To
secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit, ENP Investments granted Midland a security interest
in all inventory, equipment and fixtures and acknowledges a separate commercial security agreement from guarantor to Midland dated February
15, 2011 which has now been terminated. 

Short-term
borrowings outstanding under the revolving line as of December 31, 2022 were nil (2021 - ). 

(b) In
October 2021, the Company signed a new agreement with Midland to replace the expiring credit line at Harris. In June 2022, the
Company closed the account. The revolving line of credit was for an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) , or (ii)
 of eligible domestic accounts receivable and certain foreign accounts receivable plus of inventory. Interest on the unpaid
principal balance of this loan was calculated using a rate of percentage points over the Index. Under no circumstances was the
interest rate of this loan less than per annum or more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. The interest rate at
December 31, 2021 was . 

The
revolving line of credit contained customary affirmative and negative covenants, including the following: compliance with laws, provision
of financial statements and periodic reports, payment of taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of operating accounts
at Midland, Midland s access to collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of indebtedness, dispositions
of assets, granting liens, changes in business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and acquisitions, making investments
or distributions and affiliate transactions. The covenants also required that the Company maintain a minimum ratio of qualifying financial
assets to the sum of qualifying financial obligations. 

To
secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit, the Company had granted Midland a security interest
in substantially all of the assets of NanoChem, exclusive of intellectual property assets which has been revoked. 

Short-term
borrowings outstanding under the revolving line as of December 31, 2022 were nil (December 31, 2021 - ). 

(c) In
June 2022, ENP Investments signed a new agreement with Stock Yards Bank and Trust Stock Yards to replace the credit
line at Midland. The revolving line of credit is for an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) , or (ii) 50-80 of
eligible domestic accounts receivable plus of inventory, capped at . Interest on the unpaid principal balance of this
loan will be calculated using the greater of prime or 4.0 . The interest rate at December 31, 2022 is . 

The
revolving line of credit contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including the following: compliance with laws,
provisions of financial statements and periodic reports, payment of taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of
operating accounts at Stock Yards, Stock Yard s access to collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of
indebtedness, dispositions of assets, granting liens, changes in business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and
acquisitions, making investments or distributions and affiliate transactions. NanoChem is a guarantor of 
of all the principal and other loan costs not to exceed .
The non-controlling interest is the guarantor of the remaining of all the principal and other loan costs not to exceed
 . As of December 31, 2022, ENP Investments was in compliance with all loan covenants. 

To
secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit, the Company granted Stock Yards a security interest
in substantially all of the assets of ENP Investments, exclusive of intellectual property assets. 

Short-term
borrowings outstanding under the revolving line as of December 31, 2022 were (2021- nil ). 

(d) In
June 2022, the Company signed a new agreement with Stock Yards to replace the credit line at Midland. The revolving line of credit
is for an aggregate amount of up to the lesser of (i) , or (ii) of eligible domestic accounts receivable and certain
foreign accounts receivable plus of inventory, capped at . Interest on the unpaid principal balance of this loan will
be calculated using the greater of prime or 4.0 . The interest rate at December 31, 2022 is . 

The
revolving line of credit contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including the following: compliance with laws, provision
of financial statements and periodic reports, payment of taxes, maintenance of inventory and insurance, maintenance of operating accounts
at Stock Yards, Stock Yards access to collateral, formation or acquisition of subsidiaries, incurrence of indebtedness, dispositions
of assets, granting liens, changes in business, ownership or business locations, engaging in mergers and acquisitions, making investments
or distributions and affiliate transactions. The covenants also require that the Company maintain a minimum ratio of qualifying financial
assets to the sum of qualifying financial obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all loan covenants. 

To
secure the repayment of any amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit, the Company granted Stock Yards a security interest
in substantially all of the assets of NanoChem, exclusive of intellectual property assets. 

Short-term
borrowings outstanding under the revolving line as of December 31, 2022 were (2021 - nil ). 

promissory note with Midland with a rate of to be repaid over years with
equal monthly installments plus interest. This money was used to purchase production equipment and interest for the year ended
December 31, 2021 was . In May 2021, ENP Investments paid the loan in full with cash on hand. 

b In
April 2020, NanoChem received a loan of through the Paycheck Protection Program with a rate of . In March 2021,
the loan was forgiven by the SBA and has been recorded as Other Income in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(c) In
April 2020, ENP Investments received a loan of through the Paycheck Protection Program with a rate of . In March
2021, the loan was forgiven by the SBA and has been recorded as Other Income in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(d) In
October 2020, NanoChem signed a term loan with Midland with a rate of to be repaid over years with equal monthly
payments including interest. The money was used to retire the debt at Harris related to the loan to purchase a interest in ENP
Investments. In June 2022, the loan was paid in full with funds from Stock Yards. Interest expense for the year December 31, 2022
was (2021 - ). The balance owing at December 31, 2022 was nil (2021 - ). 

(e) In
October 2020, NanoChem signed a loan for with Midland with an interest rate to be repaid over with equal
monthly payments including interest. The funds were used to replace the loan at Harris for the purchase of new manufacturing
equipment. In June 2022, the loan was paid in full with funds from Stock Yards. Interest expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 was (2021 - ). The balance owing at December 31, 2022 was nil (2021 - ). 

(f) In
January 2020, ENP Mendota refinanced its mortgage and signed a loan for with Stock Yards to be repaid over years with
monthly installments plus interest. Interest for the first five years is at and it will be adjusted for the last five years to
the Cincinnati Federal Home Bank Loan year fixed index plus . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 (2021 - ). The balance owing at December 31, 2022 is (2021 - ). 

(g) In
June 2022, NanoChem signed a loan for with Stock Yards with an interest rate of to be repaid
over with equal monthly payments including interest. The funds were used to replace the loans at Midland for the
purchase of the interest in ENP Investments and the new manufacturing equipment. Interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 was (2021 - nil ). The balance owing at December 31, 2022 is (2021 - nil ). 

(h) In
January 2020 ENP Peru signed a loan with an interest rate to be repaid over with equal monthly payments
including interest. Upon the purchase of the remainder of ENP Peru in June 2022, the Company assumed the first mortgage at Stock
Yards with a balance of . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 - nil ). The balance
owing at December 31, 2022 was (2021 - nil ). 

(i) In
June 2022, ENP Peru Investments obtained a second mortgage for with Stock Yards to be repaid over with monthly
installments plus interest with an interest rate of . Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 -
 nil ). The balance owing at December 31, 2022 was (2021 - nil ). 

(j) In
December 2022, NanoChem signed a three year loan for up to with Stock Yards with an interest rate of . Interest only
payments are required for the first 18 months with interest and principal being paid in the last 18 months. The funds are being used
to purchase new manufacturing equipment. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 - nil ). The
balance owing at December 31, 2022 is (2021 - nil ). 

As
of December 31, 2022, Company was in compliance with all loan covenants. 

Balance, beginning of period 

Plus: Proceeds from loans 
 
 - 
 
 Plus: Loan acquired with acquisition of ENP Peru 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Forgiveness on PPP loans 
 - 

Less: Payments on loan 

Balance, end of period 

e) Long term debt Midland States Bank 
 - 

f) Long term debt Stock Yards Bank Trust 

g) Long term debt Stock Yards Bank Trust 
 
 - 
 
 h) Long term debt Stock Yards Bank Trust 
 
 - 
 
 i) Long term debt Stock Yards Bank Trust 
 
 - 
 
 j) Long term debt Stock Yards Bank Trust 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less: current portion 

Long term debt 

Current tax, state 

Current tax, foreign 

Current tax 

Income tax recovery 
 
 - 
 
 Current tax, total 

Deferred income tax, federal 

Deferred income tax, state 

Deferred income tax, foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred income tax, total 

Total 

US statutory tax rates 

Expected income tax 

Non-deductible items 

Change in estimates and other 

Change in enacted tax rate 
 - 

Foreign tax rate difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income taxes 

Current income tax expense 

Deferred tax expense (recovery) 

Total income tax expense 

Included
in current income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 is a recovery of (2022 - nil for a revision of estimated
current taxes payable for previous years. 

Intangible assets 
 - 

Property, equipment and leaseholds 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

US 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Investments 

Property, equipment and leaseholds 

Property, equipment and leaseholds 

Financial instruments 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax asset not recognized 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

The
Company has non-capital loss carryforwards of approximately (2021 - which may be carried forward to apply against
future year income tax for Canadian income tax purposes, subject to the final determination by taxation authorities, expiring in the
following years: 

2031 

2032 

2037 

2039 

2040 

Total 

As
at December 31, 2022, the Company has no net operating loss carryforwards available for US tax purposes. 

Accounting
for Uncertainty for Income Tax 

As
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s consolidated balance sheets did not reflect an asset for uncertain tax positions,
nor any accrued penalties or interest associated with income tax uncertainties. The Company has no income tax examinations in progress. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income per common share attributable to controlling interest: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Certain
stock options whose terms and conditions are described in Note 15, Stock Options could potentially dilute basic EPS in
the future, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have been anti-dilutive. Those anti-dilutive
options are as follows. 

There
were preferred shares issued and outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

of the options
granted will vest the year following the grant. The maximum term of options granted is years and the exercise price for all options
are issued for not less than fair market value at the date of the grant. 

Granted 

Cancelled or expired 

Exercised 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled or expired 

Exercised 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The
weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding options is years. 

Interest rate 

Volatility 
 
- 

Weighted average fair value of options granted 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted (2021 stock options to consultants and has applied ASC 718
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which resulted in expenses of (2021 - ). Options granted in other years
resulted in additional expenses of (2021 ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, employees were granted 
(2021 stock options, which resulted in expenses of (2021 ). Options granted in other years resulted
in additional expenses in the amount of for employees during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - ). There were
 employee and consultant stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 employee;
 consultant). 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of compensation expense related to non-vested awards. This expense is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of vested options outstanding at December 31, 2022 is (2021 ). The intrinsic value
of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was (2021 - ). 

shares were issued upon the exercise of employee stock options (2021 and 
shares were issued upon the exercise of consultant stock options (2021 ). 

interest in ENP Investments through its wholly-owned subsidiary NanoChem. An unrelated party NCI owns the remaining 
interest in ENP Investments. ENP Mendota is a wholly owned subsidiary of ENP Investments. ENP Mendota leases warehouse space. For
financial reporting purposes, the assets, liabilities and earnings of both of the LLC s are consolidated into these financial
statements. The NCI s ownership interest in ENP Investments is recorded in non-controlling interests in these
consolidated financial statements. The non-controlling interest represents NCI s interest in the
earnings and equity of ENP Investments. ENP Investments is allocated to the TPA segment. 

ENP
Investments makes cash distributions to its equity owners based on formulas defined within its Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement
dated October 1, 2018. Distributions are defined in the Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement as cash on hand to the extent it exceeds
current and anticipated long-term and short-term needs, including, without limitation, needs for operating expenses, debt service, acquisitions,
reserves, and mandatory distributions, if any. 

From
the effective date of acquisition onward, the minimum distributions requirements under the Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement were
satisfied. The total distribution from the effective date of acquisition onward was . 

Distribution 

Non-controlling interest share of income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Distribution 

Non-controlling interest share of income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had sales of (2021 - to the NCI, of which is included within Accounts Receivable as of December 31, 2022 (2021 ). 

Interest expense 
 - 

Depreciation 

Current and deferred income tax expense 

Segment profit 

Segment assets 

Expenditures for segment assets 
 - 

Year
ended December 31, 2021: 

EWCP 
 BCPA 
 Consolidated 

Sales 

Interest expense 
 - 

Depreciation 

Current and deferred income tax expense 

Segment profit 

Segment assets 

Expenditures for segment assets 
 - 

United States and abroad 

Total 

United States 

Total 

Three
customers accounted for of sales made in 2022 (2021 - or ). 

shares to employees and 
shares to consultants upon the exercise of stock options in the three months ended March 30, 2023. 

F- 23 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports
to the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching our desired disclosure control objectives. 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 we carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer and implemented by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In
connection with the preparation of our annual financial statements, management has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or the 2013 COSO Framework. Management s assessment
included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of
those controls. 

Based
on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Daniel
 B. O Brien 
 
 66 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director 
 
 John
 H. Bientjes 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 Helina 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Tom
 Fyles 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Ben
 Seaman 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Fynn 
 
 65 
 
 Director 

Daniel
B. O Brien has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, as well as a director
since June 1998. He has been involved in the swimming pool industry since 1990, when he founded our subsidiary, Flexible Solutions Ltd.
From 1990 to 1998 Mr. O Brien was also a teacher at Brentwood College where he was in charge of outdoor education. 

John
H. Bientjes has been a director since 2000. From 1984 to 2018, Mr. Bientjes served as the manager of the Commercial Aquatic Supplies
Division of D.B. Perks Associates, Ltd., located in Vancouver, British Columbia, a company that markets supplies and equipment
to commercial swimming pools which are primarily owned by municipalities. Mr. Bientjes retired in 2018. Mr. Bientjes graduated in 1976
from Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, British Columbia with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and Commerce. 

Robert
T. Helina has been a director since 2011. Mr. Helina has been involved in the financial services industry for over 30 years which has
given him extensive knowledge in business, economics and finance. His specialty is in Corporate Finance and Capital Markets. Mr. Helina
holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Trinity Western University. 

Thomas
M. Fyles has been a director since 2012. Dr. Fyles holds chemistry degrees from the University of Victoria (B.Sc. 1974) and York University
(Ph.D. 1977). Following postdoctoral work in France, he joined the Chemistry Department at the University of Victoria in 1979 where he
progressed through the academic ranks to Professor (1992) , Chair (2001 2006; 2008), and, on his retirement, Professor Emeritus
(2017). His research program spanned analytical, synthetic, and physical chemistry with an emphasis on sensors, membranes, and water
treatment processes. 

Ben
Seaman has been a director since 2016. Mr. Seaman has been the CEO of Eartheasy.com Sustainable Living Ltd since 2007, growing the company
from 50K to over 25M in annual revenue. His company has contributed over 1M towards clean water projects in Kenya since 2013, and
has been recognized internationally by the Stockholm Challenge Award and the Outdoor Industry Inspiration Award in 2016. Prior to 2007,
he worked in sales and investor relations at Flexible Solutions. Mr. Seaman graduated from the University of Victoria with a Bachelor
of Science degree in 2004. He has significant experience in launching new products, marketing, distribution and e-commerce in both the
US and Canada. He s a strong believer in the triple bottom line approach to business, giving consideration to social and environmental
issues in addition to financial performance. 

David
Fynn has been a director since 2016. Mr. David Fynn is a Canadian Chartered Professional Accountant and services individuals/companies
in many sectors including mining and commodities in his private practice. Mr. Fynn worked as a senior manager with KPMG in Canada and
Ernst Young in the United Kingdom and Saudi Arabia. Since 1996 he has been the principal of D.A. Fynn Associates Inc., an
accounting firm. 

17 

Directors
are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified.
All executive offices are chosen by the board of directors and serve at the board s discretion. 

John
Bientjes, Thomas Fyles, Ben Seaman and David Fynn are independent directors as that term is defined in section 803 of the listing standards
of the NYSE American. 

Our
Audit Committee, consisting of John Bientjes, Ben Seaman and David Fynn all of whom have strong financial backgrounds, facilitates and
maintains open communications with our board of directors, senior management and our independent auditors. Our Audit Committee also serves
as an independent and objective party which monitors our financial reporting process and internal control system. In addition, our Audit
Committee reviews and appraises the efforts of our independent auditors. Our Audit Committee meets periodically with management and our
independent auditors. John Bientjes and David Fynn meet the SEC s definition of an audit committee financial expert. Each member
of the Audit Committee is independent as that term is defined in Section 803 of the listing standards of the NYSE American. 

Our
Compensation Committee, consisting of John Bientjes, Ben Seaman and David Fynn, establishes salary, incentive and other forms of compensation
for our Chief Executive Officer and administers our Stock Option Plan. None of our officers participated in deliberations of the compensation
committee concerning executive officer compensation. During the year ended December 31, 2022 none of our executive officers served as
a member of the compensation committee or as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our compensation
committee or as one of our directors. 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer,
as well as our other senior management and financial staff. Interested persons may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics from our website
at www.flexiblesolutions.com. 

We
believe our directors benefit us for the following reasons: 

Name 
 
 Reason 

Daniel
 B. O Brien 
 
 Long
 standing relationship with us. 
 
 John
 J. Bientjes 
 
 Long
 standing relationship with us. 
 
 Robert
 Helina 
 
 Corporate
 finance experience. 
 
 Dr.
 Thomas Fyles 
 
 Scientific
 expertise. 
 
 Ben
 Seaman 
 
 Younger
 generation businessman increases our awareness of internet sales and adds value to our audit and compensation committees 
 
 David
 Fynn 
 
 Experienced
 accountant adds value to our audit and compensation committees 

18 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table shows in summary form the compensation earned by (i) our Chief Executive Officer and (ii) by each other executive officer
who earned in excess of 100,000 during the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary (1) 
 Bonus (2) 
 Restricted Stock Awards (3) 
 Options Awards (4) 
 All Other Annual Compensation (5) 
 Total 

Daniel B. O Brien 
 2022 
 769,293 

660,000 
 
 769,293 
 
 President, Chief Executive Financial and Accounting Officer 
 2021 
 747,920 

747,920 

(1) 
 The
 dollar value of base salary (cash and non-cash) earned. 

(2) 
 The
 dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned. 

(3) 
 During
 the periods covered by the table, the value of the shares of restricted stock issued as compensation for services to the persons
 listed in the table. 

(4) 
 The
 value of all stock options granted during the periods covered by the table. 

(5) 
 All
 other compensation received that we could not properly report in any other column of the table. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company determined that Daniel B. O Brien, the Company s President and Chief Executive
Officer, was underpaid. Accordingly, the Company increased Mr. O Brien s annual salary to twice that which was paid to the
highest paid employee of the Company. Mr. O Brien requested his salary be dropped by 100,000/year during 2019 and the Compensation
committee agreed. The Company expects that Mr. O Brien s salary for the year ending December 31, 2023 will again be twice
the annual salary, less 100,000, paid to the Company s highest paid employee, excluding Mr. O Brien. 

Non-Qualified
Stock Option Plan 

In
August 2014 we adopted a Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan which authorizes the issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock
to persons that exercise options granted pursuant to the Plan. Our employees, directors and officers, and consultants or advisors are
eligible to be granted options pursuant to the Non-Qualified Plan. 

The
Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee. The Committee is vested with the authority to determine the number of shares issuable
upon the exercise of the options, the exercise price and expiration date of the options, and when, and upon what conditions options granted
under the Plan will vest or otherwise be subject to forfeiture and cancellation. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 we issued 5,000 options pursuant to the Non-Qualified Plan (2021 170,000). 

As
of December 31, 2022, options to purchase 710,000 shares of our common stock were outstanding under our Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.
The exercise price of these options varies between 1.70 and 4.13 per share and the options expire at various dates between on December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2026. 

Stock
Option Plans 

In
2022 we adopted a Stock Incentive Plan which authorizes the issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock to persons
that exercise options granted pursuant to the Plan. Our employees, directors and officers, and consultants or advisors are eligible to
be granted options pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan. 

The
Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee. The Committee is vested with the authority to determine the number of shares issuable
upon the exercise of the options, the exercise price and expiration date of the options, and when, and upon what conditions options granted
under the Plan will vest or otherwise be subject to forfeiture and cancellation. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 we issued 976,000 options pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan (2021 
nil). 

As
of December 31, 2022, options to purchase 976,000 shares of our common stock were outstanding under our Stock Incentive Plan.
The exercise price of these options are 3.55 per share and the options expire on December 31, 2027. 

19 

Summary 

The
following table shows the weighted average exercise price of the outstanding options granted pursuant to both our Non-Qualified Stock
Option Plan and Stock Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022, our most recently completed fiscal year. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 
 710,000 
 2.87 
 57,000 
 
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 976,000 
 3.55 
 524,000 

Our
Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan has been approved by our shareholders and we expect our Stock Incentive Plan to be approved by
our shareholders at our next Annual General Meeting. 

No
options were exercised by our executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

We
reimburse directors for any expenses incurred in attending board meetings. We also compensate directors 6,000 annually for each year
that they serve with an additional 4,000 paid to the head of the Audit Committee - 

Our
directors received the following compensation in 2022: 

Name 
 Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 Option Awards (2) 

John H. Bientjes 
 10,000 

Robert Helina 
 6,000 

Tom Fyles 
 6,000 

Ben Seaman 
 6,000 

David Fynn 
 6,000 

(1) 
 The
 fair value of stock issued for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 

(2) 
 The
 fair value of options granted computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 

Daniel
B. O Brien was not compensated for serving as a director during 2022. 

20 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table shows the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023 by (i) each stockholder who is known by us to
own beneficially more than five percent of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) by all of
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Shares (1) 
 Percentage Ownership 

Daniel B. O Brien 
 4,441,615 
 35.7 
 
 6001 54 Ave. 

Taber, AB 

Canada T1G 1X4 

John Bientjes 
 0 
 0 
 
 46081 Greenwood Dr. 

Chilliwack, BC 

Canada V2R 4C9 

Robert Helina 
 35,000 
 0.3 
 
 6001 54 Ave. 

Taber, AB 

Canada T1G 1X4 

Dr. Thomas Fyles 
 15,000 
 0.1 
 
 Box 3065 

Victoria, BC 

Canada V8W 3V6 

Ben Seaman 
 0 
 0 
 
 Unit 605 5 E. Cordova St. 

Vancouver BC 

Canada V6A 0A5 

David Fynn 
 0 
 0 
 
 202-2526 Yale Court, 

Abbotsford, BC 

Canada V2S 8G9 

All officers and directors 

as a group (6 persons) 
 4,491,615 
 36.1 

Other Principal Shareholders 

Comprehensive Financial Planning, Inc. 
 1,289,556 
 10.4 

(1) 
 Includes
 shares which may be acquired on the exercise of the stock options, all of which were exercisable as of March 30, 2023, listed below. 

21 

Name 
 
 No.
 of Options 

Exercise
 Price 

Expiration
 Date 

Robert
 Helina 

5,000 

3.46 

December
 31, 2023 

5,000 

2.44 

December
 31, 2024 

5,000 

2.44 

December
 31, 2025 

5,000 

3.61 

December
 31, 2026 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

Smythe
LLP examined our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Fees 

Smythe
LLP was paid 128,456 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for professional services rendered in the audit of our annual financial
statements and for the reviews of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during that fiscal year. Smythe
LLP was paid 114,800 for professional services rendered in the audit of our annual financial statements and for the reviews of the financial
statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during fiscal 2021. 

Tax
Fees 

Smythe
LLP has been retained to file our taxes for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and onwards. No fees have been charged to date. 

All
Other Fees 

Smythe
LLP was not paid any other fees for professional services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

Rules
adopted by the SEC in order to implement requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require public company audit committees to pre-approve
audit and non-audit services. Our Audit Committee has adopted a policy for the pre-approval of all audit, audit-related and tax services,
and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. The policy provides for an annual review of an audit plan and
budget for the upcoming annual financial statement audit, and entering into an engagement letter with the independent auditors covering
the scope of the audit and the fees to be paid. Our Audit Committee may also from time-to-time review and approve in advance other specific
audit, audit-related, tax or permissible non-audit services. In addition, our Audit Committee may from time-to-time give pre-approval
for audit services, audit-related services, tax services or other non-audit services by setting forth such pre-approved services on a
schedule containing a description of, budget for, and time period for such pre-approved services. The policy requires our Audit Committee
to be informed of each service and the policies do not include any delegation of our Audit Committee s responsibilities to management.
Our Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated
will report any pre-approval decisions to our Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 our Audit Committee approved all of the fees paid to Smythe LLP. Our Audit Committee has determined
that the rendering of all non-audit services by Smythe LLP is compatible with maintaining its independence. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant. (1) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries. (2) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Accountants. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive and Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed with the Commission on February 22, 2000, and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

(2) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on January 22, 2003, and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 31, 2023 
 Flexible
 Solutions International, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Daniel B. O Brien 

Name: 
 Daniel
 B. O Brien 

Title: 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Daniel B. O Brien 
 
 President,
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 B. O Brien 

/s/
 John H. Bientjes 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 John
 H. Bientjes 

/s/
 Robert T. Helina 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Robert
 T. Helina 

/s/
 Thomas Fyles 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Fyles 

/s/
 Ben Seaman 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ben
 Seaman 

/s/
 David Fynn 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 Fynn 

23 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our Independent Auditors Report, dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Flexible
Solutions International, Inc. (the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 appearing in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of such report in
the Company s registration statements on Form S-8 (File No s. 333- 270291, 333-205566 and 333-205375). 

Smythe
LLP 

 Chartered
Professional Accountants 

Vancouver,
 Canada 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Daniel B. O Brien, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Flexible Solutions International, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by the report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Daniel B. O Brien 

Daniel
 B. O Brien 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Daniel B. O Brien, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Flexible Solutions International, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by the report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Daniel B. O Brien 

Daniel
 B. O Brien 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CertificatION
of Principal Executive Officer 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 

 the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the
undersigned Principal Executive and Financial Officer of Flexible Solutions International, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify
that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Daniel B. O Brien 

Daniel
 B. O Brien 

Principal
 Executive and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 fsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 fsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 fsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

