<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1661053_0001493152-23-006587.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5032833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322793</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>932775</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1622966</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>955611</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1062302</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006587.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302164707
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006587
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			enVVeno Medical Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001661053
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				330936180
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38325
		FILM NUMBER:		23699837

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 DOPPLER
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-261-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		70 DOPPLER
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hancock Jaffe Laboratories, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006587.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ___________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s): 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last
business date of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), based on the last sale price of the registrant s
common stock on such date was million. 

As
of February 27, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. Business 
 2 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

ITEM 2. Properties 
 29 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 

ITEM 4. Mine and Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer of Equity Securities 
 30 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures and Market Risk 
 33 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 

ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 34 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 34 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 34 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 34 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 42 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 56 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedules 
 56 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

Signatures 
 59 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains, or may contain, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties. Such statements
may include, without limitation, statements with respect to the Company s plans, objectives, projections, expectations and intentions
and other statements identified by words such as may, will, could, would, should, 
 believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, 
 potential or similar expressions. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company s
management and do not constitute guarantees of future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in the
forward-looking statements and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under Risk Factors, 
as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Actual results (including, without limitation, the actual timing for and results
of the clinical trials described herein, and FDA review of the Company s products in development) may differ significantly from
those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are subject
to change based on various factors (many of which are beyond the Company s control). 

You
are further cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K
or, in the case of documents referred to or incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. 

All
subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly
any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable U.S. securities law. If we do update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, 
 our company, NVNO , or similar terminology refer to enVVeno Medical Corporation. 

We
use our registered trademarks and trade names, such as VenoValve in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Solely for convenience,
trademarks and trade names referred to in this Form 10-K appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended
to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert
its rights, to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks
to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

1 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 

Overview 

enVVeno
Medical Corporation is a late stage clinical med-tech company focused on the advancement of innovative bioprosthetic
(tissue-based) solutions to improve the standard of care for the treatment of venous disease. Chronic Venous Disease (CVD) is the
world s most prevalent chronic disease, impacting approximately 71 of the adult population of the U.S. Chronic Venous
Insufficiency (CVI), is a large subset of CVD, which most often occurs when valves inside of the veins of the leg become damaged,
resulting in the backwards flow of blood (reflux), blood pooling in the lower leg, increased pressure in the veins of the leg
(venous hypertension) and in severe cases, venous ulcers that are difficult to heal. The Company is developing surgical and
non-surgical replacement venous valves for patients suffering from severe CVI of the deep venous system of the leg. 

The
Company s lead product is the VenoValve , which is a first-in-class surgical replacement venous valve that is currently being
evaluated in a U.S. pivotal study. The Company is also developing a second product called enVVe , which is a first-in-class, non-surgical,
transcatheter based replacement venous valve. The Company is currently waiting for regulatory approval to begin a first-in-human study
for enVVe. Both the VenoValve and enVVe are designed to act as one-way valves, to help assist in propelling blood up the veins of the
leg, and back to the heart and lungs. 

The
VenoValve and enVVe are being developed first for approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). We expect the VenoValve to
be eligible for FDA approval first, followed two to three years later by enVVe. Once approved, we expect the VenoValve and enVVe to co-exist,
with the VenoValve as a surgical replacement venous valve option and enVVe as a non-surgical replacement venous valve option. There are
currently no devices approved as surgical or non-surgical replacement venous valves, and there are no effective treatments for deep venous
CVI caused by incompetent valves. 

Our
team of officers and directors has been affiliated with numerous medical devices that have received FDA approval or CE marking and that
have been commercially successful. We develop and manufacture our products in a 14,507 sq. ft. leased manufacturing facility in Irvine,
California, which has been ISO 13485-2020 certified for the design, development and manufacturing of tissue based implantable medical
devices. 

2 

CVI Background 

Chronic venous disease CVD is the world s most prevalent chronic disease. CVD is generally classified using a standardized system known as CEAP (clinical,
etiological, anatomical, and pathophysiological). The CEAP system consists of seven clinical classifications (C0 to C6) with C4, C5 and
C6 being the most severe categories of CVD. 

Chronic Venous Insufficiency CVI is a large subset of CVD and is generally used to describe patients with C4 to C6 CVD. CVI is a debilitating condition that affects the
venous system of the leg causing pain, swelling, edema, skin changes, and ulcerations. 

The human leg contains three vein
systems: the deep vein system, the superficial vein system, and the perforator vein system which connects the deep system to the superficial
system. The deep venous system is located below the muscle and facia in the center portion of the leg and is responsible for approximately
90 of the blood flow. In order for blood to return to the heart from the foot, ankle, and lower leg, the calf muscle serves as a pump
and pushes the blood up the veins of the leg against gravity and through a series of one-way valves. Each valve is supposed to open as
blood passes through, and then close as blood progresses up the veins of the leg to the next valve. CVI occurs when the one-way valves
in the veins of the leg fail and become incompetent. When the valves fail, gravity causes the blood to flow backwards and in the wrong
direction (reflux). As blood pools in the lower leg, pressure inside the veins increases (venous hypertension). Reflux, and the resulting
venous hypertension, causes the leg to swell, resulting in debilitating pain, and in the most severe cases, venous ulcers. 

Severe CVI sufferers experience
a significantly reduced quality of life. Daily activities such as preparing meals, housework, and personal hygiene (washing and bathing)
become difficult due to reduced mobility. For many severe CVI sufferers, intense pain, which frequently occurs at night, prevents patients
from getting adequate sleep. Severe CVI sufferers are known to miss approximately 40 more workdays than the average worker. A high percentage
of venous ulcer patients also experience severe itching, leg swelling, and an odorous discharge. Wound dressing changes, which occur several
times a week, can be extremely painful. Venous ulcers from deep venous CVI are very difficult to heal, and a significant percentage of
venous ulcers remain unhealed for more than a year. Even if healed, recurrence rates for venous ulcers are known to be high (20 to 40 within the first year and as high as 60 after five years. Patients with severe CVI often become housebound and experience social isolation
due to difficulty with ambulation. As a result, studies have shown that patients with active venous ulcers experience higher rates of
anxiety and depression, with reported rates of anxiety of up to 30 and depression up to 40 . Rates of depression caused by venous ulcers
among the elderly are even higher, with 48 of elderly venous ulcer patients having severe depressive symptoms. 

Prevalence is generally defined
as the portion of the population that has a given condition. Estimates indicate that the prevalence of people in the U.S. with severe,
deep venous CVI (C4 to C6 disease) with reflux to be approximately 20 million. Incidence is generally defined as the number of new cases
of an ailment that develop in a given time period. We estimate that approximately 3.5 million new patients with severe deep venous CVI
are diagnosed each year in the U.S. including patients that develop venous leg ulcers (C6 patients). The average patient seeking treatment
of a venous ulcer spends as much as 30,000 a year on wound care, and the total direct medical costs from venous ulcer sufferers in the
U.S. has been estimated to exceed 3 billion a year. 

3 

VenoValve 

The VenoValve
is a porcine based replacement venous valve developed at enVVeno Medical to be surgically implanted in the deep venous system of the leg
to treat severe CVI. By reducing reflux and lowering pressure (venous hypertension) within the deep venous system of the leg, the VenoValve
has the potential to reduce or eliminate the symptoms of severe deep venous CVI, including the potential to heal recurring venous leg
ulcers. The VenoValve is implanted into the femoral vein of the patient in an open surgical procedure via a 5-to-6-inch incision in the
upper thigh. As our planned initial entrant to the replacement venous valve market, we estimate that approximately 2.5 million people
with severe deep venous CVI in the U.S. would be candidates for the VenoValve. 

VenoValve
Clinical Status 

After
consultation with the FDA, and as a precursor to the U.S. pivotal trial, in 2020 we conducted a small first-in-human study for the
VenoValve in Colombia which included eleven (11) patients. In addition to providing safety and efficacy data, the purpose of the
first-in-human study was to provide proof of concept, and to provide feedback to make any necessary product modifications or
adjustments to our surgical implantation procedure for the VenoValve prior to conducting the SAVVE (Surgical Anti-reflux Venous
Valve Endoprosthesis) U.S. pivotal trial. Endpoints for the VenoValve first-in-human study included safety (device related adverse
events), reflux, measured by Duplex Ultrasound, a rVCSS score used by the clinician to measure disease severity and progress, a VAS
score used by the patient to measure pain, and quality of life measurements. 

Results
from the one year first-in-human study were presented at the Charing Cross International Symposium in April of 2021. Among the
eleven (11) patients in the study, reflux improved an average of 54 , Venous Clinical Severity Scores VCSSs improved
an average of 56 , and visual analog scale (VAS) scores, which are used by patients to measure pain, improved an average of 76 , all
at one (1) year when compared to pre-surgery levels. VCSS scores are commonly used by clinicians in practice and in clinical trials
to objectively assess outcomes in the treatment of venous disease, and include ten characteristics including pain, inflammation,
skin changes such as pigmentation and induration, the number of active ulcers, and ulcer duration. The improvement in VCSS scores is
significant and indicates the VenoValve patients who had severe CVI pre-surgery, had mild CVI or the complete absence of disease at
one-year post surgery. 

Related safety incidences during
the one year first-in-human study for the VenoValve included one (1) fluid pocket (which was aspirated), intolerance from Coumadin anticoagulation
therapy, three (3) minor wound infections (treated with antibiotics), and one occlusion due to patient non-compliance with anti-coagulation
therapy. 

On August 3, 2020, we announced
that the FDA granted Breakthrough Device Designation status to the VenoValve. The FDA s Breakthrough Devices Program was established
to enable priority review for devices that provide more effective treatment or diagnosis of life threatening or irreversibly debilitating
diseases or conditions. The goal of the FDA s Breakthrough Devices Program is to provide patients and health care providers with
timely access to medical devices by speeding up their development, assessment, and review, while preserving the FDA s mission to
protect and promote public health. 

In March 2021, we submitted an
IDE application with the FDA and in April 2021, we received notification from the FDA that our IDE application was approved. An investigational
device exemption or IDE from the FDA is required before a medical device company can proceed with a pivotal trial for a class III medical
device. This approval allowed us to proceed with our SAVVE study, a prospective, non-blinded, single arm, multi-center study of seventy-five
(75) CVI patients to be enrolled at up to 20 U.S. sites. We later received permission from the FDA to increase the number of clinical
sites to up to 30. 

At the end of the VenoValve first-in-human
study, eight (8) study participants agreed to additional monitoring. In November of 2022, three-year follow-up data was presented at the
49th Annual VEITH Symposium in New York city for this cohort of patients. That data indicated no recurrences of the severe CVI that was
present pre-VenoValve, including no ulcer recurrences for those patients who had venous ulcers (C6 patients) prior to receiving the VenoValve.
There were no reported safety issues from the end of one (1) year first-in-human study to the end of the three (3) year reporting period.
In addition, the patients continued to show improvements compared to pre-surgery levels, reporting 62 , 64 , and 84 , average improvements
in reflux, VCSS, and VAS scores, respectively, at an average of three (3) years post VenoValve surgery. One DVT occurred between year
2 and year 3 due to patient non-compliance with anti-coagulation medication. In addition to presenting at leading academic and vascular
conferences around the world, results from the VenoValve first-in-human study and following observational period have been published in
the Journal of Vascular Surgery Venous and Lymphatic Disorders , the Journal of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery , and JAMA
Surgery Journal. 

4 

In
November of 2022, we announced we had passed a preliminary safety review by the FDA for the first twenty (20) patients enrolled in the
SAVVE trial. The FDA had requested that we submit preliminary safety data at thirty (30) days post VenoValve implantation for the first
twenty (20) patients enrolled in the study. The preliminary safety data included one (1) device related (mild) and two (2) procedure
related (moderate) adverse events. After review by the FDA, the study was cleared to continue without modification or interruption. 

As widely reported in the media,
the lasting impact from the COVID-19 pandemic has put an enormous strain on hospital resources including their clinical staff. Hospitals
continue to be severely understaffed, which impacts the rate at which clinical trials enroll and progress. We have taken several steps
to help address the hospital staffing shortages, including our hiring of 4 Clinical Technologists, with extensive and specialized experience
in duplex sonography of the deep venous system, to assist in training site personnel, proctoring Duplex Ultrasound examinations, and
providing assistance for the SAVVE study. 

As of the date of this Annual Report,
we have twenty (20) clinical trial sites activated and eligible to enroll patients in the SAVVE trial and have completed forty-three
(43) successful surgeries. Our guidance is to reach full enrollment in the SAVVE study by the end of the second quarter of 2023.
Enrollment continues to be somewhat inconsistent, with strong enrollment months interspersed with slower enrollment months. We will
change the guidance, if necessary, if and when we determine that new guidance is necessary. 

enVVe 

On September 21, 2022, we announced
the development of a non-surgical transcatheter based replacement venous valve called enVVe , for the treatment of CVI of the deep
veins of the leg. Preliminary bench testing and animal testing for enVVe were completed before our announcement. We also filed an application
seeking approval to begin first-in-human (FIH) testing in Columbia which we expect to receive by the end of the first quarter of 2023. 

The enVVe first-in-human trial
will be known as the Transcatheter Anti-reflux, Venous Valve Endoprosthesis first-in-human (TAVVE-FIH) study. The initial phase of the
TAVVE-FIH study will seek to enroll 3 to 5 patients across multiple sites. Several parameters will be evaluated over the course of the
study including safety and technical success of the enVVe venous valve delivery system, and the safety and clinical performance of the
enVVe venous valve. 

enVVe is delivered into the femoral
vein of the patient via a minimally invasive procedure requiring no general anesthesia and no overnight hospital stay. Due to the minimally
invasive nature of the procedure, we expect to be able to reach patients with less severe CVI or who are otherwise not good candidates
for a surgical device, and estimate the U.S. market for enVVe to be approximately 3.5 million patients. 

Cash Position 

During 2021 we raised 61.4 million
in gross proceeds from capital in offerings of our securities including a public offering in February, and a registered direct offering
in September priced at the market under Nasdaq rules and purchased by a fund managed by Perceptive Advisors, a leading life sciences investment
firm. We finished 2022 with approximately 39.1 million of cash and investments. At our existing cash burn rate of approximately 4 to
 5 million per quarter, we should have sufficient cash to fund operations through the end of 2024 and into 2025. 

5 

Government
Regulation 

Our
product candidates and our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, and other federal and state authorities in the
United States, as well as comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. Our product candidates are subject to regulation as medical
devices in the United States under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), as implemented and enforced by the
FDA. The FDA regulates the development, design, non-clinical and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging,
storage, installation, distribution, servicing, recordkeeping, premarket clearance or approval, adverse event reporting, advertising,
promotion, marketing, and import and export of medical devices to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective
for their intended uses and otherwise meet the requirements of the FDCA. 

PMA
Approval Pathway 

Class
III devices such as the VenoValve and enVVe generally require pre-market approval (PMA) before they can be marketed in the U.S. The
PMA review and approval process is more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process. In a PMA, the manufacturer must
demonstrate that the device is safe and effective, and the PMA must be supported by extensive data, including data from preclinical
studies and human clinical trials. The PMA also must contain a full description of the device and its components, a full description
of the methods, facilities and controls used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA
determines whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for
review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its review of a PMA, although in practice, the FDA s review often takes
significantly longer, and can take several years. An advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and
evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept
the panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA generally will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the applicant or its
third-party manufacturers manufacturing facility or facilities to ensure compliance with the QSR. The FDA will approve the
new device for commercial distribution if it determines that the data and information in the PMA constitute valid scientific
evidence and that there is reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). 

The
FDA may approve a PMA with post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other
things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution, and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients in the clinical
study that supported PMA approval, or requirements to conduct additional clinical studies post-approval. The FDA may condition PMA approval
on some form of post-market surveillance when deemed necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and efficacy
data for the device in a larger population or for a longer period of use. In such cases, the manufacturer might be required to follow
certain patient groups for a number of years and to make periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients. Failure
to comply with the conditions of approval can result in material adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the PMA approval.
Certain changes to an approved device, such as changes in manufacturing facilities, methods or quality control procedures, or changes
in the design performance specifications, which affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement.
PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as a PMA, except that the supplement is limited to information
needed to support any changes from the device covered by the original PMA and may not require as extensive clinical data or the convening
of an advisory panel. Certain other changes to an approved device require the submission of a new PMA, such as when the design change
causes a different intended use, mode of operation and technical basis of operation, or when the design change is so significant that
a new generation of the device will be developed, and the data that were submitted with the original PMA are not applicable for the change
in demonstrating a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. The VenoValve will require the approval of a PMA. 

Clinical
Trials in Support of PMA 

Clinical
trials are almost always required to support a PMA submission. All clinical investigations of devices to determine safety and effectiveness
must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption (IDE) regulations, which govern investigational
device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities
of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk, to human health, as defined by the
FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human
clinical trials. A significant risk device is one that presents a potential for serious risk to the health, safety or welfare of a patient
and either is implanted, used in supporting or sustaining human life, substantially important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating
disease or otherwise preventing impairment of human health, or otherwise presents a potential for serious risk to a subject. The VenoValve
required IDE applications prior to human testing in the United States, and we believe any future products such as the enVVe will also
require IDE applications before human testing in the United States. 

An
IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the
device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt
by the FDA unless the FDA notifies the company that the investigation may not begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies
or other concerns with an IDE for which it requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional
approval. 

In
addition to IDE approval, a human study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board, or
IRB, for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the study, and may pose additional requirements
for the conduct of the study. If an IDE application is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a
specific number of investigational sites with a specific number of patients, as approved by the FDA. Acceptance of an IDE application
for review does not guarantee that the FDA will allow the IDE to become effective and, if it does become effective, the FDA may or may
not determine that the data derived from the trials support the safety and effectiveness of the device or warrant the continuation of
clinical trials. An IDE supplement must be submitted to, and approved by, the FDA before a sponsor or investigator may make a change
to the investigational plan that may affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights, safety or welfare of human subjects.
During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting
clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping
and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators
in the clinical study are also subject to FDA s regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational
plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements.
Additionally, after a trial begins, we, the FDA or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons,
including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. 

6 

Post-market
Regulation 

After
a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: establishing
registration and device listing with the FDA; QSR requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to
follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and
manufacturing process; labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of investigational products, or off-label 
uses of cleared or approved products; requirements related to promotional activities; clearance or approval of product modifications
that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of one of our cleared
devices; medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused
or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely
to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; correction, removal and recall reporting regulations,
which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to
health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA; and post-market surveillance activities and regulations. 

Regulation
Outside of the U.S. 

Each
country or territory outside of the U.S. has its own rules and regulations with respect to the manufacture, marketing and sale of medical
devices. For example, in December of 2018, we received regulatory approval from Instituto Nacional de Vigilancia de Medicamentos y Alimentos,
the Colombian equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, for our first-in-human study for the VenoValve in Colombia. At this
time, other than the first-in-human trial in Colombia, we have not determined which countries outside of the U.S., if any, we will seek
approval for our product candidates. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe we will offer the venous disease treatment market a compelling value proposition with the launch of our product candidates, if
approved, for the following reasons: 

We
 have extensive experience of proprietary processing and manufacturing methodology specifically applicable to the design, processing,
 manufacturing and sterilization of our biologic tissue devices. 

We
 operate a 14,507 square foot manufacturing facility in Irvine, California. Our facility is designed expressly for the manufacture
 of Class III tissue based implantable medical devices and is equipped for research and development, prototype fabrication, current
 good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, and manufacturing and shipping for Class III medical devices, including biologic cardiovascular
 devices. 

We
 have attracted senior executives who are experienced in research and development and who have worked on numerous medical devices
 that have received FDA approval or CE marking. We also have the advantage of an experienced board of directors and scientific advisory
 board who will provide guidance as we move towards market launch. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
possess an extensive proprietary processing and manufacturing methodology specifically applicable to the design, processing, manufacturing
and sterilization of biologic devices. This includes FDA compliant quality control and assurance programs, proprietary tissue processing
technologies demonstrated to eliminate recipient immune responses, trusted relationship with abattoir suppliers, and a combination of
tissue preservation and gamma irradiation that enhances device functions and guarantees sterility. We have filed numerous patent applications
for the VenoValve with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and throughout the world. We currently have seventeen (17) patents
granted from agencies around the world including four (4) from the USPTO. 

Employees 

As
of February 27, 2023, we had thirty (30) full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining
agreement, and we have never experienced any work stoppage. We believe we have good relations with our employees. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on December 22, 1999. Our principal executive offices are located at 70 Doppler, Irvine, California, 92618,
and our telephone number is (949) 261-2900. Our corporate website address is www.envveno.com. The information contained on or accessible
through our website is not a part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report is an inactive
textual reference only. 

7 

ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, before deciding to invest in our securities. If any of the following
risks materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects will likely be materially and adversely affected.
In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary 

The
risk factors described below are a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in us. These are not the only
risks we face. You should carefully consider these risk factors and the other reports and documents filed by us with the SEC. 

We
 have incurred significant losses since our inception, expect to incur significant losses in the future and may never achieve or sustain
 profitability; 

We
 depend entirely on the successful and timely regulatory approval and commercialization of our current, and any future, product candidates
 which may not receive regulatory approval or, if our current or future product candidates do receive regulatory approval, we may
 not be able to successfully commercialize them; 

The
 success of our current or future products, if approved, will be determined based on whether surgeons and patients in our target markets
 accept them; 

Failure
 to scale up the manufacturing process of our current or future product candidates in a timely manner, or at all; 

Our
 ability to retain and recruit key personnel, including the development of a sales and marketing infrastructure; 

Reliance
 on third party suppliers for certain components of our product candidates; 

If
 we successfully develop product candidates, our ability to commercialize and distribute our product candidates in the United States
 and internationally, depends on our ability to demonstrate the efficacy and financial viability of our products to doctors, hospitals,
 insurance companies, and other stakeholders; 

Changes
 in external competitive market factors; 

Uncertainties
 in generating sustained revenue or achieving profitability; 

Unanticipated
 working capital or other cash requirements; 

Changes
 in FDA regulations, including testing procedures, for medical devices and related promotional and marketing activities; 

Our
 estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for, or ability to obtain, additional
 financing; 

Our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection; 

Product
 liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, limit sales of our existing product candidates and
 limit commercialization of any products that we may develop; 

Our
 ability to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market; and 

Changes
 in our business strategy or an inability to execute our strategy due to unanticipated changes in the medical device industry or the
 impact of COVID-19 on our clinical trials. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Strategy 

We
have incurred losses since our inception, expect to incur losses in the future and may never achieve or sustain
profitability. 

We
have historically incurred losses, including net losses of 24.7 million and 16.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. Our losses have resulted primarily from our research programs and the development of our product candidates as
well as from costs related to general and administrative expenses relating to our operations. Currently, we are not generating
revenue from operations, and we expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we seek to obtain regulatory approval for our
product candidates. Additionally, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase due to the additional
operational costs associated with our SAVVE and TAVVE studies, as well as the projected expansion of our operations. We do not
expect to generate significant revenue until any of our product candidates are licensed or sold, if ever. We may never generate
significant revenue or become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability
on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to achieve and subsequently sustain profitability could harm our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
currently depend entirely on the successful and timely regulatory approval and commercialization of our current lead product candidate,
and any future product candidates, which may not receive regulatory approval or, if any of our product candidates do receive regulatory
approval, we may not be able to successfully commercialize them. 

We
currently have two product candidates, the VenoValve and the enVVe, and our business presently depends entirely on our success with these
product candidates. In order for our product candidates to succeed they need to be approved by regulatory authorities, which may never
happen. Our product candidates are based on technologies that have not been used previously in the manner we propose. Market acceptance
of our product candidates will largely depend on our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, efficacy, cost-effectiveness and ease
of use. We may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates. If we fail to do so, we will not be able
to generate substantial revenues, if any. 

We
are subject to rigorous and extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by comparable agencies in other jurisdictions, including
the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, in the European Union, or EU. Our product candidates are currently in development and we
have not received FDA approval for them. Our product candidates may not be marketed in the United States until they have been approved
by the FDA and may not be marketed in other jurisdictions until they have received approval from the appropriate foreign regulatory agencies.
Each product candidate requires significant research, development, preclinical testing and extensive clinical investigation before submission
of any regulatory application for marketing approval. 

8 

Obtaining
regulatory approval requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we may not be able to obtain approval of any of our
product candidates on a timely basis, or at all. The number, size, design and focus of preclinical and clinical trials that will be required
for approval by the FDA, the EMA or any other foreign regulatory agency varies depending on the device, the disease or condition that
the product candidates are designed to address and the regulations applicable to particular products. Preclinical and clinical data can
be interpreted in different ways, which could delay, limit or preclude regulatory approval. The FDA, the EMA and other foreign regulatory
agencies can delay, limit or deny approval of a product for many reasons, including, but not limited to: 

a
 product candidate may not be shown to be safe or effective; 

the
 clinical and other benefits of a product candidate may not outweigh its safety risks; 

we
 may not be able to enroll enough patients to complete our product studies; 

clinical
 trial results may be negative or inconclusive, or adverse medical events may occur during a clinical trial; 

trial
 patients may expire from reasons unrelated to our product, impairing our trials; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by regulatory agencies for approval; 

regulatory
 agencies may interpret data from pre-clinical and clinical trials in different ways than we do; 

regulatory
 agencies may not approve the manufacturing process or determine that the manufacturing is not in accordance with current good manufacturing
 practices, or cGMPs; 

a
 product candidate may fail to comply with regulatory requirements; and/or 

regulatory
 agencies might change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

If
our product candidates are not approved at all or quickly enough to provide net revenues to defray our operating expenses, our business,
financial condition, operating results and prospects could be harmed. 

If
we are unable to successfully raise additional capital, our future clinical trials and product development could be limited and our long-term
viability may be threatened. 

We
have experienced negative operating cash flows since our inception and have funded our operations primarily from proceeds received
from sales of our capital stock, and the issuance of the convertible and non-convertible notes. We will need to seek additional funds in the future through equity or debt financings, or strategic
alliances with third parties, either alone or in combination with equity financings, to complete our product development
initiatives. These financings could result in substantial dilution to the holders of our common stock or require contractual or
other restrictions on our operations or on alternatives that may be available to us. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
securities, these debt securities could impose significant restrictions on our operations. Any such required financing may not be
available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, and the failure to procure such required financing could have a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, or threaten our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Our
present and future capital requirements will be significant and will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 progress and results of our development efforts for our product candidates; 

the
 costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the
 costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights
 and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

the
 effect of competing technological and market developments; 

market
 acceptance of our product candidates; 

the
 rate of progress in establishing coverage and reimbursement arrangements with domestic and international commercial third-party payors
 and government payors; 

the
 ability to achieve revenue growth and improve gross margins; 

the
 extent to which we acquire or in-license other products and technologies; and 

legal,
 accounting, insurance and other professional and business-related costs. 

We
may not be able to acquire additional funds on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise adequate funds, we may have to
liquidate some or all of our assets or delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs. 

If
we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may be required to delay development or commercialization of our product
candidates. We also may have to reduce the resources devoted to our product candidates or cease operations. Any of these factors could
harm our operating results. 

9 

The
COVID-19 pandemic significantly negatively impacted our business. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic disrupted the global economy and negatively impacted large populations including people and businesses that are or
may be directly or indirectly involved with the operation of our Company, the manufacturing, development, and testing of our product
candidates, and the clinical trials for our product candidates. The full scope and economic impact of COVID-19 is still unknown. There
are many risks from COVID-19 and any future resurgence that could generally and negatively impact economies and healthcare providers
in the countries where we do business, the medical device industry as a whole, and development stage, pre-revenue companies such as NVNO. 

To-date,
the primary impacts of COVID-19 to our operations were stay-at-home work requirements, travel restrictions limiting our ability to initiate
and continue animal studies and patient trials, suspensions of elective surgeries at trial sites limiting our ability to enroll patients
in SAVVE, disruption to hospital staffs including staffing at the sites of our SAVVE trial, and disruptions to scheduled meetings with
regulatory agencies such as the FDA. Notwithstanding these impacts, we were able to use remote work tools, communications solutions,
and other methods to continue our trials and regulatory submissions. The resurgence of COVID and the Omicron variant in 2021 caused several
of our activated clinical sites to put elective surgeries on hold and prohibit potential study subjects from coming to the hospital for
screening. 

Labor
shortages due to COVID-19 have also negatively impacted hospital staffing in all departments, including clinical research. In addition
to caring for the influx of COVID patients, hospitals became short staffed due to their own employees COVID sicknesses, resulting
in clinical staff being reassigned to cover the shortfall. The disruption to hospital staffing, and particularly to clinical staffing,
has continues to be felt. The lack of available clinical personnel both impacted the speed at which we can activate clinical sites and
continues to slow enrollment. 

COVID
also impacts our patient population. Patients with COVID or who have had COVID within ninety (90) days of their screening, are excluded
from our study until after the ninety (90) day period has passed. In addition, concerns about getting COVID impact the patients 
willingness to undergo an elective surgical procedure with a one-night hospital stay. As a result, COVID-19 has, and any future resurgence
may, slow patient enrollment for the SAVVE clinical trial. Further, although we now have all planned clinical sites activated, COVID
delayed our ability to do so, and, if additional sites are necessary, a future COVID resurgence may have a similar impact. 

At
this time, we have identified the following COVID related risks that we believe have a greater likelihood of negatively impacting our
Company, including, but not limited to: 

The
 burden on hospitals and medical personnel resulting in the cancellation of non-essential medical procedures such as surgical procedures
 needed to implant our product candidates for pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

Travel
 restrictions and quarantine requirements which prevent us from initiating and continuing animal studies and patient trials both inside
 and outside of the United States; 

Travel
 restrictions which prevent patients from participating in or continuing their participation in clinical trials. 

Supply
 chain disruptions resulting in delays in the procurement of certain supplies and equipment that are needed to develop and test our
 product candidates; 

Federal,
 State and local shelter-in-place directives which limit our employees from accessing our facility to manufacture, develop and test
 our product candidates; and 

Federal,
 State and local shelter-in-place directives which limit our ability to enroll sites or patients in our SAVVE trial. 

We
may never be able to generate sufficient revenue from the commercialization of our product candidates to achieve and maintain profitability. 

Our
ability to operate profitably in the future will depend upon, among other items, our ability to (i) fully develop product candidates,
(ii) scale up our business and operational structure, (iii) obtain regulatory approval of product candidates from the FDA, (iv) market
and sell product candidates, (v) successfully gain market acceptance of our product candidates, and (vi) obtain sufficient and on-time
supply of components from our third-party suppliers. If our product candidates are never successfully commercialized, we may never receive
a return on our investments in product development, regulatory compliance, manufacturing, and quality assurance, which may cause us to
fail to generate revenue and gain economies of scale from such investments. 

10 

We
only utilize a few suppliers for porcine tissue for our product candidates and the loss of a supplier could have an adverse impact on
our business. 

We
rely on two domestic third-party vendors to supply porcine tissue for our product candidates. Our ability to supply our current and future
product candidates commercially, if approved, depends, in part, on our ability to obtain this porcine tissue in accordance with our specifications
and with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities to meet demand. Our ability to obtain porcine tissue may be affected by
matters outside our control, including that these suppliers may cancel our arrangements on short notice or have disruptions to their
operations. 

If
we are required to establish additional or replacement suppliers for the porcine tissue, it may not be accomplished timely and our
operations could be disrupted. Even if we are able to find replacement suppliers, the replacement suppliers may need to be qualified
and may require additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay. In the event of a supply disruption,
our product inventories may be insufficient to supply our customers and the development of any future product candidates would be
delayed, limited or prevented, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

We
depend upon third-party suppliers for certain components of our product candidates, making us vulnerable to supply problems and price
fluctuations, which could harm our business. 

We
rely on a number of third-party suppliers to provide certain components of our product candidates. We do not have long-term supply agreements
with most of our suppliers, and, in many cases, we purchase goods on a purchase order basis. Our suppliers may encounter problems for
a variety of reasons, including unanticipated demand from larger customers, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure
to comply with applicable regulations, equipment malfunction, quality or yield problems and environmental factors, any of which could
delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. Our reliance on these third-party suppliers also subjects us to other risks that could
harm our business, including: 

interruption
 of supply resulting from modifications to, or discontinuation of, a supplier s operations; 

delays
 in product shipments resulting from defects, reliability issues or changes in components from suppliers; 

price
 fluctuations due to a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components with our suppliers; 

errors
 in manufacturing components, which could negatively impact the effectiveness or safety of our product candidates or cause delays
 in shipment of our product candidates; 

discontinued
 production of components, which could significantly delay our production and sales and impair operating margins; 

inability
 to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms; 

difficulty
 locating and qualifying alternative suppliers, especially with respect to our sole-source supplies; 

delays
 in production and sales caused by switching components, which may require product redesign and/or new regulatory submissions; 

delays
 due to evaluation and testing of devices from alternative suppliers and corresponding regulatory qualifications; 

non-timely
 delivery of components due to our suppliers supplying products for a range of customers; 

the
 failure of our suppliers to comply with strictly enforced regulatory requirements, which could result in disruption of supply or
 increased expenses; and 

inability
 of suppliers to fulfill orders and meet requirements due to financial hardships. 

In
addition, there are a limited number of suppliers and third-party manufacturers that operate under the FDA s Quality System Regulation,
or QSR, requirements, maintain certifications from the International Organization for Standardization that are recognized as harmonized
standards in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and that have the necessary expertise and capacity to supply components for our product
candidates. As a result, it may be difficult for us to locate manufacturers for our anticipated future needs, and our anticipated growth
may strain the ability of our current suppliers to deliver products, materials and components to us. If we are unable to arrange for
third-party manufacturing of components for our product candidates, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able
to complete development of, market and sell our current or new product candidates. Further, any supply interruption from our suppliers
or failure to obtain additional suppliers for any of the components used in our product candidates would limit our ability to manufacture
our product candidates. Failure to meet these commitments could result in legal action by our customers, loss of customers or harm to
our ability to attract new customers, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and growth. 

11 

If
we successfully develop product candidates, we will have to demonstrate the efficacy and financial viability of our products to doctors,
hospitals, insurance companies, and other stakeholders. 

There
are multiple stakeholders that determine the success of a medical device, including doctors, hospitals, medical insurance companies,
and others. Educating these stakeholders on the benefits of product candidates will require a significant commitment by a marketing team
and sales organization. Surgeons and hospitals may be slow to change their practices because of familiarity with existing devices and/or
treatments, perceived risks arising from the use of new devices, lack of experience using new devices, lack of clinical data supporting
the benefits of such devices or the cost of new devices. There may never be widespread adoption of our product candidates by surgeons
and hospitals. In addition, medical insurance companies would need to understand the costs and benefits of our product candidates compared
to the existing standards of care, if they are to provide reimbursement for the cost of our product candidates and the procedures to
implant our product candidates. We may have difficulty and may never achieve the market acceptance that we need from doctors, hospitals,
medical insurance companies and others that are necessary for a successful product. 

We
may be unable to convince hospital facilities to approve the use of our product candidates. 

In
the United States, in order for surgeons to use our product candidates, the hospital facilities where these surgeons treat patients will
typically require that the product candidates receive approval from the facility s VAC. VACs typically review the comparative effectiveness
and cost of medical devices used in the facility. The makeup and evaluation processes for VACs vary considerably, and it can be a lengthy,
costly and time-consuming effort to obtain approval by the relevant VAC. For example, even if we have an agreement with a hospital system
for the purchase of a product, in most cases, they must obtain VAC approval by each hospital within the system to sell at that particular
hospital. Additionally, hospitals typically require separate VAC approval for each specialty in which a product is used, which may result
in multiple VAC approval processes within the same hospital even if such product has already been approved for use by a different specialty
group. VAC approval is often needed for each different product to be used by the surgeons in that specialty. In addition, hospital facilities
and group purchasing organizations, or GPOs, which manage purchasing for multiple facilities, may also require us to enter into a purchasing
agreement and satisfy numerous elements of their administrative procurement process, which can also be a lengthy, costly and time-consuming
effort. If we do not receive access to hospital facilities in a timely manner, or at all, via these VAC and purchasing contract processes,
or otherwise, or if we are unable to secure contracts on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all, our costs may increase,
our sales may decrease and our operating results may be harmed. 

Our
long-term growth depends on our ability to develop and commercialize additional product candidates. 

The
medical device industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid change and technological advancements. Therefore, it is important
to our business that we continue to enhance our product candidate offerings and introduce new product candidates. Developing new product
candidates is expensive and time-consuming. Even if we are successful in developing additional product candidates, the success of any
new product candidates or enhancements to existing product candidates will depend on several factors, including our ability to: 

properly
 identify and anticipate surgeon and patient needs; 

develop
 and introduce new product candidates or enhancements in a timely manner; 

develop
 an effective and dedicated sales and marketing team; 

avoid
 infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; 

demonstrate,
 if required, the safety and efficacy of new product candidates with data from preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

obtain
 the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for new product candidates or enhancements; 

be
 fully FDA-compliant with marketing of new product candidates or modified product candidates; 

provide
 adequate training to potential users of our product candidates; and 

receive
 adequate coverage and reimbursement for procedures performed with our product candidates. 

12 

If
we are unsuccessful in developing and commercializing additional devices in other areas, our ability to realize our revenue may be impaired. 

New
technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than the products and
services that we plan to offer. Existing markets for surgical devices are characterized by rapid technological change and innovation.
It is critical to our success that we anticipate changes in technology and customer requirements and physician, hospital and healthcare
provider practices. It is also important that we successfully introduce new, enhanced and competitive product candidates to meet our
prospective customers needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. At the same time, however, we must carefully manage our introduction
of new product candidates. If potential customers believe that such product candidates will offer enhanced features or be sold for a
more attractive price, they may delay purchases until such product candidates are available. We may also continue to offer older products
as we transition to new product candidates, and we may not have sufficient experience managing transitions. If we do not successfully
innovate and introduce new technology into our anticipated product lines or successfully manage the transitions of our technology to
new product offerings, our revenue, results of operations and business could be adversely impacted. 

Our
competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, industry
standards, distribution reach or customer requirements. We anticipate that we will face strong competition in the future as current or
future competitors develop new or improved product candidates and as new companies enter the market with novel technologies. 

If
we are unable to produce an adequate supply of our product candidates for use in our current and planned clinical trials or for commercialization
because of our limited manufacturing resources or our facility is damaged or becomes inoperable, our regulatory, development and commercialization
efforts may be delayed. 

Our
manufacturing resources for our product candidates are limited. We currently manufacture our product candidates for our research and
development and clinical trial purposes at our manufacturing facility in Irvine, California. If our existing manufacturing facility experiences
a disruption, we would have no other means of manufacturing our product candidates until we are able to restore the manufacturing capability
at our current facility or develop alternative manufacturing facilities. Additionally, any damage to or destruction of our facilities
or our equipment, prolonged power outage or contamination at our facilities would significantly impair our ability to produce our product
candidates and prepare our product candidates for clinical trials. 

Additionally,
in order to produce our product candidates in the quantities that will be required for commercialization, we will have to increase or
 scale up our production process over the current level of production. We may encounter difficulties in scaling up our production,
including issues involving yields, controlling and anticipating costs, quality control and assurance, supply and shortages of qualified
personnel. If our scaled-up production process is not efficient or results in a product that does not meet quality or other standards,
we may be unable to meet market demand and our revenues, business and financial prospects would be adversely affected. Further, third
parties with whom we may develop relationships may not have the ability to produce the quantities of the materials we may require for
clinical trials or commercial sales or may be unable to do so at prices that allow us to price our products competitively. 

Our
facility and equipment would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead time to repair or replace. The facility may be harmed
or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, fire, vandalism and power outages, which may
render it difficult to operate our business for some period of time. While we have taken precautions to safeguard our facilities, any
inability to operate our business during such periods could lead to the loss of customers or harm to our reputation. We also possess
insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our
potential losses and this insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

13 

We
currently have no sales and marketing infrastructure and we may not be able to build a sales and marketing infrastructure sufficient
for us to commercialize our current product candidate or future product candidates, if approved, and may be unable to do so or may never
generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 

In
order to commercialize products that are approved by regulatory agencies, we will have to increase our expenditures to undertake development
or commercialization activities. If we are unable to successfully execute commercialization activities, we may have to curtail the development
of our product candidates, reduce or delay development programs, delay potential commercialization of our product candidates or reduce
the scope of any sales or marketing activities. 

If
it becomes necessary for us to establish a sales and marketing infrastructure, we may not be able to do so or we may not realize a positive
return on this investment. We would have to compete with established and well-funded medical device companies to recruit, hire, train
and retain sales and marketing personnel. Once hired, the training process is lengthy because it requires significant education of new
sales representatives to achieve the level of clinical competency with our products expected by specialists. Upon completion of the training,
we expect our sales representatives would typically require lead time in the field to grow their network of accounts and achieve the
productivity levels we expect them to reach in any individual territory. If we are unable to attract, motivate, develop and retain a
sufficient number of qualified sales personnel, or if our sales representatives do not achieve the productivity levels in the time period
we expect them to, our revenue will not grow at the rate we expect and our business, results of operations and financial condition will
suffer. Also, to the extent we hire sales personnel from our competitors, we may be required to wait until applicable non-competition
provisions have expired before deploying such personnel in restricted territories or incur costs to relocate personnel outside of such
territories. Any of these risks may adversely affect our ability to increase sales of our product candidates. If we are unable to expand
our sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be able to effectively commercialize our product candidates, which would adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Product
liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities, limit sales of our existing product candidates and limit
commercialization of any products that we may develop. 

Our
business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of medical
devices. This risk exists even if a device is cleared or approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured in facilities licensed
and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Manufacturing and marketing of our commercial devices and clinical
testing of our product candidates, may expose us to product liability and other tort claims. Furthermore, surgeons may misuse our product
candidates or use improper techniques if they are not adequately trained, potentially leading to injury and an increased risk of product
liability. If our product candidates are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation by our customers
or their patients. Regardless of the merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

significant
 litigation costs; 

decreased
 demand for our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop; 

damage
 to our reputation; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants, patients or other claimants; 

loss
 of revenue; and 

the
 inability to commercialize any product candidates that we may develop. 

Although
we maintain liability insurance, the coverage limits of our insurance policies may not be adequate, and one or more successful claims
brought against us may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we are unable to obtain insurance
in the future at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms with adequate coverage, we will be exposed to significant liabilities. 

14 

The
loss of our executive officers or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may adversely affect our business, financial
conditions and results of operations. 

Our
business and operations depend to a significant degree on the skills, efforts and continued services of our executive officers who have
critical industry experience and relationships. Although we have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers, they
may terminate their employment with us at any time. Accordingly, these executive officers may not remain associated with us. The efforts
of these persons will be critical to us as we continue to develop our product candidates and business. We do not carry key person life
insurance on any of our management, which would leave our company uncompensated for the loss of any of our executive officers. 

Further,
competition for highly skilled and qualified personnel is intense. As such, our future viability and ability to achieve sales and profit
will also depend on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate highly qualified personnel in the diverse areas required for continuing
our operations. If we were to lose the services one or more of our current executive officers or if we are unable to attract, hire and
retain qualified personnel, we may experience difficulties in competing effectively, developing and commercializing our products and
implementing our business strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

The
Company has net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) for both federal and state income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, federal NOLs, were approximately 52.7 million and 45.7 million, and state NOL s were approximately 52.5 million and
 45.7 million. Pre-2018 federal NOLs of 12.0 million have a limited carry forward period of twenty years and begin to expire in
2029. Federal NOLs generated after 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely. State NOL s can be carried forward for twenty
years and begin to expire in 2028. The annual limit of deduction for federal purposes equals 80 of taxable income. Additionally, for both federal and state purposes, the annual benefit the Company can derive from NOL s is
limited because of ownership changes. 

In general, a corporation that
undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a cumulative change in equity ownership by 5 shareholders 
that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period) may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs
and certain credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income and taxes. We have analyzed the tax impacts of ownership changes that
occurred in 2018 and in 2021. While those ownership changes have resulted in limits to the amount of NOLs that may be used in a given
year, these are all post 2017 NOLs and are carried forward indefinitely. Future changes in our stock ownership, as well as other changes
that may be outside of our control, could result in additional ownership changes. Our NOLs and credit carryforwards may also be limited
under similar provisions of state law. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our NOLs and other deferred tax assets
due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future tax benefits of such assets. 

To
the extent the Company utilizes its NOL carryforwards in the future, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be
adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities of the future period tax return in which the attribute
is used. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we also had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 0.2 million which begin
to expire in 2027. 

15 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Governmental Regulations 

Our
business and product candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulation and oversight, and our failure to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements could harm our business. 

Our
product candidates and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the United States by the FDA and by regulatory agencies in other
countries where we anticipate conducting business activities. The FDA regulates the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage,
record-keeping, promotion, marketing, sales, distribution and post-market support and reporting of medical devices in the United States.
The regulations to which we are subject are complex and may become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in restrictions
on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales. 

In
order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a
medical device, a company must, among other things, apply for and obtain Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval of the proposed
investigation. In addition, if the clinical study involves a significant risk (as defined by the FDA) to human health,
the sponsor of the investigation must also submit and obtain FDA approval of an IDE application. Our product candidates are considered
significant risk devices requiring IDE approval prior to investigational use. We may not be able to obtain FDA and/or IRB approval to
undertake clinical trials in the United States for any new devices we intend to market in the United States in the future. If we obtain
such approvals, we may not be able to conduct studies which comply with the IDE and other regulations governing clinical investigations
or the data from any such trials may not support clearance or approval of the investigational device. Failure to obtain such approvals
or to comply with such regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
It is uncertain whether clinical trials will meet desired endpoints, produce meaningful or useful data and be free of unexpected adverse
effects, or that the FDA will accept the validity of foreign clinical study data, and such uncertainty could preclude or delay market
clearance or authorizations resulting in significant financial costs and reduced revenue. 

Our
product candidates may be subject to extensive governmental regulation in foreign jurisdictions, such as the EEA, and our failure to
comply with applicable requirements could cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to suffer. 

In
the EEA, our product candidates will need to comply with the Essential Requirements set forth in Medical Device Regulation. Compliance
with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix a CE mark to a product, without which a product cannot be marketed or sold
in the EEA. To demonstrate compliance with the Essential Requirements and obtain the right to affix the CE mark to our product candidates,
we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. The conformity
assessment procedure requires the involvement of a Notified Body, which is an organization designated by a competent authority of an
EEA country to conduct conformity assessments. The Notified Body would audit and examine the Technical File and the quality system for
the manufacture, design and final inspection of our products. The Notified Body issues a CE Certificate of Conformity following successful
completion of a conformity assessment procedure and quality management system audit conducted in relation to the medical device and its
manufacturer and their conformity with the Essential Requirements. This Certificate entitles the manufacturer to affix the CE mark to
its medical products after having prepared and signed a related EC Declaration of Conformity. 

As
a general rule, demonstration of conformity of medical products and their manufacturers with the Essential Requirements must be based,
among other things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions
of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use
and that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its
intended performance, and that any claims made about the performance and safety of the device (e.g., product labeling and instructions
for use) are supported by suitable evidence. This assessment must be based on clinical data, which can be obtained from (1) clinical
studies conducted on the devices being assessed, (2) scientific literature from similar devices whose equivalence with the assessed device
can be demonstrated or (3) both clinical studies and scientific literature. However, the pre-approval and post-market clinical requirements
are much more rigorous. The conduct of clinical studies in the EEA is governed by detailed regulatory obligations. These may include
the requirement of prior authorization by the competent authorities of the country in which the study takes place and the requirement
to obtain a positive opinion from a competent Ethics Committee. This process can be expensive and time-consuming. 

16 

The
FDA regulatory approval, clearance and license process is complex, time-consuming and unpredictable. 

In
the United States, our product candidates are expected to be regulated as medical devices. Before our medical device product candidates
may be marketed in the United States, we must submit, and the FDA must approve a PMA application. For the PMA approval process, the FDA
must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not
limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. In addition, modifications to products that are
approved through a PMA application generally require FDA approval. The time required to obtain approval, clearance or license by the
FDA to market a new therapy is unpredictable but typically takes many years and depends upon many factors, including the substantial
discretion of the FDA. 

Our
product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval, clearance or license for many reasons, including the following: 

the
 FDA may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials or study endpoints; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that our product candidates are safe and effective for their proposed
 indications or that our product candidates provide significant clinical benefits; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA for approval, clearance or
 license or may not support approval of a label that could command a price sufficient for us to be profitable; 

the
 FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the
 opportunity for bias in the clinical trials as a result of the open-label design may not be adequately handled and may cause our
 trial to fail; 

our
 product candidates may be subject to an FDA advisory committee review, which may be requested at the sole discretion of the FDA,
 and which may result in unexpected delays or hurdles to approval; 

the
 FDA may determine that the manufacturing processes at our facilities or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract
 for clinical and commercial supplies are inadequate; 

the
 FDA may determine we cannot continue our clinical trials due to adverse patient reactions including patient deaths for reasons unrelated
 to our products; and 

the
 approval, clearance or license policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data
 insufficient for approval. 

Even
if we were to obtain approval, clearance or license, the FDA may grant approval, clearance or license contingent on the performance of
costly post-marketing clinical trials or may approve our product candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary
or desirable for successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the above could materially harm our product candidates 
commercial prospects. 

17 

Even
if our product candidates are approved by regulatory authorities, if we fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, or if we
experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates, our product candidates could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal
from the market. 

The
manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data and promotional activities of any product candidate for which we obtain marketing
approval will be subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Even if regulatory approval
of our product candidates is granted in the United States, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which
the product candidates may be marketed or contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety
or effectiveness of the product. Later discovery of previously unknown and unanticipated problems with our product candidates, including
but not limited to unanticipated severity or frequency of adverse events, delays or problems with the manufacturer or manufacturing processes,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in restrictions on such product candidates or manufacturing processes,
withdrawal of the product candidates from the market, voluntary or mandatory recall, fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product
seizures, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

We
are required to report certain malfunctions, deaths and serious injuries associated with our products once approved by regulatory bodies,
which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

All
manufacturers marketing medical devices in the EEA are legally bound to report incidents involving devices they produce or sell to the
regulatory agency, or competent authority, in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred. Under the EU Medical Devices Directive (Directive
93/42/EEC), an incident is defined as any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics and/or performance of a device, as well
as any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions for use which, directly or indirectly, might lead to or might have led to the death
of a patient, or user or of other persons or to a serious deterioration in their state of health. In addition, under the EU MDR, the
manufacturers are obligated to publish Periodic Safety Update Report (annually for high risk devices) which will be uploaded to EUDAMED
and require conformity assessment by Notified Bodies. 

Malfunction
or misuse of our product candidates could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls, including corrections (e.g.,
customer notifications), or agency action, such as inspection or enforcement actions. If malfunctions or misuse do occur, we may be unable
to correct the malfunctions adequately or prevent further malfunctions or misuse, in which case we may need to cease manufacture and
distribution of the affected products, initiate voluntary recalls, and redesign the products or the instructions for use for those products.
Regulatory authorities may also take actions against us, such as ordering recalls, imposing fines, or seizing the affected products.
Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of our time and capital, may distract management
from operating our business, and may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Legislative
or regulatory reforms in the United States or the EU may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearances or
approvals for product candidates or to manufacture, market or distribute product candidates after clearance or approval is obtained. 

From
time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in the U.S. Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing
the regulation of medical devices or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, the FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted
by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our product candidates. For example, as part of the Food and Drug Administration
Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, Congress reauthorized the Medical Device User Fee Amendments with various FDA performance goal
commitments and enacted several Medical Device Regulatory Improvements and miscellaneous reforms, which are further intended
to clarify and improve medical device regulation both pre- and post-clearance or approval. Any new statutes, regulations or revisions
or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of any future products or make it more
difficult to manufacture, market or distribute our product candidates or future products. We cannot determine what effect changes in
regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the
future. Such changes could, among other things, require: 

additional
 testing prior to obtaining clearance or approval; 

changes
 to manufacturing methods; 

recall,
 replacement or discontinuance of our systems or future products; or 

additional
 record keeping. 

18 

Any
of these changes could require substantial time and cost and could harm our business and our financial results. 

The
highly publicized PIP scandal (use of non-medical grade silicone in breast implants) in 2010 led to publishing the first version of EU
Medical Device Regulation (MDR) by European Commission in 2012. After 347 amendments by European Parliament in 2014, followed by various
versions, the final version of the new EU Medical Device Regulation (MDR 2017/745) was published on May 5, 2017. Notified Bodies are
currently not accepting any new CE Mark applications under MDD (Medical Device Directives). All new medical devices, including ours,
must undergo assessment under MDR. 

The
changes from EU Medical Device Directives (MDD) to Medical Device Regulation (MDR) are significant, with stricter clinical requirements
and post-market surveillance, shift from pre-approval to Life-cycle approach, centralized EUDAMED database for public transparency (e.g.
Periodic Safety Update Reports) and device registration, more device specific requirements (e.g. Common Specifications), legal liability
for defective devices, etc. The QMS audit under MDR will be much more rigorous, including audits and assessment of suppliers and device
testing. In addition, EU MDR introduces new stakeholders participating during the application review process, which will result in a
longer and more burdensome assessment of our new products. The new stakeholders will include Medical Device Coordination Group (MDCG)
established by Member States and Expert Panels appointed by European Union. 

Further,
under either the FDA s Medical Device Reporting or MDR regulations, we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which
our product candidates may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which our product malfunctioned and, if the
malfunction were to recur, would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury. Any adverse event involving our products could
result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as product actions or customer notifications, or regulatory authority actions, such
as inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action. Repeated product malfunctions may result in a voluntary or involuntary product
recall, which could divert managerial and financial resources, impair our ability to manufacture our product candidates in a cost-effective
and timely manner and have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

Moreover,
depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product s deficiencies or defects, the FDA may require us, or we may decide
that we will need, to obtain new approvals or clearances for the device before we may market or distribute the corrected device. Seeking
such approvals or clearances may delay our ability to replace the recalled devices in a timely manner. Moreover, if we do not adequately
address problems associated with our product candidates, we may face additional regulatory enforcement action, including FDA warning
letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties, withdrawals or clearances or approvals or civil or criminal fines. We
may also be required to bear other costs or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our sales as well as face significant
adverse publicity or regulatory consequences, which could harm our business, including our ability to market our product candidates in
the future. 

19 

We
are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, and a finding of failure to comply with such laws and regulations
could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

Our
operations are, and will continue to be, directly and indirectly affected by various federal, state or foreign healthcare laws, including,
but not limited to, those described below. These laws include: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering
 or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase,
 order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare
 and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific
 intent to violate it to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services
 resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False
 Claims Act. Violations of the federal Anti-kickback Statute may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties, including criminal
 fines of up to 25,000, imprisonment of up to five years, civil penalties under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law of up to 50,000
 for each violation, plus three times the remuneration involved, civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act of up to 11,000
 for each claim submitted, plus three times the amounts paid for such claims and exclusion from participation in the Medicare and
 Medicaid programs; 

the
 federal False Claims Act, which prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
 presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal third-party payors that are false or fraudulent. Suits filed
 under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government
 and such individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government
 in fines or settlement. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, the government may impose penalties of
 not less than 5,500 and not more than 11,000, plus three times the amount of the damages that the government sustains due to the
 submission of a false claim and exclude the entity from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs; 

the
 federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare
 beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items
 or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the HITECH Act, and their respective implementing regulations, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare
 transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information. Failure to comply with the HIPAA privacy and
 security standards can result in civil monetary penalties up to 50,000 per violation, not to exceed 1.5 million per calendar year
 for non-compliance of an identical provision, and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000 per violation
 and/or imprisonment. State attorneys general can bring a civil action to enjoin a HIPAA violation or to obtain statutory damages
 up to 25,000 per violation on behalf of residents of his or her state. HIPAA also imposes criminal penalties for fraud against any
 healthcare benefit program and for obtaining money or property from a healthcare benefit program through false pretenses and provides
 for broad prosecutorial subpoena authority and authorizes certain property forfeiture upon conviction of a federal healthcare offense.
 Significantly, the HIPAA provisions apply not only to federal programs, but also to private health benefit programs. HIPAA also broadened
 the authority of the U.S. Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to exclude participants
 from federal healthcare programs; 

the
 federal physician sunshine requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, which requires certain manufacturers
 of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, which is defined broadly to include other healthcare providers and
 teaching hospitals and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Manufacturers are
 required to submit reports by the 90 th day of each calendar year. Failure to submit the required information may result
 in civil monetary penalties up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing
 failures for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission,
 and may result in liability under other federal laws or regulations; and 

analogous
 state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply
 to items or services reimbursed by any third- party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require device companies
 to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
 government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws
 that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other
 healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain
 circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance
 efforts. Any failure by us to ensure that our employees and agents comply with applicable state and foreign laws and regulations
 could result in substantial penalties or restrictions on our ability to conduct business in those jurisdictions, and our results
 of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

20 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the
regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Because of the breadth of these
laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our business
activities, including our relationships with surgeons and other healthcare providers, some of whom recommend, purchase and/or prescribe
our product candidates, and our distributors, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us
now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion
from governmental health care programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our
ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully
defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation
of our business. 

Regulatory
healthcare reform measures and other legislative changes may have a material and adverse effect on business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

FDA
regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by FDA and such actions may significantly affect our business and our product
candidates. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review
times for our product candidates. Delays in receipt of, or failure to receive, regulatory approvals for our product candidates would
have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In
March 2010, the PPACA was signed into law. Initially it included a deductible 2.3 excise tax on any entity that manufactures or imports
medical devices offered for sale in the United States, with limited exceptions. Although this excise tax was permanently repealed on
December 20, 2019, it or similar taxes, may be enacted in the future. Other elements of the PPACA remain in force, including comparative
effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board and payment system reforms, including shared savings pilots and other provisions,
which may significantly affect the payment for, and the availability of, healthcare services and result in fundamental changes to federal
healthcare reimbursement programs, any of which may materially affect numerous aspects of our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the PPACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011,
the Budget Control Act of 2011 created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked
with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required
goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions
of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013, and will remain in effect through
2024 unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, or the ATRA, was
signed into law which further reduced Medicare payments to certain providers, including hospitals. 

We
expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts
that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product
candidates, if approved, and services or additional pricing pressures. 

21 

Our
relationships with physician consultants, owners and investors could be subject to additional scrutiny from regulatory enforcement authorities
and could subject us to possible administrative, civil or criminal sanctions. 

Federal
and state laws and regulations impose restrictions on our relationships with physicians who are consultants, owners and investors. We
may enter into consulting agreements, license agreements and other agreements with physicians in which we provide cash as compensation.
We have or may have other written and oral arrangements with physicians, including for research and development grants and for other
purposes. 

We
could be adversely affected if regulatory agencies were to interpret our financial relationships with these physicians, who may be in
a position to influence the ordering of and use of our product candidates for which governmental reimbursement may be available, as being
in violation of applicable laws. If our relationships with physicians are found to be in violation of the laws and regulations that apply
to us, we may be required to restructure the arrangements and could be subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations,
any of which could negatively impact our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Our
company and many of our collaborators and potential collaborators are required to comply with the Federal Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and implementing regulation affecting
the transmission, security and privacy of health information, and failure to comply could result in significant penalties. 

Numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or the HITECH Act, govern the collection, dissemination, security,
use and confidentiality of health information that identifies specific patients. HIPAA and the HITECH Act require our surgeon and hospital
customers and potential customers to comply with certain standards for the use and disclosure of health information within their companies
and with third parties. The Privacy Standards and Security Standards under HIPAA establish a set of standards for the protection of individually
identifiable health information by health plans, health care clearinghouses and certain health care providers, referred to as Covered
Entities, and the business associates with whom Covered Entities enter into service relationships pursuant to which individually identifiable
health information may be exchanged. Notably, whereas HIPAA previously directly regulated only these Covered Entities, the HITECH Act
makes certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards also directly applicable to Covered Entities business associates.
As a result, both Covered Entities and business associates are now subject to significant civil and criminal penalties for failure to
comply with Privacy Standards and Security Standards. 

HIPAA
requires Covered Entities (like many of our customers and potential customers) and business associates to develop and maintain policies
and procedures with respect to protected health information that is used or disclosed, including the adoption of administrative, physical
and technical safeguards to protect such information. The HITECH Act expands the notification requirement for breaches of patient-identifiable
health information, restricts certain disclosures and sales of patient-identifiable health information and provides for civil monetary
penalties for HIPAA violations. The HITECH Act also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against Covered Entities
and business associates and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts
to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. Additionally, certain
states have adopted comparable privacy and security laws and regulations, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. 

Any
new legislation or regulation in the area of privacy and security of personal information, including personal health information, could
also adversely affect our business operations. If we do not comply with existing or new applicable federal or state laws and regulations
related to patient health information, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions and any resulting liability could adversely
affect our financial condition. 

In
addition, countries around the world have passed or are considering legislation that would impose data breach notification requirements
and/or require that companies adopt specific data security requirements. If we experience a data breach that triggers one or more of
these laws, we may be subject to breach notification obligations, civil liability and litigation, all of which could also generate negative
publicity and have a negative impact on our business. 

22 

We
are currently, and in the future may be, subject to various governmental regulations related to the manufacturing of product candidates,
and we may incur significant expenses to comply with, experience delays in our product commercialization as a result of, and be subject
to material sanctions if we or our contract manufacturers violate these regulations. 

Our
manufacturing processes and facility are required to comply with the FDA s QSR, which covers the procedures and documentation of
the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, and shipping of product candidates.
Although we believe we are compliant with the QSRs, the FDA enforces the QSR through periodic announced or unannounced inspections of
manufacturing facilities. We have been, and anticipate in the future being, subject to such inspections, as well as to inspections by
other federal and state regulatory agencies. We are required to register our manufacturing facility with the FDA and list all devices
that are manufactured. We also operate an International Organization for Standards, or ISO, 13485 certified facility and annual audits
are required to maintain that certification. The suppliers of our components are also required to comply with the QSR and are subject
to inspections. We have limited ability to ensure that any such third-party manufacturers will take the necessary steps to comply with
applicable regulations, which could cause delays in the delivery of our products. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements,
or later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products or manufacturing processes, including our failure or the failure
of one of our third-party manufacturers to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse QSR inspection, can result in,
among other things: 

administrative
 or judicially imposed sanctions; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil penalties; 

recall
 or seizure of our product candidates; 

total
 or partial suspension of production or distribution; 

the
 FDA s refusal to grant future clearance or pre-market approval for our product candidates; 

withdrawal
 or suspension of marketing clearances or approvals; 

clinical
 holds; 

warning
 letters; 

refusal
 to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 

criminal
 prosecution of us or our employees. 

Any
of these actions, in combination or alone, could prevent us from marketing, distributing, or selling our products and would likely harm
our business. In addition, a product defect or regulatory violation could lead to a government-mandated or voluntary recall by us. Regulatory
agencies in other countries have similar authority to recall devices because of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture
that could endanger health. Any recall would divert management attention and financial resources, could expose us to product liability
or other claims, including contractual claims from parties to whom we sold products and harm our reputation with customers. A recall
involving any of our product candidates would be particularly harmful to our business and financial results and, even if we remedied
a particular problem, would have a lasting negative effect on our reputation and demand for our products. 

23 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology or obtain and maintain issued patents that are sufficient to protect our
product candidates, others could compete against us more directly, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
success may depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patents and other intellectual property rights in the United States
and elsewhere and protecting our proprietary technologies. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary
technologies, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could
harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. 

We
have filed patent applications for our products and related intellectual property with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other
jurisdictions. As of the December 31, 2022, we have been granted seventeen (17) patents including four (4) in the United States and have
another seventeen (17) applications in various stages of review including six (6) in the United States. 

Our
patents may not have, or our pending patent applications that mature into issued patents may not include, claims with a scope sufficient
to protect our products, any additional features we develop for our current products or any new products. Other parties may have developed
technologies that may be related or competitive to our products, may have filed or may file patent applications and may have received
or may receive patents that overlap or conflict with our patent applications, either by claiming the same methods or devices or by claiming
subject matter that could dominate our patent position. The patent positions of medical device companies, including our patent position,
may involve complex legal and factual questions, and, therefore, the scope, validity and enforceability of any patent claims that we
may obtain cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented.
Proceedings challenging our patents could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction
in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. In addition, such proceedings may be costly. Thus, any
patents that we may own may not provide any protection against competitors. Furthermore, an adverse decision in an interference proceeding
can result in a third party receiving the patent right sought by us, which in turn could affect our ability to commercialize our implant
systems. 

Furthermore,
though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable, its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and
it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors
may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies,
designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets by consultants,
suppliers, vendors, former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights
to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in
these countries. If any of these developments were to occur, they each could have a negative impact on our business and competitive position. 

Our
ability to enforce our patent rights depends on our ability to detect infringement. It may be difficult to detect infringers who do not
advertise the components that are used in their products. Moreover, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain evidence of infringement
in a competitor s or potential competitor s product. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages
or other remedies awarded if we were to prevail may not be commercially meaningful. 

In
addition, proceedings to enforce or defend our patents could put our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted
narrowly. Such proceedings could also provoke third parties to assert claims against us, including that some or all of the claims in
one or more of our patents are invalid or otherwise unenforceable. If any of our patents covering our products are invalidated or found
unenforceable, our financial position and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In addition, if a court found that valid,
enforceable patents held by third parties covered one or more of our products, our financial position and results of operations could
be harmed. 

We
rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive
position, which we will seek to protect, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees and our collaborators
and consultants. We also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to
us and have non-compete agreements with some, but not all, of our consultants. It is possible that technology relevant to our business
will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants who
are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach
or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could otherwise become
known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 

24 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedures, document submission requirements, fee payments and
other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance
with these requirements. 

The
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payments such as maintenance and annuity fee payments and other provisions during the patent procurement process as
well as over the life span of an issued patent. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent
or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors
might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case. 

We
may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights
and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or use of, our technology. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties.
Our business, product candidates and methods could infringe the patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. 

The
medical device industry is characterized by frequent and extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights.
Many medical device companies with substantially greater resources than us have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to
gain a competitive advantage. We may become involved in litigation, interference proceedings, oppositions, reexamination, protest or
other potentially adverse intellectual property proceedings as a result of alleged infringement by us of the rights of others or as a
result of priority of invention disputes with third parties, either in the United States or internationally. We may also become a party
to patent infringement claims and litigation or interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine the priority of inventions.
Third parties may also challenge the validity of any of our issued patents and we may initiate proceedings to enforce our patent rights
and prevent others from infringing on our intellectual property rights. Any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary
rights or proprietary determinations, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, lengthy governmental proceedings, diversion
of our management s attention and resources, or entrance into royalty or license agreements that are not advantageous to us. In
any of these circumstances, we may need to spend significant amounts of money, time and effort defending our position. Some of our competitors
may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources.
In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. 

Even
if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management time and attention in pursuing these
proceedings, which could have a material and adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights
of others, we may be required to seek a license, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of intellectual property in
court or redesign our product candidates. 

25 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities 

The
trading price of our securities is likely to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors. 

The
trading price of our securities is likely to be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors,
which include: 

whether
 we achieve our anticipated corporate objectives; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

changes
 in financial or operational estimates or projections; 

the
 development status of our product candidates and when our product candidates receive regulatory approval if at all; 

our
 execution of our sales and marketing, manufacturing and other aspects of our business plan; 

performance
 of third parties on whom we rely to manufacture our product candidate components and product candidates, including their ability
 to comply with regulatory requirements; 

the
 results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

results
 of operations that vary from those of our competitors and the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

our
 announcement of significant contracts, acquisitions or capital commitments; 

announcements
 by our competitors of competing products or other initiatives; 

announcements
 by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

regulatory
 and reimbursement developments in the United States and internationally; 

future
 sales of our common stock; 

product
 liability claims; 

healthcare
 reform measures in the United States and elsewhere; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

general
 economic or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the stock of medical device companies like ours, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the issuer. These market and industry
factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

We
have issued a significant number of options and warrants and may continue to do so in the future. The vesting and, if applicable, exercise
of these securities and the sale of the shares of common stock issuable thereunder may dilute your percentage ownership interest and
may also result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have issued and outstanding options to purchase 3,816,452 shares of our common stock with a weighted
average exercise price of 8.90, 400,000 restricted stock units subject to vesting, and warrants to purchase 6,322,821 shares of
our common stock with a weighted average exercise price of 7.76. Further, we have 265,742 shares available for issuance under our
Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The number of shares subject to the Plan may be adjusted from time to time such that
shares authorized under the plan shall at all times be equal to at least 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company on a
fully diluted basis. Because the market for our common stock is thinly traded, the sales and/or the perception that those sales may occur,
could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the mere existence of a significant number of shares of common
stock issuable upon vesting and, if applicable, exercise of these securities may be perceived by the market as having a potential dilutive
effect, which could lead to a decrease in the price of our common stock. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult
to obtain and can be expected to dilute current stockholders ownership interests . 

We
will need to raise additional capital in the future. Such additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Any
future issuance of our equity or equity-backed securities may dilute then-current stockholders ownership percentages. If we are
unable to obtain required additional capital, we may have to curtail our growth plans or cut back on existing business. 

We
may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities
law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes, restricted stock, stock options and warrants, which may adversely impact
our financial condition. 

26 

Future
sales or issuances of substantial amounts of our common stock could result in significant dilution. 

Any
future issuance of our equity or equity-backed securities, including, potentially, the issuance of securities in connection with a merger
transaction, may dilute then-current stockholders ownership percentages and could also result in a decrease in the fair market
value of our equity securities, because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding equity. As stated above, we intend
to conduct additional rounds of financing in the future and we may need to raise additional capital through public or private offerings
of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock. We may also issue securities in
connection with hiring or retaining employees and consultants (including stock options issued under an equity incentive plan), as payment
to providers of goods and services, in connection with future acquisitions or for other business purposes. Our Board of Directors may
at any time authorize the issuance of additional common stock without stockholder approval, subject only to the total number of authorized
shares of common stock set forth in our articles of incorporation. The terms of equity securities issued by us in future transactions
may be more favorable to new investors, and may include dividend and/or liquidation preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance
of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect. Also, the future issuance of any such additional
shares of common stock or other securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. There can be no assurance
that any such future issuances will not be at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of the common stock are then
traded on Nasdaq or other then-applicable over-the-counter quotation system or exchange. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our Common Stock. 

While
we are currently in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, we have received deficiency notices in the past and
there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq. In the event of a deficiency
notice, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and prevent future non-compliance. However,
there can be no assurance we would be able to do so. In the event we are unable to do so, our securities may be delisted from The Nasdaq
Stock Market. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and would impair your ability to
sell or purchase our Common Stock when you wish to do so. 

We
are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We may remain an emerging growth company until as late as December
2023 (the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering), though we may cease to be
an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including (1) if the market value of our common stock that is held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30, in which case we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
December 31, or (2) if our gross revenue exceeds 1.07 billion in any fiscal year. Emerging growth companies may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Investors could find our
common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards
and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. 

27 

Provisions
of our charter documents or Delaware law could delay or prevent an acquisition of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to
our stockholders, which could make it more difficult for you to change management. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger,
acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise
receive a premium for their shares. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempt by our stockholders to replace
or remove our current management by making it more difficult to replace or remove our board of directors. These provisions include, but
are not limited to: 

a
 classified board of directors so that not all directors are elected at one time; 

a
 prohibition on stockholder action through written consent; 

no
 cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

the
 exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors
 or the resignation, death or removal of a director; 

a
 requirement that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by our chairman of the board, chief executive officer or
 president, or by a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors; 

an
 advance notice requirement for stockholder proposals and nominations; 

the
 authority of our board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as our board of directors may determine; and 

a
 requirement of approval of not less than 50 of all outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote to amend any bylaws
 by stockholder action, or to amend specific provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In
addition, the Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder, generally a person who, together with its affiliates, owns, or within the last three years has owned,
15 or more of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly, the DGCL may discourage, delay, or prevent
a change in control of our company. 

Furthermore,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation specifies that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole
and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders. We believe this provision benefits us
by providing increased consistency in the application of the DGCL by chancellors particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes,
efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum
litigation. However, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as such, capital appreciation, if any,
of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth
of our business. In addition, and any future loan arrangements we enter into may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of
dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your
sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

28 

ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None 

ITEM
 2. 
 Properties
 and Facilities 

We
lease a 14,507 square foot manufacturing facility in Irvine, California. Our lease expires on September 30, 2027, providing a remaining
term of approximately fifty-four (54) months from the date of filing this Form 10-K. Our facility is designed expressly for the manufacture
of biologic vascular grafts and is equipped for research and development, prototype fabrication, cGMP manufacturing and shipping for
Class III medical devices, including biologic cardiovascular devices. We believe that our facilities are sufficient for the near future
as there is present capacity to manufacture up to approximately 24,000 venous valves per year to meet potential market demands. 

ITEM
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be subject to litigation and arbitration claims incidental to its business. Such claims may not be covered by our
insurance coverage, and even if they are, if claims against us are successful, they may exceed the limits of applicable insurance coverage. 

On
July 9, 2020, the Company was served with a civil complaint filed in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Orange
by a former employee, Robert Rankin, who resigned his employment on or about March 30, 2020. The case is entitled Rankin v. Hancock Jaffe
Laboratories, Inc. et al., Case No. 30-2020-01146555-CU-WR-CJC and was filed on May 27, 2020. The complaint asserts several causes of
action, including a cause of action for failure to timely pay Mr. Rankin s accrued and unused vacation and three months 
severance under his July 16, 2018 employment agreement with the Company. Mr. Rankin alleges that he was forced to resign, however, we
believe that he did not give the Company notice or an opportunity to cure the allegations. 

The complaint seeks, inter alia, back pay,
unpaid wages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees, and costs. On September 3, 2020 the Company and its Chief
Executive Officer were served with a second complaint filed in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Orange by Mr.
Rankin. The case is entitled Rankin v. Hancock Jaffe Laboratories, Inc. et al., Case No. 30-2020-01157857 and was filed on August 31,
2020. 

The complaint asserts several causes of action, including defamation, unlawful labor code violations, sex-based discrimination,
unfair competition, and seeks damages for lost wages, emotional and mental distress, consequential damages, punitive damages and attorney s
fees and costs. Mr. Rankin resigned as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer on March 30, 2020. 

The Company
has denied all claims in both matters (which have now been consolidated) and has filed a counterclaim asserting that Rankin has breached
his employment agreement with the Company to the Company s damage. The Company continues to believe it has meritorious defenses
to both matters, which are currently set for trial June 12, 2023. 

ITEM
 4. 
 Mine
 and Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

29 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock trades on Nasdaq under the symbol NVNO. Our listed warrants trade on Nasdaq under the symbol NVNOW. 

Holders
of Record 

On
February 27, 2023, the closing price per share of our common stock and listed warrants were 5.69 and 0.07, respectively as reported
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. We had approximately 68 stockholders of record and 1 listed warrant holder of record as of February
27, 2023. On February 27, 2023 there were 9,472,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and 69,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of listed warrants issued and outstanding. In addition, we believe that a significant number of beneficial
owners of our common stock and listed warrants hold their shares in street name. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following information is as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of granted restricted stock unit awards outstanding 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,794,452 
 8.91 
 400,000 
 287,742 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

3,794,452 
 8.91 
 400,000 
 287,742 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance
the growth and development of our business. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, business prospects, the requirements of current or then-existing debt instruments and other factors our board
of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities by Our Company 

None. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 

30 

ITEM
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The following discussion may contain
predictions, estimates, and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed
under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks could cause our actual results to differ
materially from any future performance suggested below. 

Overview 

enVVeno
Medical Corporation is a late clinical-stage med-tech company focused on the advancement of innovative bioprosthetic (tissue-based) solutions
to improve the standard of care for the treatment of venous disease. Chronic Venous Disease (CVD) is the world s most prevalent
chronic disease, impacting approximately 71 of the adult population of the U.S. Chronic Venous Insufficiency (CVI), is a large subset
of CVD, which most often occurs when valves inside of the veins of the leg become damaged, resulting in the backwards flow of blood (reflux),
blood pooling in the lower leg, increased pressure in the veins of the leg (venous hypertension) and in severe cases, venous ulcers that
are difficult to heal. The Company is developing surgical and non-surgical replacement venous valves for patients suffering from severe
CVI of the deep venous system of the leg. 

The
Company s lead product is the VenoValve , which is a first-in-class surgical replacement venous valve that is currently being
evaluated in a U.S. pivotal study. The Company is also developing a second product called enVVe , which is a first-in-class, non-surgical,
transcatheter based replacement venous valve. The Company is currently waiting for regulatory approval to begin a first-in-human study
for enVVe. Both the VenoValve and enVVe are designed to act as one-way valves, to help assist in propelling blood up the veins of the
leg, and back to the heart and lungs. 

The
VenoValve and enVVe are being developed first for approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). We expect the VenoValve to
be eligible for FDA approval first, followed two to three years later by enVVe. Once approved, we expect the VenoValve and enVVe to co-exist,
with the VenoValve as a surgical replacement venous valve option and enVVe as a non-surgical replacement venous valve option. There are
currently no devices approved as surgical or non-surgical replacement venous valves, and there are no effective treatments for deep venous
CVI caused by incompetent valves. 

Our
team of officers and directors has been affiliated with numerous medical devices that have received FDA approval or CE marking and that
have been commercially successful. We develop and manufacture our products in a 14,507 sq. ft. leased manufacturing facility in Irvine,
California, which has been ISO 13485-2020 certified for the design, development and manufacturing of tissue based implantable medical
devices. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

As a late-stage clinical med tech Company, we are not currently generating revenue and our future revenue, if any,
is dependent on our ability to commercialize our product candidates. We
do not expect to begin generating revenue with respect to any of our product candidates in the near term. We hope to eventually achieve
revenues by commercializing and selling our products or licensing our technologies to companies that have the resources and infrastructure
in place to manufacture, market and sell our products. The commercialization and/or licensing of any of our products may take several
years, if it is to occur at all, and depends on our ability to obtain regulatory approval. 

Net
Loss 

We
reported net losses of 24.7 million and 16.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing an
increase in net loss of 8.2 million or 50 , resulting from, as described in further detail below, an increase in operating expenses
of 8.0 million, and a decrease in other expense (income) of 0.2 million. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 3.8 million or 34 , to 15.0 million
from 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this increase, 2.8 million was due to share-based compensation from
grants made during 2021, and 0.2 million from warrants issued to a vendor in 2022 which together increased share-based compensation
cost to 9.0 million in 2022 from 6.0 million in 2021. 

The
remaining 0.8 million increase reflects 0.5 million from higher information technology and other office expense to support
increases in staff, 0.2 million from consulting for
reimbursement codes for the Company s product once commercially approved, and an increase in insurance expense of 0.1 million
primarily from the Company s D O and cyber insurance policies. 

31 

Research
and Development Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses increased by 4.2 million or 74 , to 9.9 million from 5.7
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase of 2.5 million in costs for the SAVVE
trial and preparation for the enVVe first-in-human trial, 1.1 million in higher lab quality testing to prepare for regulatory
audits, support the SAVVE trial and support enVVe product development, 0.3 million in compensation from the increases in staffing
also to support the SAVVE trial and continued product development, and 0.3 million in higher travel costs primarily for the SAVVE
trial. 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Note Payable 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company recorded a one-time 0.3 million gain on extinguishment of note payable due to the forgiveness
of the loan it had obtained under the PPP program authorized by the CARES act. 

Other
Income 

Other
income in 2022 was 0.3 million consisting of 0.2 million in interest income and realized gains, and 0.1 million of unrealized losses,
all related to our investments in US Treasury securities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred losses from operations of 24.7 million and used 15.6 million cash in
operating activities. The net cash used in operating activities during 2022 increased by 3.8 million from 11.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

The
operating losses and the uses of cash are primarily due to the Company s product research and development and administrative
activities. Administrative functions relate to costs to support the Company s public reporting and investor relations
activities as well as internal administrative functions. Research and development activities are for continued product development
and clinical trials for the VenoValve and for the enVVe. The Company will continue to incur these costs to complete its clinical
trials, enhance products, develop new products, and operate as a public company. Although we have discretion in how we use the
Company s cash resources, we expect to continue these activities for the foreseeable future as we seek to obtain regulatory
approval for our studies and product candidates. We are not currently generating revenue. 

Our
cash flows from investing activity have historically consisted of purchases of property and equipment for our lab and offices. However,
during 2022, we commenced a program to invest excess cash in US Treasury bills. During the year we purchased 48.1 million of these investments
and 13.7 million of them matured generating 0.2 million in realized gains and interest income. We expect to continue investing as the
treasury bills mature and as allowed by the cash requirements of our operations. Also, during 2022, we purchased 0.1 million of property
and equipment consisting primarily of lab and test equipment. 

We
do not currently have material commitments for capital expenditures or other expenditures with the exception of our facility lease commitment
of 0.4 million per year. However, we expect a modest increase in purchases of property and equipment as we continue SAVVE and plan for
commercialization of the VenoValve. 

The
Company has historically funded its operations through financing activities such as the capital raises completed in 2021. During 2021,
the Company raised an aggregate of 57.4 million in net proceeds in private and public placements of its securities. Our cash balance
as of December 31, 2022, is 4.6 million. In addition, we have 34.5 million in investments, for total cash and investments of 39.1
million. 

Our
future capital requirements will remain dependent upon a variety of factors, especially including the success of our clinical trials
and related product development costs and our ability to successfully bring products to market. At our existing cash burn rate of
approximately 4 million to 5 million per quarter, we should have sufficient cash to fund operations through the end of 2024 and
into 2025. With primary endpoints following full enrollment in the SAVVE pivotal trial of thirty (30) days for safety, and six (6)
months for effectiveness, we expect to have primary endpoint data well in advance of the need to raise additional capital. Any
inability to raise additional financing would have a material adverse effect on us. 

Based
upon our cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022, we have sufficient capital resources to meet our obligations as they become
due within one year after the date of this Annual Report and sustain operations. 

32 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information requested
by paragraph (a)(5) of this Item. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying audited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP ). 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent
liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions include the valuation allowance related to the
Company s deferred tax assets, and the valuation of warrants. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

The
Company measures the cost of services received in exchange for awards of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of the
award and recognized on a straight-line basis over the period services are provided in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period.
The fair value of the Company s stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes based option valuation
model. The inputs for determining fair value are expected term, volatility, expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate.
The Company estimated the expected term of the options using the simplified method. The Company uses its stock s historical market
information to calculate volatility. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s history and expectation of future
dividend payouts on the common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. treasury zero-coupon
issues with an equivalent remaining expected term. Forfeitures of unvested stock options are recorded when they occur. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required
by this Item. 

ITEM
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

Please
see the financial statements beginning on page F-1 following the signature pages in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated
herein by reference. 

33 

ITEM
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (who is our Principal
Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (who is our Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), of the
effectiveness of the design of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of
December 31, 2021, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2021 to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute assurance,
that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only reasonable assurance
that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15(d) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. Management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
error and all fraud. Controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making
this assessment, our management used the criteria for effective internal control set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption of the Commission that permits the Company to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our auditors, Marcum LLP. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

34 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Listed
below are the names of the directors and executive officers of the Company, their ages as of the date of this Annual Report, their positions
held and the year they commenced service with the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 Held 
 
 Year
 of Service Commencement 
 
 Robert
 A. Berman 
 
 60 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2018 
 
 Craig
 Glynn 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 2020 
 
 Dr.
 Francis Duhay 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 2018 
 
 Dr.
 Sanjay Shrivastava 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 2018 
 
 Matthew
 M. Jenusaitis 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Robert
 C. Gray 
 
 76 
 
 Director 
 
 2019 
 
 Marc
 H. Glickman, M.D. 
 
 74 
 
 Senior
 Vice President and Chief Medical Officer 
 
 2016 

Robert
A. Berman Robert Berman has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since April of 2018.
Mr. Berman has over 25 years of experience in a broad variety of areas including healthcare, finance, acquisitions, marketing, compliance,
turnarounds, and the development and licensing of emerging technologies. From September 2012 until July 2017, he served as the President,
Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors of ITUS Corporation (now called Anixa Biosciences), which at the time
he joined the company was a developer of flat panel display technologies, and under his leadership became a Nasdaq listed cancer therapeutics
company. From 2000 to March 2007, Mr. Berman was the Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of Acacia Research Corporation, where
he successfully transitioned the company from being an incubator of internet startups into a preeminent, publicly traded company for
licensing and enforcing patented technologies with a market cap exceeding 2 billion. Mr. Berman started his career at the law firm of
Blank Rome. Mr. Berman has a B.S. in Entrepreneurial Management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and holds a
J.D. from the Northwestern University School of Law, where he is an adjunct faculty member. We believe that Mr. Berman is qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors because of his experience in a broad variety of areas including healthcare, finance, acquisitions,
marketing, compliance, turnarounds, and the development and licensing of emerging technologies. 

Dr.
Francis Duhay has served as member of our board of directors since October 2018. He is an accomplished heart surgeon,
entrepreneur, and corporate executive. Board certified in general (UCSF) and cardiothoracic surgery (Duke), his seminal work in
minimally invasive cardiac surgery led to 32 patents for surgical devices used in thousands of heart operations. Dr Duhay left
clinical practice for industry in 2008, where he served as Vice President and General Manager of the nascent transcatheter heart
valve therapy program (Ascendra) at Edwards Lifesciences Edwards ), the world s leading manufacturer of
bioprosthetic heart valves. With European CE Mark, he oversaw growth in annual sales of transcatheter heart valves from 3M to over
 250M within the first four years of commercial launch. Promoted to Vice President of Global Medical Clinical Affairs, he led
planning and execution of four US FDA pivotal clinical trials. He was eventually promoted to Chief Medical Officer, where, in
addition to overseeing Global Medical Clinical Affairs, he supported other areas within Edwards including Health Economics
 Reimbursement in its successful application for a procedure code, payment, and coverage of transcatheter aortic valve
replacement (TAVR), and Regulatory Affairs, as an industry representative and clinical expert on the ISO 5840:2014 and 5910:2018
cardiac valve working groups. After departing Edwards, he co-founded and led Koa Accel, a major medical device accelerator in the
Orange County, CA, ecosystem. This bore three medical device startups Makani Science (selected into the 2021 cohort of the
prestigious Y-Combinator), Kino Discovery (selected into the 2021 cohort of MedTech Innovator), and Kahala Biosciences. Most
recently, Dr Duhay served as Senior Vice President of Global Medical Clinical Affairs for Olympus Corporation, the
world s leading manufacturer of colonoscopes, duodenoscopes, bronchoscopes, and cystoscopes. We believe that Dr. Duhay is
qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because he is a trained cardiac and thoracic surgeon and former Chief
Medical Officer at Edwards Life Sciences. 

35 

Dr.
Sanjay Shrivastava has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2018. He has been involved in developing,
commercializing, evaluating, and acquiring medical devices for more than 22 years, including serving in leadership positions in
research and development, business development, and marketing at J J, BTG, plc, Medtronic, Abbott Vascular, and Edwards Life
Sciences. He is presently serving as the chief executive officer at Innova Vascular, Inc., a medical device company funded largely
via an investment from a publicly traded medical device company. Prior to this, he co-founded BlackSwan Vascular, Inc., which is a
clinical stage medical device company and where he serves on the board of directors. He led the strategic alliance for BlackSwan
with Sirtex Medical, which was announced in 2020. Dr. Shrivastava worked on several acquisition and investment deals during his
roles as a senior director, business development at J J and a vice president, upstream marketing and strategy at BTG, plc, which
had an annual revenue of about 800 million and is now part of Boston Scientific Corporation through an acquisition. At Medtronic,
Dr. Shrivastava was the Director of Global Marketing for the Cardiac and Vascular Group where he helped build the embolization
business, from its initiation to a substantial revenue with a very high CAGR over a period of six years. Dr. Shrivastava was part of
the peripheral vascular business at Abbott Vascular and worked on endovascular and trans-catheter heart valve repair and replacement
products at Edwards Life Sciences. Dr. Shrivastava received his Bachelor of Science in engineering at the Indian Institute of
Technology and a doctorate degree in materials science and engineering from the University of Florida. We believe that Dr.
Shrivastava is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of having served in Chief Executive Officer and
board of director positions at several medical device start-ups, and leadership positions in research and development, business
development, and marketing at Innova Vascular, Inc., BTG, Medtronic, Abbott Vascular, and Edwards Life Sciences. 

Matthew
M. Jenusaitis has served as a member of our board of directors since September 2019. He has over 30 years of health care experience
with an emphasis on building and selling companies that develop medical devices to treat vascular diseases. Since March 2015, Mr. Jenusaitis
has been a senior administrative executive at the UC San Diego Health System. He currently serves as the Chief Administrative Officer
for UCSD s Moore s Cancer Center and UCSD Oncology. From June 2009 to March 2015, Mr. Jenusaitis was President and CEO of
OCTANe Foundation for Innovation, a non-profit focused on the development of innovation in Orange County, CA. Over the course of his
career, Mr. Jenusaitis has been on the board of directors of Pulsar Vascular (2008-2017), which was sold to Johnson and Johnson, Creagh
Medical (2008-2015), which was sold to SurModics, and Precision Wire Components (2009-2014), which was sold to Creganna Medical. Mr.
Jenusaitis was also a Senior Vice President at ev3 (April 2006 to July 2008), which was sold to Covidian and later purchased by Medtronics.
In addition, Mr. Jenusaitis was the President of the Peripheral Division at Boston Scientific (July 2003 to August 2005) and was an Executive
in Residence at Warburg Pincus (September 2005 to March 2006). Mr. Jenusaitis has an MBA from the University of California, Irvine, a
Masters Degree in Biomedical Engineering from Arizona State University, and a Bachelors Degree in Chemical Engineering from Cornell University.
We believe that Mr. Jenusaitis is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of over 30 years of health care experience
with an emphasis on building and selling companies that develop medical devices to treat vascular diseases and his prior board experiences. 

Robert
C. Gray has served as a member of our board of directors since September 2019. He had a 20-year career at Highmark, Inc., one
of America s largest health insurance organizations, which serves over 20 million subscribers, and includes Highmark Blue Cross
Blue Shield Pennsylvania, Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield Delaware, and Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield West Virginia, which he retired
from in 2008. While at Highmark, Mr. Gray helped increase revenues to 12.3 billion from 6.9 billion, and helped generate an operating
gain of 375 million from an operating loss of 91 million. In addition to being the board chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President
of several of Highmark s subsidiaries and affiliated companies, Mr. Gray was the Chief Financial Officer of Highmark s parent
company and was the primary contact to Highmark s board of directors for Highmark s audit, investment and compensation (incentive
plans) committees. His many responsibilities at Highmark included rate setting and reimbursement negotiations. Following Highmark, Mr.
Gray co-founded U.S. Holdings LLC (U.S. Implants LLC.), a national distributor of orthopedic implants, and has served as Vice President
since 2009. Since 2011, Mr. Gray has also been self-employed as a strategy and financial consultant. Mr. Gray engaged in Postgraduate
Studies at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill and has an undergraduate degree from Bucknell University. We believe that
Mr. Gray is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his financial and medical reimbursement expertise having
served as the Chief Financial Officer at Highmark, Inc., one of America s largest health insurance organization. 

Marc
H. Glickman, M.D. has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer since May 2016 and served as member of our
board of directors from July 2016 to August 2017. In 1981, Dr. Glickman started a vascular practice in Norfolk, Virginia. He established
the first Vein Center in Virginia and also created a dialysis access center. He was employed by Sentara Health Care as director of Vascular
Services until he retired in 2014. Dr. Glickman is a board certified vascular surgeon. Dr. Glickman received his Doctor of Medicine from
Case Western Reserve, in Cleveland, Ohio and completed his residency at the University of Washington, Seattle. He is board certified
in Vascular Surgery and was the past president of the Vascular Society of the Americas. He has served on the advisory boards of Possis
Medical, Cohesion Technologies, Thoratec, GraftCath, Inc., TVA medical, Austin, Texas. 

Craig
Glynn was hired as our interim Chief Financial Officer in April 2020 and has subsequently been elevated to our fulltime Chief
Financial Officer effective January 2021. Mr. Glynn has more than thirty-nine years of experience providing financial services to a variety
of public and private companies, including in the role as Chief Financial Officer. In 2012, Mr. Glynn founded Edward Thomas Associates,
a firm that provides public and private companies with accounting and finance services, including chief financial officer services. Mr.
Glynn has been a Managing Director of Edward Thomas Associates since 2012. Mr. Glynn has a proven record of success managing the financial
aspects of dynamic organizations either as a member of the management team or in a consulting capacity. He started his career as an auditor
with Deloitte and went on to be the CFO and Controller of several technology, manufacturing, and distribution companies. Mr. Glynn earned
his BS and MS degrees in Accounting from California State University Northridge. He is a member of the American Institute of CPAs. 

36 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no arrangements between our directors and any other person pursuant to which our directors were nominated or elected for their positions.
There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and ten percent stockholders to file initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock with the Commission. Directors, executive officers and ten percent stockholders
are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based upon a review of these filings, we believe
that all required Section 16(a) reports were made on a timely basis during fiscal year 2022. 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are organized under the direction of our board of directors, which currently consists of five members. Our directors
hold office until the earlier of their death, incapacity, removal or resignation, or until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Our board of directors does not have a formal policy on whether the roles of a Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors
should be separate. The primary responsibilities of our board of directors are to provide oversight, strategic guidance, counseling,
and direction to our management. Our board of directors meets on a regular basis. Our bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors
may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. 

We
have no formal policy regarding board diversity. Our priority in selection of board members is identification of members who will further
the interests of our stockholders through his or her established record of professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute positively
to the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business and understanding of the competitive landscape. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation divides our board of directors into three classes, with staggered three-year terms,
as follows: 

Class
I Directors (serving until the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or until their earlier death, disability, resignation or removal): 

Dr.
Francis Duhay and Dr. Sanjay Shrivastava 

Class
II Directors (serving until the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or until their earlier death, disability, resignation or removal) : 

Matthew
M. Jenusaitis , Robert A. Berman 

Class
III Director (serving until the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or until his earlier death, disability, resignation or removal) : 

Robert
C. Gray 

)
Independent Director. 

At
each annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the initial classification, the successors to directors whose terms then expire
will serve until the third annual meeting following their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The authorized
size of our board of directors is currently five members. The authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the
board of directors. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed between the
three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. This classification of the board
of directors may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our control or management. Our directors may be removed for cause
by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our voting stock. 

37 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within
one year of listing. In addition, the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed
company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent and that audit committee members
also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Under
Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion
of our board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act,
a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the
board of directors, or any other board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee
from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Our
board of directors has reviewed the composition of our board of directors and its committees and the independence of each director. Based
upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family
relationships, our board of directors has determined that each of Dr. Duhay, Mr. Gray, Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava is an independent
director as defined under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Our board of directors also determined that Mr. Gray,
Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava will serve on our audit committee, Mr. Gray and Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava will serve on our
compensation committee, and Dr. Duhay, Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava will serve on our nominating and corporate governance committee,
and that each of the committees satisfy the independence standards for such committees established by the SEC and the Nasdaq Marketplace
Rules, as applicable. In making such determinations, our board of directors considered the relationships that each such non-employee
director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Meetings
of the Board and Stockholders 

Our
board of directors met in person and telephonically five times during 2022 and also acted by unanimous written consent. There were four
Audit Committee meetings and three Compensation meetings held in 2022. Our board of directors had 100 attendance for the Annual Meeting
that was held on November 30, 2022. It is our policy that all directors must attend all stockholder meetings, barring extenuating circumstances. 

38 

Board
Committees 

Our
board of directors has established three standing committees audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance each
of which operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors. Copies of each committee s charter are posted
on the Investors section of our website, which is located at www.envveno.com. Each committee has the composition and responsibilities
described below. Our board of directors may from time to time establish other committees. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Gray, who is the chair of the audit committee, Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava. Our board of directors
has determined that each of the members of our audit committee satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and SEC independence requirements.
The functions of this committee include, among other things: 

evaluating
 the performance, independence and qualifications of our independent auditors and determining whether to retain our existing independent
 auditors or engage new independent auditors; 

reviewing
 and approving the engagement of our independent auditors to perform audit services and any permissible non-audit services; 

reviewing
 our annual and quarterly financial statements and reports, including the disclosures contained under the caption Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and discussing the statements and reports with our
 independent auditors and management; 

reviewing
 with our independent auditors and management significant issues that arise regarding accounting principles and financial statement
 presentation and matters concerning the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of our financial controls; 

reviewing
 our major financial risk exposures, including the guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and risk
 management is implemented; and 

reviewing
 and evaluating on an annual basis the performance of the audit committee, including compliance of the audit committee with its charter. 

Our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Gray qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of
applicable SEC regulations and meets the financial sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Both our independent
registered public accounting firm and management periodically meet privately with our audit committee. 

39 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee consists of Dr. Shrivastava, who is the chair of the committee, Mr. Gray and Mr. Jenusaitis. Our board of directors
has determined that each of the members of our compensation committee is an outside director, as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules independence requirements. The
functions of this committee include, among other things: 

reviewing,
 modifying and approving (or if it deems appropriate, making recommendations to the full board of directors regarding) our overall
 compensation strategy and policies; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation, the performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation, and other terms of employment
 of our Chief Executive Officers and our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 and approving (or if it deems appropriate, making recommendations to the full board of directors regarding) the equity incentive
 plans, compensation plans and similar programs advisable for us, as well as modifying, amending or terminating existing plans and
 programs; 

reviewing
 and approving the terms of any employment agreements, severance arrangements, change in control protections and any other compensatory
 arrangements for our executive officers; 

reviewing
 with management and approving our disclosures under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our periodic
 reports or proxy statements to be filed with the SEC; and 

preparing
 the report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Dr. Duhay, who is the chair of the committee, Mr. Jenusaitis and Dr. Shrivastava.
Our board of directors has determined that each of the members of this committee satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules independence
requirements. The functions of this committee include, among other things: 

identifying,
 reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

evaluating
 director performance on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued
 service on our board of directors is appropriate; 

evaluating,
 nominating and recommending individuals for membership on our board of directors; and 

evaluating
 nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors. 

40 

Code
of Conduct 

Our
board of directors has adopted a written code of conduct that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
We have posted on our website a current copy of the code and all disclosures that are required by law or Nasdaq Marketplace Rules concerning
any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Our
board of directors is free to select the Chairman of the board of directors and a Chief Executive Officer in a manner that it considers
to be in the best interests of our company at the time of selection. Currently, Robert A. Berman serves as our Chief Executive Officer.
The office of the Chairman of the board of directors has been vacant since May 2019. We currently believe that this leadership structure
is in our best interests and strikes an appropriate balance between our Chief Executive Officer s responsibility for the day-to-day
management of our company and the Chairman of the board of directors responsibility to provide oversight, including setting the
board of directors meeting agendas and presiding at executive sessions of the independent directors. Additionally, four of our
five members of our board of directors have been deemed to be independent by the board of directors, which we believe provides
sufficient independent oversight of our management. Our board of directors has not designated a lead independent director. 

Our
board of directors, as a whole and also at the committee level, plays an active role overseeing the overall management of our risks.
Our Audit Committee reviews risks related to financial and operational items with our management and our independent registered public
accounting firm. Our board of directors is in regular contact with our Chief Executive Officer, who reports directly to our board of
directors and who supervises day-to-day risk management. 

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

Our
board of directors believes that risk management is an important part of establishing, updating and executing on our business strategy.
Our board of directors has oversight responsibility relating to risks that could affect the corporate strategy, business objectives,
compliance, operations, and the financial condition and performance of our company. Our board of directors focuses its oversight on the
most significant risks facing us and on our processes to identify, prioritize, assess, manage and mitigate those risks. Our board of
directors receives regular reports from members of our senior management on areas of material risk to us, including strategic, operational,
financial, legal and regulatory risks. While our board of directors has an oversight role, management is principally tasked with direct
responsibility for management and assessment of risks and the implementation of processes and controls to mitigate their effects on us. 

Certain
Legal Proceedings 

None
of the Company s directors or executive officers have been involved, in the past ten years and in a manner material to an evaluation
of such director s or officer s ability or integrity to serve as a director or executive officer, in any of those Certain
Legal Proceedings more fully detailed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, which include but are not limited to, bankruptcies, criminal
convictions and an adjudication finding that an individual violated federal or state securities laws. 

41 

ITEM
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The
following table sets forth total compensation paid to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Individuals
we refer to as our named executive officers include our current Chief Executive Officer, our current Chief Financial Officer
and our other most highly compensated executive officer whose salary and bonus for services rendered in all capacities exceeded 100,000
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 Other Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Robert A. Berman 
 2022 
 450,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 16,476 (10) 
 466,476 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 400,000 
 250,000 
 7,674,046 (1) 
 1,340,000 (6) 
 
 15,655 (11) 
 9,679,701 
 
 Craig Glynn 
 2022 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 3,821 (12) 
 228,822 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 225,000 
 25,000 
 2,960,418 (2) 
 335,000 (7) 
 
 651 (13) 
 3,546,069 
 
 Marc H. Glickman, M.D. 
 2022 
 350,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 54,973 (14) 
 404,973 
 
 Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President 
 2021 
 350,000 
 50,000 
 4,247,442 (3) 
 670,000 (8) 
 - 
 56,948 (15) 
 5,374,390 
 
 Dr. Hamed Alavi 
 2022 
 240,000 
 - 
 467,032 (4) 
 - 
 
 20,966 (16) 
 727,999 
 
 Senior Vice President Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 225,000 
 40,000 
 2,932,423 (5) 
 335,000 (9) 
 
 24,679 (17) 
 3,557,102 

(1) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 838,000 stock options granted on February 18, 2021, and 349,781 stock options granted on November 30,
 2021, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The February options vest quarterly over a two-year period and the November
 options vest quarterly over a three-year period. 

(2) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 324,000 stock options granted on February 18, 2021 and 125,925 stock options granted on November 30,
 2021, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The options vest quarterly over a three-year periods. 

(3) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 406,000 stock options granted on February 18, 2021 and 265,700 stock options granted on November 30,
 2021, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The February options vest quarterly over a two-year period and the November
 options vest quarterly over a three-year period. 

(4) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 100,000 stock options granted on November 30, 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.
 The options vest quarterly over a three-year period. 

(5) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 320,000 stock options granted on February 18, 2021 and 125,925 stock options granted on November 30,
 2021, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The options vest quarterly over a three-year periods. 

42 

(6) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 200,000 shares of restricted stock units granted on November 30, 2021, computed based on the closing
 price of the Company s stock on the grant date. 

(7) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 50,000 shares of restricted stock units granted on November 30, 2021, computed based on the closing
 price of the Company s stock on the grant date. 

(8) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 100,000 shares of restricted stock units granted on November 30, 2021, computed based on the closing
 price of the Company s stock on the grant date. 

(9) 
 Represents
 the grant date fair value of 50,000 shares of restricted stock units granted on November 30, 2021, computed based on the closing
 price of the Company s stock on the grant date. 

(10) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 1,226 and 401(k) match of 15,250. 

(11)
 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 1,155 and 401(k) match of 14,500. 

(12) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 1,225 and 401(k) match of 2,596. 

(13) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 651. 

(14) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 39,723 and 401(k) match of 15,250. 

(15) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 42,448 and 401(k) match of 14,500. 

(16) 
 Includes
company paid healthcare of 9,211 and 401(k) match of 11,755. 

(17) 
 Includes
 company paid healthcare of 13,274 and 401(k) match of 11,405. 

43 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have entered into various employment agreements with certain of our executive officers. Set forth below is a summary of many of the material
provisions of such agreements, which summaries do not purport to contain all of the material terms and conditions of each such agreement.
For purposes of the following employment agreements: 

Cause 
 generally means the executive s (i) willful misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of his or her duties to us; (ii)
 willful failure to perform his or her duties to us or to follow the lawful directives of the Chief Executive Officer (other than
 as a result of death or disability); (iii) indictment for, conviction of or pleading of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or
 any crime involving moral turpitude: (iv) repeated failure to cooperate in any audit or investigation of our business or financial
 practices; (v) performance of any material act of theft, embezzlement, fraud, malfeasance, dishonesty or misappropriation of our
 property; or (vi) material breach of his or her employment agreement or any other material agreement with us or a material violation
 of our code of conduct or other written policy. 

Good
 reason generally means, subject to certain notice requirements and cure rights, without the executive s consent, (i)
 material diminution in his or her base salary or annual bonus opportunity; (ii) material diminution in his or her authority or duties
 (although a change in title will not constitute good reason ), other than temporarily while physically or mentally incapacitated,
 as required by applicable law; (iii) relocation of his or her primary work location by more than 25 miles from its then current location;
 or (iv) a material breach by us of a material term of the employment agreement. 

Change
 of control generally means (i) the acquisition, other than from us, by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning
 of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than us or any subsidiary, affiliate (within the meaning of Rule
 144 promulgated under the Securities Act) or employee benefit plan of ours, of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the combined voting power of our then outstanding voting securities entitled
 to vote generally in the election of directors; (ii) a reorganization, merger, consolidation or recapitalization of us, other than
 a transaction in which more than 50 of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting
 entity immediately following such transaction is held by the persons who, immediately prior to the transaction, were the holders
 of our voting securities; or (iii) a complete liquidation or dissolution of us, or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. 

Robert
A. Berman 

On
March 30, 2018, we entered into an employment agreement with Robert A. Berman, our current Chief Executive Officer and director.
Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Berman s base salary is 400,000, subject to annual review and
adjustment at the discretion of our compensation committee, and he will be eligible for an annual year-end discretionary bonus of up
to 50 of his base salary, subject to the achievement of key performance indicators, as determined by our compensation committee.
The initial term of Mr. Berman s employment agreement may be terminated at any time with or without cause and with or without
notice or for good reason thereunder. In November 2021 the board of directors increased Mr. Berman s base salary to 450,000
for 2022 and 500,000 commencing in 2023. In connection with his employment, Mr. Berman received an initial equity grant of an
option to purchase 43,209 options with 8,642 vesting on the date of his Employment Agreement, March 30, 2018, and the remaining 80 
vesting ratably on a monthly basis over the following 24 months. In February 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant
to Mr. Berman to purchase 838,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 8.20 per shares (the closing price of the
Company s common stock on February 18, 2021). The stock option vests in equal quarterly installments over a two year period.
In November 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Berman to purchase 349,781 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of 6.70 per shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on November 30, 2021). The stock option
vests in equal quarterly installments over a three year period. Also in November 2021, the board of directors granted Mr. Berman
200,000 restricted stock units. The restricted stock units are subject to milestone-based vesting as follows: (i) 50 upon SAVVE
(Surgical Anti-reflux Venous Valve Endoprosthesis) endpoints being achieved, and (ii) 50 upon the Pre-Market Approval of the
VenoValve. Additionally, the board of directors paid Mr. Berman a cash bonus of 250,000 for 2021. 

Mr.
Berman is entitled to participate in our employee benefit, pension and/or profit sharing plans, and we will pay certain health and dental
premiums on his behalf. Mr. Berman s employment agreement prohibits him from inducing, soliciting or entertaining any of our employees
to leave our employ during the term of the agreement and for 12 months thereafter. 

Pursuant
to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Berman is entitled to severance in the event of certain terminations of employment. In
the event Mr. Berman s employment is terminated by us without cause and other than by reason of disability or he resigns for good
reason, subject to his timely executing a release of claims in our favor and in addition to certain other accrued benefits, he is entitled
to receive 12 months of continued base salary (or 24 months if such termination occurs within 24 months following a change of control). 

44 

Craig
Glynn 

On February 19, 2021, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Glynn, in connection with Mr. Glynn s elevation to full time Chief Financial Officer
in addition to treasurer and secretary of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Glynn provided for an initial salary
of 225,000 per year, subject to annual review and adjustment at the discretion of the Board. In November 2022 the board of directors
increased Mr. Glynn s base salary to 250,000. In February 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Glynn to
purchase 324,000 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 8.20 per shares (the closing price of the Company s
common stock on February 18, 2021). The stock options vest in equal quarterly installments over a three year period with a six month cliff.
In November 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Glynn to purchase 125,925 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 6.70 per shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on November 30, 2021). The stock option vests in equal
quarterly installments over a three year period. Also in November 2021, the board of directors granted Mr. Glynn 50,000 restricted stock
units. The restricted stock units are subject to milestone-based vesting as follows: (i) 50 upon SAVVE (Surgical Anti-reflux Venous Valve
Endoprosthesis) endpoints being achieved, and (ii) 50 upon the Pre-Market Approval of the VenoValve. Additionally, the board of directors
paid Mr. Glynn a cash bonus of 25,000 for 2021. The employment agreement further provides that Mr. Glynn is entitled to participate in
any employee benefit plans that the Company has adopted or may adopt. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Glynn s employment is terminable due to Mr. Glynn s disability or death, for
 Cause (as defined in the employment agreement) or without Cause by the Company, and for Good Reason 
(as defined in the employment agreement) or voluntarily by Mr. Glynn. In the event of Mr. Glynn s death or disability, or termination
for Cause by the Company or without Good Reason by Mr. Glynn, Mr. Glynn (or his estate) is entitled to receive
any unpaid base salary through the termination date, reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses, accrued but unused vacation time
in accordance with the Company s policy and any other payments or benefits that Mr. Glynn is entitled to in accordance with any
Company benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Benefits ). Upon termination without Cause (other than by
reason of death or disability) or resignation for Good Reason, Mr. Glynn will be entitled to three months of severance
for each year Mr. Glynn is employed up to one year of severance, in addition to all Accrued Benefits. Any outstanding unvested securities
owned by Mr. Glynn on the termination date will vest (or terminate) in accordance with the terms of such grant. 

45 

Marc
H. Glickman, M.D. 

On
July 22, 2016, we entered into an employment agreement with Marc H. Glickman, M.D., our Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer
(the Pre-existing Employment Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of his Pre-existing Employment Agreement, Dr. Glickman s
base salary is 300,000, subject to annual review and adjustment at the discretion of our board of directors, and he will be eligible
for an annual year-end discretionary bonus of up to 50 of his base salary, subject to the achievement of key performance indicators,
as determined by our board of directors. In connection with his Pre-existing Employment Agreement, Dr. Glickman received an initial equity
grant of an option to purchase up to 7,380 shares of our common stock with 20 of the shares vesting immediately and 80 vesting on a
monthly basis over 24 months thereafter. The initial term of Dr. Glickman s Pre-existing Employment Agreement ended on December
31, 2018 and was automatically extended for additional three-year terms. 

On
July 26, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Glickman (the New Employment Agreement that
supersedes the terms of the Pre-existing Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the New Employment Agreement, Dr.
Glickman s base salary is 350,000 per year, subject to annual review and adjustment at the discretion of the Board. In
December 2022, the board of directors increased Mr. Glickman s base salary to 367,500. In connection with entering into the
New Employment Agreement, Dr. Glickman s existing seven thousand three hundred and eighty (7,380) options Existing
Options to purchase Company common stock at two hundred and fifty dollars 250.00) per share until October 1, 2026, were
repriced to fifty dollars 50.00) per share. Additionally, Dr. Glickman, in connection to the New Employment Agreement, was granted
stock options for the right to purchase seven thousand two hundred (7,200) common stock at a price equal to two dollars 50.00) per
share exercisable until July 26, 2029, which shall vest quarterly over a three (3) year period. In February 2021, the board of
directors approved an option grant to Dr. Glickman to purchase 406,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 8.20 per
shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on February 18, 2021). The stock option vests in equal quarterly
installments over a two year period. In November 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Glickman to purchase
265,700 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.70 per shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on
November 30, 2021). The stock option vests in equal quarterly installments over a three year period. Also in November 2021, the
board of directors granted Mr. Glickman 100,000 restricted stock units. The restricted stock units are subject to milestone-based
vesting as follows: (i) 50 upon SAVVE (Surgical Anti-reflux Venous Valve Endoprosthesis) endpoints being achieved, and (ii) 50 
upon the Pre-Market Approval of the VenoValve. Additionally, the board of directors paid Mr. Glickman a cash bonus of 50,000
for 2021. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the New Employment Agreement, Dr. Glickman is an at-will employee and is entitled to severance in the event of certain
terminations of his employment. In the event that Dr. Glickman s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined
in the New Employment Agreement), other than by reason of Disability (as defined in the New Employment Agreement), or he resigns for
Good Reason (as defined in the New Employment Agreement), subject to his timely executing a release of claims in favor of the Company
and in addition to certain other accrued benefits, Dr. Glickman is entitled to receive three months of his base salary for each year
that he has been employed by the Company at the time of termination, up to a total of one year of his base salary. 

Hamed
Alavi 

On July 29, 2020, we entered into
an employment agreement with Dr. Hamed Alavi, our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (the Employment Agreement ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Alavi s base salary was 190,000, subject to annual review and adjustment
at the discretion of our board of directors and he will be eligible for an annual year-end discretionary bonus of up to 25 of his base
salary, subject to the achievement of key performance indicators, as determined by our board of directors. In November 2021 the board
of directors increased Mr. Alavi s base salary to 240,000 and, in November 2022, the board of directors increased Mr. Alavi s
annual base salary to 300,000. In February 2021, the board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Alavi to purchase 320,000 shares
of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 8.20 per shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on February
18, 2021). The stock options vest in equal quarterly installments over a three year period with a six month cliff. In November 2021, the
board of directors approved an option grant to Mr. Alavi to purchase 125,925 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.70 per
shares (the closing price of the Company s common stock on November 30, 2021). The stock option vests in equal quarterly installments
over a three year period. Also in November 2021, the board of directors granted Mr. Alavi 50,000 restricted stock units. The restricted
stock units are subject to milestone-based vesting as follows: (i) 50 upon SAVVE (Surgical Anti-reflux Venous Valve Endoprosthesis) endpoints
being achieved, and (ii) 50 upon the Pre-Market Approval of the VenoValve. Additionally, the board of directors paid Mr. Alavi a cash
bonus of 40,000 for 2021.The employment agreement further provides that Mr. Alavi is entitled to participate in any employee benefit
plans that the Company has adopted or may adopt. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Alavi s employment is terminable due to Mr. Alavi s disability or death, for
 Cause (as defined in the employment agreement) or without Cause by the Company, and for Good Reason 
(as defined in the employment agreement) or voluntarily by Mr. Alavi. In the event of Mr. Alavi s death or disability, or termination
for Cause by the Company or without Good Reason by Mr. Alavi, Mr. Alavi (or his estate) is entitled to receive
any unpaid base salary through the termination date, reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses, accrued but unused vacation time
in accordance with the Company s policy and any other payments or benefits that Mr. Alavi is entitled to in accordance with any
Company benefit plans (collectively, the Accrued Benefits ). Upon termination without Cause (other than by
reason of death or disability) or resignation for Good Reason, Mr. Alavi will be entitled to three months of severance
for each year Mr. Alavi is employed up to one year of severance, in addition to all Accrued Benefits. Any outstanding unvested securities
owned by Mr. Alavi on the termination date will vest (or terminate) in accordance with the terms of such grant. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

Pursuant
to the terms of the employment agreements discussed above, we will pay severance in the event of certain terminations of employment.
In the event employment is terminated by us without cause and other than by reason of disability or if the executive resigns for good
reason, subject to his or her timely executing a release of claims in our favor and in addition to certain other accrued benefits, he
or she is entitled to receive severance pursuant to the terms of his or her employment agreements discussed above. 

46 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of 
securities 
underlying 
unexercised 
options (#) 
exercisable 
 Number of 
securities 
underlying 
unexercised 
options (#) 
unexercisable 
 Equity 
incentive plan 
awards: 
Number of 
securities 
underlying 
unexercised 
unearned 
options (#) 
 Option 
exercise 
price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Robert A. Berman , 
 43,209 (1) 
 - 
 N/A 
 10.00 
 September 23, 2028 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 32,223 (2) 
 7,777 (2) 
 
 10.00 
 July 18, 2030 

783,297 (3) 
 54,703 (3) 
 
 8.20 
 February 18, 2031 

116,594 (4) 
 233,187 (4) 
 
 6.70 
 November 30, 2031 

Marc H. Glickman, M.D. 
 7,200 (5) 
 - 
 N/A 
 50.00 
 July 25, 2029 
 
 Chief Medical Officer and 
 7,380 (5) 
 - 
 N/A 
 50.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Senior Vice President 
 32,223 (2) 
 7,777 (2) 
 - 
 10.00 
 July 18, 2030 

379,497 (3) 
 26,503 (3) 
 
 8.20 
 February 18, 2031 

88,567 (4) 
 177,133 (4) 
 
 6.70 
 November 30, 2031 

Craig Glynn, 
 3,000 (7) 
 1,000 (7) 
 N/A 
 10.00 
 July 18, 2030 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (6) 
 201,900 (8) 
 122,100 (8) 
 
 8.20 
 February 18, 2031 

41,975 (4) 
 83,950 (4) 
 
 6.70 
 November 30, 2031 

Dr. Hamed Alavi 
 6,000 (7) 
 2,000 (7) 
 N/A 
 10.00 
 July 18, 2030 
 
 Senior Vice President and 
 120,592 (8) 
 199,408 (8) 
 
 8.20 
 February 18, 2031 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 41,975 (4) 
 83,950 (4) 
 
 6.70 
 November 30, 2031 

- 
 100,000 (9) 
 
 6.70 
 November 30, 2032 

47 

(1) 
 Options were granted on
 September 24, 2018, and vested 20 on the date of his Employment Agreement, March 30, 2018, and the remaining 80 vests ratably on
 a monthly basis over the 24 months following the date of his Employment Agreement. 

(2) 
 Options were granted on
 July 18, 2020 and vest ratably on a monthly basis over 36 months. 

(3) 
 Options were granted on
 February 18, 2021 and vest ratably on a quarterly basis over two years. 

(4) 
 Options were granted on
 November 30, 2021 and vest ratably on a quarterly basis over three years. 

(5) 
 On July 26, 2019, the Company
 entered a new employment agreement with Dr. Glickman that superseded the terms of his existing employment agreement. In connection
 with entering into the new employment agreement, Dr. Glickman s existing 7,380 options that were granted on October 1, 2016
 were repriced from 250.00 to 50.00 per share. Additionally, on July 26, 2019, Dr. Glickman was granted 7,200 options at 50.00
 per share vesting quarterly over a three-year period. 

(6) 
 Mr. Glynn was elevated
 to permanent Chief Financial Officer in January 2021. 

(7) 
 Options were granted on
 July 18, 2020 and vest ratably on a quarterly basis over three years. 

(8) 
 Options were granted on
 February 18, 2021 and vest ratably on a quarterly basis over three years. 

(9) 
 Options were granted on
 November 30, 2022 and vest ratably on a quarterly basis over three years. 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of 
unearned 
restricted 
stock units 
that have not 
vested 
 Market
 
value of 
unearned 
restricted 
stock units 
that have not 
vested (a) 
 
 Robert A. Berman, Chief Executive Officer 
 11/30/2021 
 200,000 (1) 
 1,020,000 

Marc H. Glickman, M.D., Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President 
 11/30/2021 
 100,000 (1) 
 510,000 

Craig Glynn, Chief Financial Officer 
 11/30/2021 
 50,000 (1) 
 255,000 

Dr. Hamed Alavi, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
 11/30/2021 
 50,000 (1) 
 255,000 

(a) 
 Determined by multiplying
 the number of restricted stock units that have not vested by 5.10, the closing price of NVNO s common stock on December 30,
 2022, the last trading day of 2022. 

(1) 
 On November 30, 2021, Mr.
 Berman was granted 200,000 restricted stock units, Dr. Glickman was granted 100,000 restricted stock units, Mr. Glynn was granted
 50,000 restricted stock units and Mr. Alavi was granted 50,000 restricted stock units. The restricted stock units are subject to
 milestone-based vesting as follows: (i) 50 upon SAVVE (Surgical Anti-reflux Venous Valve Endoprosthesis) endpoints being achieved,
 and (ii) 50 upon the Pre-Market Approval of the VenoValve. 

48 

Employee
Benefit Plans 

Amended
and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
October 1, 2016, our board of directors and our stockholders adopted and approved the enVVeno Medical Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, and, subsequently, on April 26, 2018, our board of directors and our stockholders adopted and approved the Amended and Restated
2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan which was subsequently amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan
following receipt of stockholder approval on December 17, 2020 and by Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive
Plan following receipt of stockholder approval on November 30, 2021 (as amended, the 2016 Plan ). The principal features
of the 2016 Plan are summarized below. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the 2016 Plan, which is
filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Share
Reserve 

We
currently have reserved 4,500,000 shares of our common stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan, provided, however, if at any time the
Company issues additional shares of Common Stock or securities that are convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock (other
than pursuant to the Plan) then the number of shares authorized to be awarded under the Plan shall increase to an amount equal to no
less than 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis. Such increase, if any, shall
occur automatically upon each applicable issuance of securities by the Company. All shares available for issuance under the Plan may
be granted as incentive stock options under Code Section 422. The shares of common stock issuable under the 2016 Plan will consist of
authorized and unissued shares, treasury shares or shares purchased on the open market or otherwise, all as determined by our company
from time to time. 

If
any award is canceled, terminates, expires or lapses for any reason prior to the issuance of shares or if shares are issued under the
2016 Plan and thereafter are forfeited to us, the shares subject to such awards and the forfeited shares will not count against the aggregate
number of shares of common stock available for grant under the 2016 Plan. In addition, the following items will not count against the
aggregate number of shares of common stock available for grant under the 2016 Plan: (1) shares issued under the 2016 Plan repurchased
or surrendered at no more than cost or pursuant to an option exchange program, (2) any award that is settled in cash rather than by issuance
of shares of common stock, (3) shares surrendered or tendered in payment of the option price or purchase price of an award or any taxes
required to be withheld in respect of an award or (4) awards granted in assumption of or in substitution for awards previously granted
by an acquired company. 

Administration 

The
2016 Plan may be administered by our board of directors or our compensation committee. Our compensation committee, in its discretion,
selects the individuals to whom awards may be granted, the time or times at which such awards are granted and the terms and conditions
of such awards. Our board of directors also has the authority, subject to the terms of the 2016 Plan, to amend existing options (including
to reduce the option s exercise price), to institute an exchange program by which outstanding options may be surrendered in exchange
for options that may have different exercise prices and terms, restricted stock, and/or cash or other property. 

Eligibility 

Awards
may be granted under the 2016 Plan to officers, employees, directors, consultants and advisors of us and our affiliates. Incentive stock
options may be granted only to employees of us or our subsidiaries. 

49 

Awards 

The
2016 Plan permits the granting of any or all of the following types of awards: 

Stock
 Options . Stock options entitle the holder to purchase a specified number of shares of common stock at a specified price (the
 exercise price), subject to the terms and conditions of the stock option grant. Our compensation committee may grant either incentive
 stock options, which must comply with Code Section 422, or nonqualified stock options. Our compensation committee sets exercise prices
 and terms and conditions, except that stock options must be granted with an exercise price not less than 100 of the fair market
 value of our common stock on the date of grant (excluding stock options granted in connection with assuming or substituting stock
 options in acquisition transactions). Unless our compensation committee determines otherwise, fair market value means, as of a given
 date, the closing price of our common stock. At the time of grant, our compensation committee determines the terms and conditions
 of stock options, including the quantity, exercise price, vesting periods, term (which cannot exceed 10 years) and other conditions
 on exercise. 

Stock
 Appreciation Rights . Our compensation committee may grant SARs, as a right in tandem with the number of shares underlying stock
 options granted under the 2016 Plan or as a freestanding award. Upon exercise, SARs entitle the holder to receive payment per share
 in stock or cash, or in a combination of stock and cash, equal to the excess of the share s fair market value on the date of
 exercise over the grant price of the SAR. The grant price of a tandem SAR is equal to the exercise price of the related stock option
 and the grant price for a freestanding SAR is determined by our compensation committee in accordance with the procedures described
 above for stock options. Exercise of a SAR issued in tandem with a stock option will reduce the number of shares underlying the related
 stock option to the extent of the SAR exercised. The term of a freestanding SAR cannot exceed 10 years, and the term of a tandem
 SAR cannot exceed the term of the related stock option. 

Restricted
 Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Other Stock-Based Awards . Our compensation committee may grant awards of restricted stock,
 which are shares of common stock subject to specified restrictions, and restricted stock units, or RSUs, which represent the right
 to receive shares of our common stock in the future. These awards may be made subject to repurchase, forfeiture or vesting restrictions
 at our compensation committee s discretion. The restrictions may be based on continuous service with us or the attainment of
 specified performance goals, as determined by our compensation committee. Stock units may be paid in stock or cash or a combination
 of stock and cash, as determined by our compensation committee. Our compensation committee may also grant other types of equity or
 equity-based awards subject to the terms and conditions of the 2016 Plan and any other terms and conditions determined by our compensation
 committee. 

Performance
 Awards . Our compensation committee may grant performance awards, which entitle participants to receive a payment from us, the
 amount of which is based on the attainment of performance goals established by our compensation committee over a specified award
 period. Performance awards may be denominated in shares of common stock or in cash, and may be paid in stock or cash or a combination
 of stock and cash, as determined by our compensation committee. Cash-based performance awards include annual incentive awards. 

50 

Clawback 

All
cash and equity awards granted under the 2016 plan will be subject to all applicable laws regarding the recovery of erroneously
awarded compensation pursuant to Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act, any implementing rules and regulations under such laws, any policies we adopted to implement such
requirements and any other compensation recovery policies as we may adopt from time to time. 

Change
in Control 

Under
the 2016 Plan, in the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2016 Plan), outstanding awards will be treated in accordance with
the applicable transaction agreement. If no treatment is provided for in the transaction agreement, each award holder will be entitled
to receive the same consideration that stockholders receive in the change in control for each share of stock subject to the award holder s
awards, upon the exercise, payment or transfer of the awards, but the awards will remain subject to the same terms, conditions and performance
criteria applicable to the awards before the change in control, unless otherwise determined by our compensation committee. In connection
with a change in control, outstanding stock options and SARs can be cancelled in exchange for the excess of the per share consideration
paid to stockholders in the transaction, minus the option or SARs exercise price. 

Subject
to the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreements, awards granted to non-employee directors will fully vest on an accelerated
basis, and any performance goals will be deemed to be satisfied at target. For awards granted to all other service providers, vesting
of awards will depend on whether the awards are assumed, converted or replaced by the resulting entity. 

For
 awards that are not assumed, converted or replaced, the awards will vest upon the change in control. For performance awards, the
 amount vesting will be based on the greater of (1) achievement of all performance goals at the target level or (2)
 the actual level of achievement of performance goals as of our fiscal quarter end preceding the change in control, and will be prorated
 based on the portion of the performance period that had been completed through the date of the change in control. 

For
 awards that are assumed, converted or replaced by the resulting entity, no automatic vesting will occur upon the change in control.
 Instead, the awards, as adjusted in connection with the transaction, will continue to vest in accordance with their terms and conditions.
 In addition, the awards will vest if the award recipient has a separation from service within two years after a change in control
 by us other than for cause or by the award recipient for good reason (each as defined in the applicable
 award agreement). For performance awards, the amount vesting will be based on the greater of (1) achievement of all performance goals
 at the target level or (2) the actual level of achievement of performance goals as of our fiscal quarter end preceding
 the change in control, and will be prorated based on the portion of the performance period that had been completed through the date
 of the separation from service. 

Amendment
and Termination of the 2016 Plan 

Unless
earlier terminated by our board of directors, the 2016 Plan will terminate, and no further awards may be granted, 10 years after October
1, 2016, the date on which it was approved by our stockholders. Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the 2016 Plan
at any time, except that, if required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule, stockholder approval will be required for
any amendment. The amendment, suspension or termination of the 2016 Plan or the amendment of an outstanding award generally may not,
without a participant s consent, materially impair the participant s rights under an outstanding award. 

51 

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary
duties, except for liability that cannot be eliminated under the DGCL. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable for
monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for any of the following: 

any
 breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

acts
 or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL; or 

any
 transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Our
amended and restated bylaws also provide that we will indemnify our directors and executive officers and may indemnify our other officers
and employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our amended and restated bylaws also permit us to secure insurance
on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in this capacity, regardless
of whether our amended and restated bylaws would permit indemnification. We have obtained directors and officers liability
insurance. 

We
have entered into separate indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers, in addition to indemnification provided
for in our amended and restated bylaws. These agreements, among other things, provide for indemnification of our directors and executive
officers for expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by this person in any action or proceeding arising out of this
person s services as a director or executive officer or at our request. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary
to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive officers. 

The
above description of the indemnification provisions of our amended and restated bylaws and our indemnification agreements is not complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated
bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce
the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our
stockholders. A stockholder s investment may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors
and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be
permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion
of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and may be unenforceable. There is no pending
litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any
pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director or officer. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Board determines the form and amount of director compensation after its review of recommendations made by the Compensation Committee.
A substantial portion of each director s annual retainer is in the form of equity. Under the Company s nonemployee director
compensation program members of the Board who are not also Company employees Non-Employee Directors are granted options
worth up to thirty-seven thousand five hundred dollars 37,500) per annum (the Annual Award ). A Non-Employee Director
who is newly appointed to the Board other than in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders will generally receive a grant of
two thousand four hundred (2,400) options and RSUs worth up to seventy-five thousand dollars 75,000) upon appointment (an Initial
Award ), which covers their compensation for their first three years of service. The Initial Award and Annual Award to Non-Employee
Directors will vest as long as they remain directors in equal annual portions over three years following the date in which the award
is granted. 

52 

The
table below shows the compensation paid to our non-employee directors during 2022 and 2021. 

Name 
 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards )(3) 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Francis Duhay, M.D. 
 2022 
 32,500 
 - 
 37,500 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,000 

2021 
 32,500 
 - 
 37,500 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,000 
 
 Dr. Sanjay Shrivastava 
 2022 
 37,500 
 - 
 37,500 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 

2021 
 37,500 
 - 
 37,500 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Robert Gray 
 2022 
 40,000 
 - 
 37,500 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 77,500 

2021 
 40,000 
 - 
 37,500 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 77,500 
 
 Matthew Jenusaitis 
 2022 
 37,500 
 - 
 37,500 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 

2021 
 37,500 
 - 
 37,500 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 

(1)
Under the Company s nonemployee director compensation program, Dr. Duhay, Dr. Shrivastava, Mr. Gray and Mr. Jenusaitis were each
granted 7,211 options to purchase shares of our common stock on November 30, 2021, as part of their compensation for the year ending
December 31, 2022, at an exercise price of 6.70 per share. The options were valued at 5.20 per share as of the date of the grant. The
grant date value of each grant determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 was 37,500. 

(2)
Under the Company s nonemployee director compensation program, Dr. Duhay, Dr. Shrivastava, Mr. Gray and Mr. Jenusaitis were each
granted 5,673 options to purchase shares of our common stock on February 18, 2021 at an exercise price of 8.20 per share. The options
were valued at 6.61 per share as of the date of the grant. All of these options vest in equal quarterly portions from the grant date
through December 31, 2021, such that they are fully vested at December 31, 2021, and valued in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(3)
Under the Company s nonemployee director compensation program, Dr. Duhay, Dr. Shrivastava, Mr. Gray and Mr. Jenusaitis were each
granted 8,403 options to purchase shares of our common stock on November 30, 2022, as part of their compensation for the year ending
December 31, 2023, at an exercise price of 6.70 per share. The options were valued at 4.46 per share as of the date of the grant and
will vest in equal quarterly portions starting on March 31, 2023 and through December 31, 2023, such that they are fully vested at December
31, 2023. The grant date value of each grant determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 was 37,500. 

53 

ITEM
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table lists, as of February 27, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i)
each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer
and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. 

Applicable
percentage ownership is based on 9,471,932 shares of common stock outstanding as the date of this Form 10-K. We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who
possess sole or shared voting or dispositive power with respect to such securities. In addition, pursuant to such rules, we deemed outstanding
shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of February 27, 2023. We did not deem such shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the beneficial owners
named in the table below have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares of our common stock that they beneficially
own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd. (2) 
 937,515 
 9.9 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Robert A. Berman (3) 
 1,073,853 
 10.2 
 
 Marc Glickman, M.D. (4) 
 569,555 
 5.7 
 
 Hamed Alavi (5) 
 313,039 
 3.2 
 
 Craig Glynn (6) 
 285,035 
 2.9 
 
 Francis Duhay, M.D. (7) 
 42,296 

Dr. Sanjay Shrivastava (8) 
 25,273 

Robert Gray (9) 
 28,240 

Matthew Jenusaitis (10) 
 27,510 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 2,364,801 
 20.1 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Except
 as otherwise noted below, the address for each person or entity listed in the table is c/o enVVeno Medical Corporation, 70 Doppler,
 Irvine, California 92618. 
 
 (2) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the Perceptive Live Sciences Master Fund Ltd. (the Master Fund ). The Master Fund directly
 holds 781,615 shares of common stock and 1,759,035 pre-funded warrants. The pre-funded warrants may not be exercised if the Master
 Fund would beneficially own more than 9.9 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock after giving effect to such
 exercise. Perceptive Advisors serves as the investment manager to the Master Fund and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares.
 Mr. Edelman is the managing member of Perceptive Advisors and may be deemed to beneficially own such shares. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes
 1,063,617 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
 March 2, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes
 567,955 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes
 313,039 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes 285,035 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise
of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (7) 
 Includes
 21,385 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes
 21,385 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (9) 
 Includes
 20,585 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 
 
 (10) 
 Includes
 20,585 shares of common stock that are issuable upon exercise of options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
 days of March 2, 2023. 

54 

ITEM
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we were a party in which (i) the amount involved exceeded or
will exceed the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years
and (ii) any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family
of, or person sharing the household with, any of the foregoing persons, who had or will have a direct or indirect material interest,
other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other similar arrangements, which are described under Executive
Compensation. 

None 

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify each of our directors
and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Further, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our
directors and officers, and we intend to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our
directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. For further information,
see Executive Compensation Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters. 

To
the best of our knowledge, during the past two fiscal years, other than as set forth above, there were no material transactions, or series
of similar transactions, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party,
in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average total assets at year end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record
or beneficially more than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons,
has an interest (other than compensation to our officers and directors in the ordinary course of business). 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

All
future transactions between us and our officers, directors or five percent stockholders, and respective affiliates will be on terms no
less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent directors
who do not have an interest in the transactions and who had access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or independent legal counsel. 

Director
Independence 

The
information provided in Item 10, under the subheading Director Independence is incorporated herein. 

55 

ITEM
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our
annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required
filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 197,000 and 194,000, respectively. The above amounts include
interim procedures, audit fees, fees related to registration statements filed during those years, and attendance at audit committee meetings. 

All
Other Fees. None. 

Procedures
For Board of Directors Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor 

Our
audit committee is ultimately responsible for reviewing and approving, in advance, any audit and any permissible non-audit engagement
or relationship between us and our independent registered public accounting firm. Our engagement of Marcum to conduct all audit and permissible
non-audit related activities incurred during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were approved by our audit committee in accordance with these
procedures. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statements Schedules 

1. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on those financial
statements, are hereby filed as part of this report beginning on page F-1. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto. 

56 

3. 
 Exhibits 

The
following is a complete list of exhibits filed as part of this Form 10-K. Exhibit numbers correspond to the numbers in the Exhibit Table
of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2020). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2018). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-220372) filed on September 7, 2017). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Series A Preferred Stock Placement Agents Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on December 14, 2017). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Series B Preferred Stock Placement Agents Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on December 14, 2017). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (issued in connection with the 2017 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on December 14, 2017). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on January 26, 2018). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (issued to Mr. Cantor) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on December 14, 2017). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant (issued in connection with the 2017 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on January 26, 2018). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (issued in connection with the 2018 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on January 26, 2018). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant (issued in connection with the 2017 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on April 16, 2018). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant (issued in connection with the 2018 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on April 16, 2018). 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on May 14, 2018). 
 
 4.12 
 
 Amendment to Warrant to Purchase Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on April 16, 2018). 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on May 14, 2018). 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2020). 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020). 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020). 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement, inclusive of Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 21, 2020). 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Private Placement Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-239658) filed on July 16, 2020). 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2020). 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (including Form of Warrant Certificate) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333 -251528) filed on February 5, 2021). 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2021). 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Warrant (Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2021). 
 
 4.23 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on December 14, 2017). 

57 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Robert A. Berman. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on April 16, 2018). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-220372) filed on May 14, 2018). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant under Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit under Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, by and between enVVeno Medical Corporation and Marc Glickman, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2019). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and between enVVeno Medical Corporation and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-239658) filed on July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-239658) filed on July 16, 2020). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2020). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2020). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2021, by and between enVVeno Medical Corporation and Craig Glynn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 10.18 
 
 At-the-Market Offering Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between enVVeno Medical Corporation and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2021). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 8, 2021). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2020, by and between enVVeno Medical Corporation and Hamed Alavi. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Conduct (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 and not filed herewith. 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 2, 2023 
 ENVVENO
 MEDICAL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert Berman 

Robert
 Berman 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Craig Glynn 

Craig
 Glynn 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

59 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

INDEX
TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 enVVeno
Medical Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of enVVeno Medical Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 2, 2023 

F- 2 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (In thousands except par values, unless otherwise indicated) 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Security deposits and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized: shares issued or outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (In thousands except per share data) 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other (Income) Expense: 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 
 - 

Realized gain from sales of trading securities 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gain from trading securities 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income, net 

Other income 
 - 

Total Other (Income) Expense 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Per Basic and Diluted Common Share: 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands, unless otherwise
indicated) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in public offering 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair
 Value of Warrants Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares
 issued in satisfaction of trade payable 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in At The Market Transactions (ATM) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued in registered direct offering 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Shared-Based
 Compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at January 1, 2022 
 
 - 

Shared-Based
 Compensation 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (In thousands, unless otherwise indicated) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Unrealized loss from Investments 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of note payable 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposit and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Maturities of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchases of investments 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from shares issued under ATM 
 - 

Proceeds from registered direct offering 
 - 

Proceeds from public offerings, net 
 - 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 
 - 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 - 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalent, and Restricted Cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - Beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - End of year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS continued 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (In thousands, unless otherwise indicated) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Received (Paid) During the Period For: 

Interest received 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash Operating and Financing Activities 

Gain on extinguishment of note payable 
 - 

Fair value of common stock issued in satisfaction of trade payable 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued to Preferred Exchange Participants, SABR and re-priced placement agent warrant 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

sq. ft. leased manufacturing facility in Irvine,
California, which has been ISO 13485-2020 certified for the design, development and manufacturing of tissue based implantable medical
devices. 

million, investments of and working capital of million. Although
the Company expects to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future and may need to raise additional capital to sustain its operations,
pursue its product development initiatives and penetrate markets for the sale of its products, Management believes that our capital resources
at December 31, 2022, are sufficient to meet our obligations as they become due within one year after the date of this Annual Report. 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of (a) the useful life of the asset; or (b) the remaining
lease term. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the economic useful life of the related assets, are charged
to operations as incurred, and expenditures, which extend the economic life are capitalized. When assets are retired, or otherwise disposed
of, the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss on disposal is
recognized. 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at each institution. There were aggregate uninsured cash balances of
 million as of December 31, 2022. 

- 
 
 Total debt investments 

- 

Unrealized
losses of million for the year ending December 31, 2022 are from fixed-income securities and primarily attributable to changes
in interest rates. Management does not believe any remaining unrealized losses represent impairments based on our evaluation of
available evidence. There were no similar investments at December 31, 2021. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense is reflected in general and administrative expenses in
the accompanying statements of operations. 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

months from its September 30, 2022 expiration date to a new expiration date of September 30, 2027. The initial lease rate
at the date of the amendment was per month with escalating payments. In connection with the lease, the Company is obligated to
pay monthly for operating expenses for building repairs and maintenance. 

The
Company determined the lease liabilities using the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate of to estimate the present
value of the remaining monthly lease payments. 

years 
 
 Discount rate 

Year ended December 31, 2024 

Year ended December 31, 2025 

Year ended December 31, 2026 

Year ended December 31, 2027 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of our lease liability 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued research and development 

Other 

Accrued expenses 

million, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection
Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. 

The
Loan, which was in the form of a Note dated April 12, 2020, was to mature on , and bore interest at a rate of per annum,
payable monthly commencing on November 12, 2020. On September 8, 2021, the Company was notified the Loan and any accrued interest had
been forgiven. In connection with this, the Company recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of million. 

Federal: Deferred 

State and local: 

Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 State and local: Current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred 

State and local: Deferred 

Federal,
 State and Local, Tax Expense 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 
 - 
 - 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Nondeductible compensation 

Permanent differences 

True up adjustments 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Research and development expense 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 

Operating lease liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment loss 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Operating lease asset 

Property and equipment 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

ASC
740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to
the extent that management assesses that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is
dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Because of the Company s
history of operating losses, management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above listed future tax
benefits is currently not more likely than not to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a full valuation allowance. The valuation
allowance increased by million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change 
(generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the
corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to
offset its post-change income taxes may be limited. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the
Company s NOL carry forwards are subject to annual limitations due to greater than 
ownership changes in 2018 and 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had post-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes
of approximately million and 
million, respectively. Pre-2018 federal NOLs of approximately 
million may be carried forward for twenty years and begin to expire in 2029. Based on the 2020 and 2021 ownership changes, the
Company expects 
million of its pre-2018 federal NOLs to expire unused. Under current federal tax law, post-2017 federal NOLs in the aggregate amount of 
million can be carried forward indefinitely and the annual limit of deduction equals 
of taxable income. To the extent the Company utilizes its NOL carryforwards in the future, the tax years in which the attribute was
generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities of the future period tax
return in which the attribute is utilized. The Company also has federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of
approximately 
million which begin to expire in 2027. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of approximately million
and million, respectively, which can be carried forward for twenty years and begin to expire in 2029. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction as well as California and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination
by those taxing authorities. The Company s federal income taxes for the years beginning in 2018 remain subject to examination.
The Company s state and local income tax returns for the years beginning in 2019 remain subject to examination. No tax audits were
initiated during 2022 or 2021. 

Management
has evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial
statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits within
twelve months of the reporting date. The Company s policy is to classify assessments, if any, for tax related interest as interest
expense and penalties as general and administrative expenses in the statements of operations. 

On
June 29, 2020, California s Governor Newsom signed AB85 suspending California net operating loss NOL utilization
and imposing a cap on the amount of business incentives tax credits (R D credit) for tax years 2020-2022. Given the tax loss in 2021
and an expected tax loss for 2022, the suspension will not have an impact on the Company s NOL in California. On February 9, 2022,
Mr. Newsom signed SB113 which removes the restrictions in AB85 effective for the 2022 tax year. 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 

August 2021 
 At-the-Market Equity Program 
 Common Stock 

- 

September 9, 2021 
 Registered Direct Offering 
 Common Stock and pre-funded warrants 

Total 

Warrants 

Issued 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding, January 1, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 

Outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
2016 Plan is to be administered by the Board, which has discretion over the awards and grants thereunder. No awards may be issued after
November 21, 2026. 

The
Plan was adopted in 2016 and amended in 2018, 2020 and 2021 to increase the number of shares authorized to be awarded under the Plan.
As of December 31, 2021 there are shares authorized under the Plan as a result of the increase authorized by our shareholders
in 2021. The number of shares subject to the Plan is automatically adjusted from time to time such that shares authorized under the plan
shall at all times be equal to at least of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company on a fully diluted basis. The current
number of shares authorized is greater than the minimum. 

Stock
Options 

years 
 years 
 
 Volatility 

Risk free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

The
Company includes share-based compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expenses, and recognized million and 
million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to outstanding stock options and
restricted stock units that will be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 

ENVVENO
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Granted 

Shares vested 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 
 Shares Vested 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Total 

Shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options and restricted stock units 

Potentially dilutive common stock equivalents excluded from diluted net loss per share 

Anti-dilutive common shares 

F- 18 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 ex10-21.htm

Exhibit
10.21 

HANCOCK
JAFFE LABORATORIES, INC. 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement ), dated as of July 29, 2020 (the Effective Date ), is made by
and between Hancock Jaffe Laboratories, Inc. Hancock Jaffe and Hamed Alavi Executive , and
together with Hancock Jaffe, the Parties ). 

WHEREAS,
 Hancock Jaffe desires to employ Executive, and Executive desires to be so employed, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual promises contained herein and of other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
POSITION AND DUTIES. 

(a)
Hancock Jaffe shall employ Executive as its Director of Research and Development and Quality. Executive s start date will be July
29, 2020 (the Start Date ). Executive shall perform the duties set forth in this Section 1, in addition to those employment
duties that are usual and customary for Executive s position and those employment duties that may be assigned to Executive from
time to time. Executive s performance will be re-evaluated after one (1) year , with consideration given to the possibility of
promoting Executive to Vice President. 

(b)
Executive shall devote all of Executive s business time, energy, judgment, knowledge and skill and Executive s best efforts
to the performance of Executive s duties with Hancock Jaffe, provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Executive from
(i) participating in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs; and (ii) managing Executive s
passive personal investments, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not interfere or conflict with Executive s duties
hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict. 

2.
AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. Executive s employment with Hancock Jaffe is at will, and, subject to the provisions of Section
6 herein, may be terminated at any time, with or without cause, for any reason, by either Employee or Hancock Jaffe. No individual, other
than the company s board of directors (the Board ), has the legal authority or ability to alter the at-will 
nature of the employment relationship and, by signing this Agreement, Employee is confirming that there are no oral, collateral, or other
written statements by any employee or representative of Hancock Jaffe to the contrary. The Board can alter the at-will 
nature of the Executive s employment relationship with Hancock Jaffe only in a written agreement signed both by the Board and Employee. 

3.
BASE SALARY. Hancock Jaffe shall pay Executive a base salary Base Salary at an annual rate of One Hundred
and Ninety Thousand Dollars 190,000) during the Term, paid in accordance with the regular payroll practices of Hancock Jaffe. The Base
Salary shall be subject to annual review and adjustment at the sole discretion of the CEO. 

4.
EQUITY INCENTIVE. At the first board meeting following the Start Date, the CEO shall recommend that the Company s compensation
committee that Executive shall be granted stock options for the right to purchase Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) shares of Hancock Jaffe
common stock at a price equal to the closing price of Hancock Jaffe common stock on the date that the Board approves the option grant.
The stock options shall vest quarterly, over a three (3) year period, with a one (1) year cliff. The stock options shall be granted in
accordance with the Hancock Jaffe 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Option Plan ), and shall be subject to such other terms
and conditions as are set forth in the Option Plan and the agreement issued pursuant to the Option Plan. 

1 

5.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS. 

(a)
 BENEFIT PLANS. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any employee benefit plans that Hancock Jaffe has
adopted or may adopt, maintains or contributes to for the benefit of its employees generally, subject to satisfying the applicable eligibility
requirements, except to the extent such plans are duplicative of the benefits otherwise provided to Executive hereunder. Executive s
participation shall be subject to the terms of the applicable plan documents and generally applicable Hancock Jaffe policies for similarly
situated Hancock Jaffe executives. Healthcare and Dental Benefit Premiums for Executive and Executive s dependents are currently
paid by Hancock Jaffe. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hancock Jaffe may modify or terminate any employee benefit plan at any time. 

(b)
 VACATIONS. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation time in accordance with Hancock Jaffe s policy
applicable to senior management employees as in effect from time to time; provided , however , that Executive shall accrue
up to three (3) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. Vacation will be proated based upon the Start Date for the first calendar year
of employment and based upon the termination date for the final year of employment. A maximum of ten (10) days of unused vacation time
may be carried forward from one calendar year to any subsequent calendar year. 

(c)
 HOLIDAYS AND PERSONAL DAYS. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to Holidays and Personal Days in accordance with Hancock
Jaffe the current policy (currently twelve (12) paid Holidays and two (2) Personal days per calendar year). Unused Holidays and Personal
Days may not be carried forward from one calendar year to any subsequent calendar year. 

(d)
 PENSION AND PROFIT SHARING PLANS. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any Pension or Profit Sharing
Plan or other type of plan adopted by Hancock Jaffe for the benefit of its Executives and/or employees generally, including without limitation
the Company s 401(k) plan. 

(e)
 BUSINESS EXPENSES. Upon presentation of reasonable substantiation and documentation as Hancock Jaffe may require from time to
time, Executive shall be reimbursed in accordance with Hancock Jaffe s expense reimbursement policy, for all reasonable out-of-pocket
business expenses incurred and paid by Executive during the Term and in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. 

6.
TERMINATION. Executive s employment under this Agreement shall terminate on the first to occur of the following: 

(a)
 DISABILITY. Upon ten (10) days prior written notice by Hancock Jaffe to Executive of termination due to Disability. Disability 
shall mean Executive is unable to perform each of the essential duties of Executive s position by reason of a medically determinable
physical or mental impairment that is potentially permanent in character or that can be expected to last for a continuous period of not
less than twelve (12) months. 

(b)
 DEATH. Automatically upon the death of Executive. 

(c)
 CAUSE. Immediately upon written notice by Hancock Jaffe to Executive of a termination for Cause. Cause shall
mean Executive s: 

(i)
willful misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of Executive s duties to Hancock Jaffe; 

2 

(ii)
willful failure to perform Executive s duties to Hancock Jaffe or to follow the lawful directives of the CEO (other than as a result
of death or Disability); 

(iii)
indictment for, conviction of or pleading of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude; 

(iv)
repeated failure to cooperate in any audit or investigation of the business or financial practices of Hancock Jaffe; 

(v)
performance of any material act of theft, embezzlement, fraud, malfeasance, dishonesty or misappropriation of Hancock Jaffe s property;
or 

(vi)
material breach of this Agreement or any other material agreement with Hancock Jaffe or a material violation of Hancock Jaffe s
code of conduct or other written policy. 

Executive
shall be given written notice detailing the specific Cause event and a period of ten (10) days following Executive s receipt of
such notice to cure such event (if susceptible to cure) to the reasonable satisfaction of the CEO. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, Executive s right to cure as set forth in the preceding sentence shall not apply if there are habitual or repeated
breaches by Executive. A termination for Cause shall be deemed to include a determination by the CEO or its designee following Executive s
termination of service that circumstances existing prior to such termination would have entitled Hancock Jaffe to have terminated Executive
for Cause. All rights Executive has or may have under this Agreement shall be suspended automatically during the pendency of any investigation
by the CEO or its designee, or during any negotiations between the CEO or its designee and Executive, regarding any actual or alleged
act or omission by Executive of the type described in this definition of Cause. 

(d)
 GOOD REASON. Upon written notice by Executive to Hancock Jaffe of a termination for Good Reason. Good Reason 
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events, without the consent of Executive, unless such events are fully corrected in
all material respects by Hancock Jaffe within thirty (30) days following written notification by Executive to Hancock Jaffe of the occurrence
of one of the events: 

(i)
material diminution in Executive s Base Salary or Annual Bonus opportunity; 

(ii)
relocation of Executive s primary work location by more than 25 miles from its then current location; or 

(iii)
a material breach by Hancock Jaffe of a material term of this Agreement. 

Executive
shall provide Hancock Jaffe with a written notice detailing the specific circumstances alleged to constitute Good Reason within thirty
(30) days after the first occurrence of such circumstances, and actually terminate employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration
of Hancock Jaffe s thirty (30) day cure period described above. Otherwise, any claim of such circumstances as Good Reason shall
be deemed irrevocably waived by Executive. 

(e)
 WITHOUT CAUSE. Immediately upon written notice by Hancock Jaffe to Executive of an involuntary termination without Cause (other
than for death or Disability). 

(f)
 VOLUNTARY TERMINATION. Upon sixty (60) days prior written notice by Executive to Hancock Jaffe of Executive s voluntary
termination of employment without Good Reason (which Hancock Jaffe may, in its sole discretion, make effective earlier than any notice
date). 

3 

7.
CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION. 

(a)
 DEATH/DISABILITY. In the event that Executive s employment ends on account of Executive s death or Disability, Executive
or Executive s estate, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the following (with the amounts due under Sections 7(a)(i) 
through 7(a)(iv) below to be paid within sixty (60) days following termination of employment, or such earlier date as may be required
by applicable law): 

(i)
any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination; 

(ii)
reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination; 

(iii)
any accrued but unused vacation time in accordance with Hancock Jaffe policy, which shall be prorated for any year in which Executive s
employment with Hancock Jaffe is terminated; and 

(iv)
all other payments, benefits or fringe benefits to which Executive shall be entitled under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement
or benefit, equity or fringe benefit plan or program or grant (collectively, Sections 7(a)(i) through 7(a)(iv) hereof shall
be hereafter referred to as the Accrued Benefits ). 

(b)
 TERMINATION FOR CAUSE OR WITHOUT GOOD REASON. If Executive s employment is terminated (i) by Hancock Jaffe for Cause or
(ii) by Executive without Good Reason, Hancock Jaffe shall pay to Executive the Accrued Benefits. 

(c)
 TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR FOR GOOD REASON. If Executive s employment by Hancock Jaffe is terminated by Hancock Jaffe
other than for Cause or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, Hancock Jaffe shall pay or provide Executive the following: 

(i)
the Accrued Benefits; and 

(ii)
continued payment of the Base Salary for three (3) months for each one (1) year that Executive has been employed by the Company, up to
a total of one (1) year of Executive s Base Salary. 

Payments
and benefits provided under this Section 7(c) shall be in lieu of any termination or severance payments or benefits to which Executive
may be eligible under any of the plans, policies or programs of Hancock Jaffe or under the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification
Act of 1988, as amended, or any similar state statute or regulation. Should Executive die prior to the payment of the Severance Amount,
the Severance Amount shall be paid to the heirs or estate of Executive in accordance with the schedule set forth herein. 

(d)
 OTHER OBLIGATIONS. Upon any termination of Executive s employment with Hancock Jaffe, Executive shall automatically be deemed
to have resigned from any and all other positions he then holds as an officer, director or fiduciary of Hancock Jaffe and any other entity
that is part of the same consolidated group as Hancock Jaffe or in which capacity Executive serves at the direction of or as a result
of his position with Hancock Jaffe; and Executive shall, within 10 days of such termination, take all actions as may be necessary under
applicable law or requested by Hancock Jaffe to effect any such resignations. 

(e)
 EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. The amounts payable to Executive following termination of employment hereunder pursuant to Sections 7(a), (b)
and (c above shall be in full and complete satisfaction of Executive s rights under this Agreement and any other claims
that Executive may have in respect of Executive s employment with Hancock Jaffe or any of its Affiliates (as defined below), and
Executive acknowledges that such amounts are fair and reasonable, and are Executive s sole and exclusive remedy, in lieu of all
other remedies at law or in equity, with respect to the termination of Executive s employment hereunder or any breach of this Agreement. 

4 

(f)
 NO MITIGATION OR OFFSET. Executive shall not be required to seek or accept other employment or otherwise to mitigate damages as
a condition to the receipt of benefits pursuant to this Section 7, and amounts payable pursuant to this Section 7 shall not be offset
or reduced by any amounts received by Executive from other sources. 

(g)
 NO WAIVER OF ERISA-RELATED RIGHTS. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to be a waiver by Executive of any benefits accrued
for or due to Executive under any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended) maintained by Hancock Jaffe, if any, except that Executive shall not be entitled to any severance benefits pursuant to any
severance plan or program of Hancock Jaffe other than as provided herein. 

(h)
 CLAWBACK. All awards, amounts or benefits received or outstanding under this Agreement shall be subject to clawback, cancellation,
recoupment, rescission, payback, reduction or other similar action in accordance with the terms of any applicable law related to such
actions, as may be in effect from time to time. Hancock Jaffe may take such actions as may be necessary to effectuate any provision of
applicable law relating to clawback, cancellation, recoupment, rescission, payback or reduction of compensation, whether adopted before
or after the Effective Date, without further consideration or action. 

8.
RELEASE. Any and all amounts payable and benefits or additional rights provided pursuant to this Agreement upon termination beyond
the Accrued Benefits shall only be payable if Executive delivers to Hancock Jaffe and does not revoke a general release of claims in
favor of Hancock Jaffe in a form satisfactory to Hancock Jaffe. Such release shall be furnished to Executive within two business days
after Executive s date of termination, and must be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation, if applicable)
within thirty (30) days following termination (or such longer period to the extent required by law). 

9.
RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. 

(a)
 Confidentiality. 

(i)
 Company Information. At all times during the Term and thereafter, Executive shall
hold in strictest confidence, and shall not use, except in connection with the performance of Executive s duties, and shall not
disclose to any person or entity, any Confidential Information of Hancock Jaffe. Confidential Information means
any Hancock Jaffe proprietary or confidential information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, including research, product plans,
products, services, customer lists and customers, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs,
drawings, engineering, marketing, distribution and sales methods and systems, sales and profit figures, finances and other business information
disclosed to Executive by Hancock Jaffe, either directly or indirectly in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of documents or
other tangible property. However, Confidential Information does not include any of the foregoing items which has become publicly known
and made generally available through no wrongful act of Executive. 

(ii)
 Executive-Restricted Information. During the Term, Executive shall not improperly
use or disclose any proprietary or confidential information or trade secrets of any person or entity with whom Executive has an agreement
or duty to keep such information or secrets confidential. 

(iii)
 Third Party Information. Executive recognizes that Hancock Jaffe has received and
in the future will receive from third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on Hancock Jaffe s
part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. At all times during the Term
and thereafter, Executive shall hold in strictest confidence, and shall not use, except in connection with the performance of Executive s
duties, and shall not disclose to any person or entity, such third party confidential or proprietary information, and shall not use it
except as necessary in performing Executive s duties, consistent with Hancock Jaffe s agreement with such third party. 

5 

(b)
 Nonsolicitation of Employees. During the Term and for a period of twelve (12) months
thereafter, Executive shall not, acting alone or in conjunction with others, directly or indirectly, other than on behalf of Hancock
Jaffe and its Affiliates, solicit employment for or of employees of Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates or induce, solicit or entertain any
employee to leave the employ of Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates. 

(c)
 NONDISPARAGEMENT. Executive shall not make negative comments or otherwise disparage Hancock Jaffe or any person or entity or business
unit controlled by, controlling or under common control with Hancock Jaffe Affiliates or any of their officers,
directors, managers, employees, consultants, equityholders, agents or products. The foregoing shall not be violated by truthful statements
(i) in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including depositions
in connection with such proceedings) or (ii) made in the course of Executive discharging his duties for Hancock Jaffe. 

(d)
 COOPERATION. Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from Hancock Jaffe, while employed by Hancock Jaffe and thereafter, Executive
shall respond and provide information with regard to matters in which Executive has knowledge as a result of Executive s employment
with Hancock Jaffe, and shall provide reasonable assistance to Hancock Jaffe, its Affiliates and their respective representatives in
defense of any claims that may be made against Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates, and shall assist Hancock Jaffe and its Affiliates in
the prosecution of any claims that may be made by Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period
of Executive s employment with Hancock Jaffe (collectively, the Claims ). Executive shall promptly inform Hancock
Jaffe if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuits involving Claims that may be filed or threatened against Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates.
Executive also shall promptly inform Hancock Jaffe (to the extent that Executive is legally permitted to do so) if Executive is asked
to assist in any investigation of Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates (or their actions) or another party attempts to obtain information
or documents from Executive (other than in connection with any litigation or other proceeding in which Executive is a party-in-opposition)
with respect to matters Executive believes in good faith to relate to any investigation of Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates, in each case,
regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding has then been filed against Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates with respect to such
investigation, and shall not do so unless legally required. During the pendency of any litigation or other proceeding involving Claims,
Executive shall not communicate with anyone (other than Executive s attorneys and tax and/or financial advisors and except to the
extent that Executive determines in good faith is necessary in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder)
with respect to the facts or subject matter of any pending or potential litigation or regulatory or administrative proceeding involving
Hancock Jaffe or any of its Affiliates without getting the prior written consent of Hancock Jaffe. Upon presentation of appropriate documentation,
Hancock Jaffe shall pay or reimburse Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket travel, duplicating or telephonic expenses incurred by
Executive in accordance with Hancock Jaffe s applicable policies in complying with this Section 9(d), and Executive shall be compensated
by Hancock Jaffe at a reasonable hourly rate for assistance given after the end of the Term. 

(e)
 Ownership of Information, Ideas, Concepts, Improvements, Discoveries and Inventions, and all
Original Works of Authorship. 

(i)
As between the Parties, all information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries and inventions, whether patentable or not, which
are conceived, made, developed or acquired by Executive or which are disclosed or made known to Executive, individually or in conjunction
with others, during the Term and which relate to Hancock Jaffe s business, products or services (including all such information
relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations,
acquisition prospects, the identity of clients or customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within the client or
customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective
names and marks) are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of Hancock Jaffe. Moreover, all drawings, memoranda, notes, records,
files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, maps and all other writings or materials of any type embodying
any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries and inventions are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of
Hancock Jaffe. 

6 

(ii)
In particular, Executive hereby specifically assigns and transfers to Hancock Jaffe all of Executive s worldwide right, title and
interest in and to all such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries or inventions, and any United States or foreign applications
for patents, inventor s certificates or other industrial rights that may be filed thereon, and applications for registration of
such names and marks. During the Term and thereafter, Executive shall assist Hancock Jaffe and its nominee at all times in the protection
of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries or inventions, both in the United States and all foreign countries, including
the execution of all lawful oaths and all assignment documents requested by Hancock Jaffe or its nominee in connection with the preparation,
prosecution, issuance or enforcement of any applications for United States or foreign letters patent, and any application for the registration
of such names and marks. 

(iii)
Moreover, if during the Term, Executive creates any original work of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression which is the
subject matter of copyright (such as reports, videotapes, written presentations, computer programs, drawings, maps, architectural renditions,
models, manuals, brochures or the like) relating to Hancock Jaffe s business, products or services, whether such work is created
solely by Executive or jointly with others, Hancock Jaffe shall be deemed the author of such work if the work is prepared by Executive
in the scope of Executive s employment; or, if the work is not prepared by Executive within the scope of Executive s employment
but is specially ordered by Hancock Jaffe as a contribution to a collective work, as a part of any written or audiovisual work, as a
translation, as a supplementary work, as a compilation or as an instructional text, then the work shall be considered to be work made
for hire and Hancock Jaffe shall be the author of the work. In the event such work is neither prepared by the Executive within the scope
of Executive s employment or is not a work specially ordered and deemed to be a work made for hire, then Executive shall assign,
and by these presents, does assign, to Hancock Jaffe all of Executive s worldwide right, title and interest in and to such work
and all rights of copyright therein. Both during the Term and thereafter, Executive shall assist Hancock Jaffe and its nominee, at any
time, in the protection of Hancock Jaffe s worldwide right, title and interest in and to the work and all rights of copyright therein,
including the execution of all formal assignment documents requested by Hancock Jaffe or its nominee and the execution of all lawful
oaths and applications for registration of copyright in the United States and foreign countries; provided , however , that
Executive shall be compensated by Hancock Jaffe at a reasonable hourly rate for assistance given after the end of the Term. 

(iv)
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(e), pursuant to the California Labor Code, Hancock Jaffe hereby notifies Executive
that the provisions of this Section 9(e) shall not apply to any inventions for which no equipment, supplies, facility or trade secret
information of Hancock Jaffe was used and which were developed entirely on Executive s own time, unless (A) the invention relates
(1) to the business of Hancock Jaffe, or (2) to actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Hancock Jaffe, or (B) the
invention results from any work performed by Executive for Hancock Jaffe. A copy of the applicable provisions of the California Labor
Code shall be made available to Executive upon Executive s request. 

(f)
 RETURN OF COMPANY PROPERTY. On the date of Executive s termination of employment with Hancock Jaffe for any reason (or at
any time prior thereto at Hancock Jaffe s request), Executive shall return all property belonging to Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates
(including any Hancock Jaffe or Affiliate-provided laptops, computers, cell phones, wireless electronic mail devices or other equipment,
or documents or property (including without limitation log in information and passwords) belonging to Hancock Jaffe or an Affiliate). 

(g)
 EFFECT OF EXECUTIVE BECOMING A BAD LEAVER. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if (i) Executive breaches
any of the covenants set forth in this Agreement at any time during the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending twenty four
(24) months after Executive s termination of employment with Hancock Jaffe for any reason and (ii) Executive fails to cure such
breach within ten (10) days of the effective date of written notice of such breach given by Hancock Jaffe, then Executive shall be deemed
a Bad Leaver . If Executive is or becomes a Bad Leaver, then (i) any severance being paid to Executive pursuant to
this Agreement or otherwise shall immediately cease upon commencement of such action and (ii) Executive shall be liable to repay to Hancock
Jaffe any severance previously paid to him by Hancock Jaffe, less 100 to serve as consideration for the release described in Section
8 above. 

7 

10.
EQUITABLE RELIEF AND OTHER REMEDIES. Executive acknowledges that Hancock Jaffe s remedies at law for a breach or threatened
breach of any of the provisions of Section 9 above would be inadequate and in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition
to any remedies at law, Hancock Jaffe, without posting any bond, shall be entitled to seek to obtain equitable relief in the form of
specific performance, a temporary restraining order, a temporary or permanent injunction or any other equitable remedy that may then
be available, without the necessity of showing actual monetary damages or the posting of a bond or other security. 

11.
NO ASSIGNMENTS. This Agreement is personal to each of the Parties. Except as provided in this Section 11, neither Party may assign
or delegate any rights or obligations hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the other Party. Hancock Jaffe may assign
this Agreement to any of its Affiliates or to any successor to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Hancock Jaffe,
 provided that Hancock Jaffe shall require such Affiliate or successor to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement
in the same manner and to the same extent that Hancock Jaffe would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As
used in this Agreement, Hancock Jaffe shall mean Hancock Jaffe and any Affiliate or successor to its business and/or assets
that assumes and agrees to perform the duties and obligations of Hancock Jaffe under this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 

12.
NOTICE. Any notice that either Party may be required or permitted to give to the other shall be in writing and may be delivered personally,
by electronic mail or via a postal service, postage prepaid, to such electronic mail or postal address and directed to such person as
Hancock Jaffe may notify Executive from time to time; and to Executive at his electronic mail or postal address as shown on the records
of Hancock Jaffe from time to time, or at such other electronic mail or postal address as Executive, by notice to Hancock Jaffe, may
designate in writing from time to time. 

13.
SECTION HEADINGS; INCONSISTENCY. The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect,
or be used in connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement
and any form, award, plan or policy of Hancock Jaffe, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control. 

14.
SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this
Agreement or any action in any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction. 

15.
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

16.
 Applicable Law; Choice of Venue and Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process. 

(a)
All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the performance of the obligations imposed
by this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and wholly to be performed
in such state without regard to conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. 

8 

(b)
For purposes of resolving any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the Parties evidenced by this Agreement,
the Parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and further agree that any related
litigation shall be conducted solely in the courts of Orange County, California or the federal courts for the United States for the Central
District of California, where this Agreement is made and/or to be performed, and no other courts. 

(c)
Each Party may be served with process in any manner permitted under State of California law, or by United States registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested. 

17.
MISCELLANEOUS. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge
is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and such officer or director as may be designated by Hancock Jaffe. No waiver by either
Party at any time of any breach by the other Party of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed
by such other Party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent
time. This Agreement together with all exhibits hereto sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties in respect of the subject matter
contained herein and supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between Executive and Hancock Jaffe or its Affiliates
with respect to the subject matter hereof, including the Prior Employment Agreement. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise,
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by either Party that are not expressly set forth in this
Agreement. 

18.
REPRESENTATIONS. Executive represents and warrants to Hancock Jaffe that (a) Executive has the legal right to enter into this Agreement
and to perform all of the obligations on Executive s part to be performed hereunder in accordance with its terms, and (b) Executive
is not a party to any agreement or understanding, written or oral, and is not subject to any restriction, which, in either case, could
prevent Executive from entering into this Agreement or performing all of Executive s duties and obligations hereunder. 

19.
TAX MATTERS. 

(a)
 WITHHOLDING. Any and all amounts payable under this Agreement or otherwise shall be subject to, and Hancock Jaffe may withhold
from such amounts, any federal, state, local or other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

(b)
 SECTION 409A COMPLIANCE. 

(i)
The intent of the Parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from (to the extent possible) Section 409A Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, as amended (collectively,
the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance
therewith. To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with Section 409A, such modification shall be made
in good faith and shall, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent and economic benefit to the Parties
of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A. In no event shall Hancock Jaffe be liable for any additional
tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on Executive by Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Section 409A. 

(ii)
A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment
of any amounts or benefits that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A upon or following a termination
of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes
of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms
shall mean separation from service. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed
on the date of termination to be a specified employee under Section 409A, then with regard to any payment or the provision
of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A payable on account of a separation
from service, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period
measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (B) the date of Executive s death, to the
extent required under Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the foregoing delay period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to
this Section 19(b)(ii) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such
delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum on the first business day following the six-month period, and any remaining
payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them
herein. 

9 

(iii)
To the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind benefits under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation 
for purposes of Section 409A, (A) all expenses or other reimbursements hereunder shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable
year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive, (B) any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits
shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and (C) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for reimbursement
or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
to be provided, in any other taxable year. 

(iv)
For purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated
as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period
with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be at the sole discretion of the Board. 

(v)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes
 nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A be subject to offset by any other amount unless otherwise
permitted by Section 409A. 

(c)
 Modification of Payments. In the event it shall be determined that any payment,
right or distribution by Hancock Jaffe or any other person or entity to or for the benefit of Executive pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or otherwise, in connection with, or arising out of, Executive s employment with Hancock Jaffe or a change in ownership
or effective control of Hancock Jaffe or a substantial portion of its assets (a Payment is a parachute payment 
within the meaning of Code Section 280G on account of the aggregate value of the Payments due to Executive being equal to or greater
than three times the base amount, as defined in Code Section 280G (the Parachute Threshold ), so that
Executive would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999 (the Excise Tax and the net after-tax
benefit that Executive would receive by reducing the Payments to the Parachute Threshold is greater than the net after-tax benefit Executive
would receive if the full amount of the Payments were paid to Executive, then the Payments payable to Executive shall be reduced (but
not below zero) so that the Payments due to Executive do not exceed the amount of the Parachute Threshold, reducing first any Payments
under Section 7 above. 

By
signing this Agreement Below, Executive acknowledges that Executive: 

(1)
has read and understood the entire Agreement; 

(2)
has had the opportunity to ask questions and consult counsel or other advisors about its terms; and 

(3)
agrees to be bound by it. 

10 

In
witness whereof , 
Hancock Jaffe has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, and Executive acknowledges understanding and acceptance
of, and agrees to, the terms of this Agreement, all as of the Effective Date. 

HANCOCK
 JAFFE LABORATORIES, INC. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 

Robert
 A. Berman 
 
 Hamed
 Alavi 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

11 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of enVVeno Medical Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-264361)
and Form S-3 (File No. 333-237592, File No. 333-248865 and File No. 333-252874) of our report dated March 2, 2023, with respect to
our audits of the financial statements of enVVeno Medical Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of enVVeno Medical Corporation for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

New York, NY 

March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Robert Berman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of enVVeno Medical Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 2, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert Berman 

Name: 
 Robert Berman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

I, Craig Glynn, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of enVVeno Medical Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial
 reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 2, 2023 
 
 /s/ Craig Glynn 

Name: 
 Craig Glynn 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of enVVeno Medical
Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), Robert Berman, as Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer and Craig Glynn, as Chief Financial
Officer and principal financial officer of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge and belief, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

/s/ Robert Berman 

Robert Berman 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Craig Glynn 

Craig Glynn 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

Dated: March 2, 2023 

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nvno-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nvno-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nvno-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvno-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

