<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_850460_0000850460-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6002045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139096</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1351572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1716360</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1415476</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1292564</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000850460-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216170631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000850460-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENCORE WIRE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000850460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ROLLING DRAWING & EXTRUDING OF NONFERROUS METALS [3350]
		IRS NUMBER:				752274963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20278
		FILM NUMBER:		23639286

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1329 MILLWOOD RD
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-562-9473

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1329 MILLWOOD RD
		CITY:			MCKINNEY
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75069

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENCORE WIRE CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000850460-23-000017.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 wire-20221231.htm
 10-K

wire-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Note Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o Indicate by check mark whether any of these error correction are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the Common Stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was (Note: The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by the Company s directors, executive officers, immediate family members of such directors and executive officers, 10 or greater stockholders and other stockholders deemed to be affiliates was excluded from the computation of the foregoing amount. The characterization of such persons as affiliates should not be construed as an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the Registrant for any other purpose). 
 Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 15, 2023: 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ENCORE WIRE CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I 
 PAGE Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 Item 2. Properties 
 9 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 12 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 37 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 38 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 41 
 SIGNATURES 
 42 

i 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 General 
 Encore Wire Corporation is a Delaware corporation, incorporated in 1989, with its principal executive office and manufacturing plants located at 1329 Millwood Road, McKinney, Texas 75069. The Company s telephone number is (972) 562-9473. As used in this annual report, unless otherwise required by the context, the terms we, our, Company, Encore and Encore Wire refer to Encore Wire Corporation. 
 The Company manufactures a broad range of electrical wire and cables, used to distribute power from the transmission grid to the wall outlet or switch. Encore s diversified product portfolio and low-cost of production positions it exceptionally well to play a key role in the transition to a more sustainable and reliable energy infrastructure. Our products are proudly made in America at our vertically-integrated, single-site, Texas campus. 
 The Company sells its products through manufacturers representatives to wholesale electrical distributors servicing the residential, commercial, industrial and renewable energy sectors. 
 Strategy 
 Encore Wire s strategy is to combine its industry-leading delivery model, with world-class operations, to expand market share and profitability with loyal electrical distributor customers in a high-performance industry. Encore s legendary customer service, expansive single-campus model, low-cost production, centralized distribution, product innovation, and deep company culture have promoted Encore s growth and will contribute to its future success. 
 Customer Service : Customer loyalty has been a key driver of Encore s success, which it has earned through an intense focus on customer needs, building and maintaining strong relationships, exceeding performance and delivery expectations with an industry-leading order fill rate, and rapidly handling customer orders, shipments, and inquiries. Encore maintains broad and deep product inventories based on our customers needs, and believes that the speed and completeness with which it fills orders are critical to marketing its products. 
 Single-Campus Model : Encore s single-site campus is a key competitive advantage. It enables a cohesive culture of loyalty and performance, low-cost manufacturing, distribution and administration efficiencies, speed to manufacture and deliver product, exceptional quality and safety programs, manufacturing flexibility and agility, acute cost control, optimized raw material planning and usage, and a resilience to supply chain issues experienced by others in our industry. 
 Product Innovation : Encore has been a leader in bringing new ideas and innovative products to a commodity product line. 
 Encore pioneered the widespread use of Colored Insulation on feeder sizes of commercial wire, as well as colors on residential (non-metallic) cable. Encore s colors have become the industry standard and have improved job-site safety, provided handling efficiencies for electrical distributors, and reduced installation times for electrical contractors. Use of colors also enable building inspectors to immediately identify installed wire. 
 Encore Wire s patented SmartColor ID system for metal-clad and armor-clad cables allows for quick and accurate identification of gauge, number of conductors, wire and jacket type. 
 Our spool-free PullPro is a lightweight, portable, durable case weighing less than thirty pounds that requires no additional tools for a tangle-free wire pull. With no spools to crack or discard, it improves job-site scrap rates and reduces trash and waste. 
 We believe our Reel Payoff is the industry's first self-spinning wooden reel, which allows pulling on or off the pallet with no additional tools. 
 Additionally, Encore currently has multiple patents and patent-pending innovations that range from process improvements to packaging solutions. 
 Low-Cost Production : Encore s low-cost production capability features an efficient plant design and an incentivized work force. 
 Efficient Plant Design : Encore s automated wire manufacturing equipment is integrated in an efficient design that reduces material handling, labor and in-process inventory. 
 1 

Incentivized Work Force : The Company has a long term incentive plan that enhances the motivation of its salaried manufacturing supervisors. The Company also has a comprehensive safety program creating a world-class culture by engaging employees, identifying and eliminating risk, and training employees to be successful. The Company provides a 401(k) retirement savings plan to all employees, and a monthly operations incentive plan for hourly employees. 
 Products 
 Encore offers an electrical building wire product line that consists primarily of NM-B cable, UF-B cable, THHN/THWN-2, XHHW-2, USE-2, RHH/RHW-2 and other types of wire products, including SEU, SER, Photovoltaic, URD, tray cable, metal-clad and armored cable. All of these products are manufactured with copper or aluminum as the current-carrying component of the conductor. The principal bases for differentiation among stock-keeping units are product type, conductor type, diameter, insulation, length, color and packaging. 
 Manufacturing 
 The efficiency of Encore s automated manufacturing facility is a key element of its low-cost production capability. Encore s wire manufacturing lines have been integrated so that the handling of product is substantially reduced throughout the production process. The manufacturing process for the Company s various products involves multiple steps, including: casting, drawing, stranding, compounding, insulating, cabling, jacketing and armoring. 
 Encore manufactures and tests all of its products in accordance with the Underwriters Laboratories (UL) standards, a nationally recognized testing and standards agency. Additionally, UL representatives routinely visit and test products from each area of manufacturing. 
 Customers 
 Encore sells its wire to wholesale electrical distributors throughout the United States. Most distributors supply products to electrical contractors. Encore s customers are numerous and diversified. Encore has two customers, each of whom slightly exceeds 10 of the Company's total sales. Encore has no customer, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Encore believes that the speed and completeness with which it fills customers orders is crucial to its ability to expand the market share for its products. The Company also believes that, for a variety of reasons, many customers strive to maintain lean inventories. Because of this trend, the Company seeks to maintain sufficient inventories to satisfy customers prompt delivery requirements. 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 Encore markets its products throughout the United States through independent manufacturers representatives. 
 Encore maintains the majority of its finished product inventory at its service center in McKinney, Texas. In order to provide flexibility in handling customer requests for immediate delivery, additional finished product inventories are maintained at warehouses owned and operated by some of the Company's independent manufacturers representatives located strategically across the United States. 
 Finished goods are typically delivered to customers by trucks operated by common carriers. The decision regarding the carrier to be used is based primarily on availability and cost. 
 The Company invoices its customers directly for products purchased and pays the manufacturer's representative a commission based on pre-established rates. The Company determines customer credit limits. The Company recorded no reserve for credit losses in 2022, but reserved 1.5 million and 0.7 million for credit losses in 2021 and 2020 respectively. The manufacturers representatives have no discretion to determine prices charged for the Company s products, and all sales are subject to Company approval. 
 Human Capital 
 General 
 The Company fosters a culture for our employees based on the old-fashioned values of service, professionalism and stewardship. We encourage our employees to do the right thing under any circumstances and to conform to our Code of Conduct and Ethics. These values are a key aspect of our human capital retention and they inform our employment and compensation philosophies. 
 2 

Employees 
 Encore believes that its hourly employees are highly motivated and that their motivation contributes significantly to Encore s efficient operation. The Company believes that competitive hourly compensation coupled with sound management practices focuses its employees on maintaining high production standards and product quality. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Encore had 1,672 employees, 1,406 of whom were paid hourly wages and were primarily engaged in the operation and maintenance of the Company s manufacturing and warehouse facilities. The Company s remaining employees were executive, supervisory, administrative, sales and clerical personnel. The Company considers its relations with its employees to be good. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements with any of its employees. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 The Company rewards employees with competitive compensation and benefits packages, including attractive medical plans, a 401(K) retirement savings plan, opportunities for annual bonuses and, for eligible employees, long-term incentives and a deferred compensation plan. The Company believes that long term incentives like stock-based compensation are a critical part of its compensation program and allows the Company to attract and retain talented employees. 
 Health and Safety 
 Employee health and safety is a top priority for the Company. The Company is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment and to conducting its business in a safe and environmentally protective manner. All employees and officers are expected to perform their duties consistent with site specific safety and environmental rules and regulations and site application of Company best practices. The Company understands how the health of its employees impacts not only their work, but their family life, too. The Company offers an Occumed On-Site Clinic with a nurse practitioner for employees and their immediate families. For many, the Occumed On-Site Clinic provides basic health screenings and treatment equal to those at a general practice facility which otherwise might not be possible. The Company also offers a wide range of health and wellness services to assist its employees and their families with making good lifestyle choices. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 The Company is committed to and values hiring employees with varied personal and professional backgrounds, perspectives and experiences, promoting a culture of diversity and inclusion. The diversity of the Company s employees is a tremendous asset, and the Company is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate acts of discrimination or harassment. The Company is committed to employing and advancing in employment all persons without regard to their race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, disability, or other protected categories. 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw materials used by Encore in manufacturing its products are copper cathode, copper scrap, PVC thermoplastic compounds, XLPE compounds, aluminum, steel, paper and nylon, all of which are readily available from a number of suppliers. Copper is the principal raw material used by the Company in manufacturing its products, constituting 78.6 of the dollar value of all raw materials used by the Company during 2022. Copper requirements for manufacturing our wire are purchased primarily from miners and commodity brokers at prices determined each month primarily based on the average daily COMEX closing prices for copper for that month, plus a negotiated premium. The Company also purchases raw materials necessary to manufacture various PVC thermoplastic compounds. These raw materials include PVC resin, clay and plasticizer. 
 The Company produces copper rod from purchased copper cathode and copper scrap in its own rod fabrication facility. The Company reprocesses copper scrap generated by its operations as well as copper scrap purchased from others. In 2022, the Company s copper rod fabrication facility manufactured the majority of the Company s copper rod requirements. The Company purchases aluminum rod from various suppliers for aluminum wire production. 
 The Company also compounds its own wire jacket and insulation compounds. The process involves the mixture of PVC raw material components to produce the PVC used to insulate the Company s wire and cable products. The raw materials include PVC resin, clay and plasticizer. During the last year, the Company s plastic compounding facility produced the vast majority of the Company s PVC requirements. 
 3 

Competition 
 The electrical wire and cable industry is highly competitive. The Company competes with several companies who manufacture and sell wire and cable products beyond the building wire segment in which the Company competes. The Company s primary competitors include Southwire Company, LLC, Cerrowire (a Marmon/Berkshire Hathaway company), General Cable (a company of the Prysmian Group) and AFC Cable Systems, Inc. (a part of Atkore International). 
 For all our products, the Company believes that it is competitive with respect to all relevant factors, including order fill rate, quality, pricing, and, in some instances, breadth of product line. 
 Compliance with Governmental and Environmental Regulations 
 The Company is subject to federal, state and local laws covering a wide variety of subject matters, including environmental protection laws and regulations governing the Company s operations and the use, handling, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances currently or formerly used by the Company. Management believes the Company is in compliance with all such rules including certain environmental permitting and reporting requirements. Historically, compliance with laws and regulations, including environmental regulations, has not had a material impact on the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of the Company. 
 Intellectual Property Matters 
 From time to time, the Company files patent applications with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company currently owns several patents and pending patent applications. The Company also owns several registered trademarks and pending trademark applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The current registrations for the marks will expire on various dates from 2023 to 2031, but each registration can be renewed indefinitely as long as the respective mark continues to be used in commerce and the requisite proof of continued use or renewal application, as applicable, is filed. These trademarks provide source identification for the goods manufactured and sold by the Company and allow the Company to achieve brand recognition within the industry. 
 Internet Address/SEC Filings 
 The Company s Internet address is https://www.encorewire.com. Under the Investors section of our website, the Company provides a link to our electronic Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, director and officer beneficial ownership reports filed pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any amendments to these reports. All such reports are available free of charge and are available as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. 
 The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at https://www.sec.gov. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Information regarding Encore s executive officers including their respective ages as of February 16, 2023, is set forth below: Name Age Position with Company Daniel L. Jones 59 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer Bret J. Eckert 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Jones has held the office of President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 2006. He performed the duties of the Chief Executive Officer in an interim capacity from May 2005 to February 2006. From May 1998 until February 2005, Mr. Jones was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. He previously held the positions of Chief Operating Officer from October 1997 until May 1998, Executive Vice President from May 1997 to October 1997, Vice President-Sales and Marketing from 1992 to May 1997, after serving as Director of Sales since joining the Company in November 1989. He has also served as a member of the Board of Directors since May 1992, and was named Chairman of the Board in 2014. 
 4 

Mr. Eckert has held the office of Executive Vice President since December 2022. He served as Vice President-Finance, Treasurer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of Encore since January 2020. He joined the Company in August 2019 as Vice President-Finance. Prior to joining the Company, Bret served as Executive Managing Director for the Houston office of Riveron Consulting LLC, a business advisory firm, from June 2018 to August 2019. Previously he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atmos Energy Corporation in Dallas for approximately five years. He spent the first twenty-two years of his career with Ernst Young LLP where he was a partner for ten years. 
 All executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the Board or until their respective successors are chosen and qualified. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The following are risk factors that could affect the Company s business, financial results and results of operations. These risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of these risks, many of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Before purchasing the Company s stock, an investor should know that making such an investment involves some risks, including the risks described below. If any of the risks mentioned below or other unknown risks actually occur, the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of its stock could fluctuate significantly. We may also face other risks and uncertainties that are not presently known, are not currently believed to be material, or are not identified below because they are common to all businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Supply and Availability of Raw Materials, Supply Chain Constraints and Profitability Margins 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to meet customer demand of a commodity product in a highly competitive market, and sourcing an adequate supply of raw materials, including copper, is vital to our business and operations. While the Company generally believes our supply of raw materials is adequate, the Company could experience instances of limited supply of certain raw materials, resulting in extended lead times and higher prices. 
 Shortages or interruptions (including due to labor or political disputes) in the supply of our raw materials could disrupt our operations, and our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by such disruptions. Limitations inherent within our supply chain of certain raw materials, including competitive, governmental, and legal limitations, natural disasters, and other events, could impact costs, and future increases in the costs of these items, including, for example, the adoption of new tariffs by the United States and other countries, and a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our profitability and availability of raw materials. There can be no assurance that future price increases will be successfully passed through to customers or that we will be able to find alternative suppliers. 
 Additionally, in the last three quarters of 2021 and throughout 2022, supply chain constraints, driven in part by the COVID-19 pandemic, positively impacted the prices at which we sold our products, resulting in our increased profitability. There can be no assurance that product prices or our profitability will remain at current levels. We anticipate the supply chain constraints abating in the future, but we are unable to predict the timing, impact, or whether such abatement will be gradual or abrupt. 
 Product Pricing and Volatility of Copper Market 
 Price competition for copper electrical wire and cable is significant, and the Company sells its products in accordance with prevailing market prices. Wire and cable prices can, and frequently do, change on a daily basis. This competitive pricing market for wire does not always mirror changes in copper prices, making margins highly volatile. Copper, a commodity product, is the principal raw material used in the Company s manufacturing operations. The price of copper fluctuates depending on general economic conditions and in relation to supply and demand and other factors, including changes in regulatory, geopolitical, political, social, economic, tax or monetary policies, and it causes monthly variations in the cost of copper purchased by the Company. The SEC allows shares of physically backed copper exchange traded funds ETFs to be listed and publicly traded. Such funds and other copper ETFs like them hold copper cathode as collateral against their shares. The acquisition of copper cathode by copper ETFs may materially decrease or interrupt the availability of copper for immediate delivery in the United States, which could materially increase the Company s cost of copper. In addition to rising copper prices and potential supply shortages, we believe that ETFs and similar copper-backed derivative products could lead to increased copper price volatility. While the Company has experienced increased profitability in recent quarters, the Company cannot predict future copper prices or the effect of fluctuations in the costs of copper on the Company s future operating results and, as a result, cannot predict how 
 5 

long the Company's increased profitability will continue and whether such positive financial trends will be sustained. Consequently, fluctuations in copper prices caused by market forces can significantly affect the Company s financial results. 
 Industry Conditions and Cyclicality 
 The residential, commercial and industrial construction industry, which is the end user of the Company s products, is cyclical and is affected by a number of factors, including the general condition of the economy, market demand and changes in interest rates. Industry sales of electrical wire and cable products tend to parallel general construction activity, which includes remodeling. Data on remodeling is not readily available. However, remodeling activity historically trends up when new construction slows down. Construction activity is affected by the ability of our end users to finance projects, which may be severely reduced due to a widespread outbreak of contagious disease, including an epidemic or pandemic such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Residential, commercial and industrial construction could decline if companies and consumers are unable to finance construction projects or if the economy precipitously declines or stalls, which could result in delays or cancellations of capital projects. 
 Deterioration in the financial condition of the Company s customers due to industry and economic conditions may result in reduced sales, an inability to collect receivables and payment delays or losses due to a customer s bankruptcy or insolvency. Although the Company s bad debt experience has been low in recent years, the Company s inability to collect receivables may increase the amounts the Company must expense against its bad debt reserve, decreasing the Company s profitability. A downturn in the residential, commercial or industrial construction industries and general economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Competition 
 The electrical wire and cable industry is highly competitive. The Company competes with several manufacturers of wire and cable products that have substantially greater resources than the Company. Some of these competitors are owned and operated by large, diversified companies. The principal elements of competition in the wire and cable industry are, in the opinion of the Company, pricing, product availability and quality and, in some instances, breadth of product line. The Company believes that it is competitive with respect to all of these factors. While the number of manufacturers producing wire and cable has declined in the past, there can be no assurance that new competitors will not emerge or that existing producers will not employ or improve upon the Company s manufacturing and marketing strategy. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 Operating Results May Fluctuate 
 Encore s results of operations may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuation in the demand for and shipments of the Company s products. Therefore, comparisons of results of operations, including recent periods of increased profitability, have been and will be impacted by the volume of such orders and shipments, and the Company cannot predict if periods of increased profitability will continue in the future. In addition, the Company's operating results could be adversely affected by the following factors, among others, such as variations in the mix of product sales, price changes in response to competitive factors, increases in raw material costs, freight and other significant costs, the loss of key manufacturer s representatives who sell the Company s product line, increases in utility costs (particularly electricity and natural gas) and various types of insurance coverage and interruptions in plant operations resulting from the interruption of raw material supplies and other factors. Additionally, our results of operations could be impacted by macro-economic and geopolitical conditions as well as other outside factors, including changes in regulatory, geopolitical, political, social, economic, tax or monetary policies and other factors. 
 Reliance on Senior Management 
 Encore s future operating results depend, in part, upon the continued service of its senior management, including, Mr. Daniel L. Jones, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Bret J. Eckert, the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (neither of whom is bound by an employment agreement). The Company s future success will depend upon its continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial and technical personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that the Company will retain its key managerial and technical employees or that it will be successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining other highly qualified personnel in the future. 
 Patent and Intellectual Property Disputes 
 Disagreements about patents and intellectual property rights occur in the wire and cable industry. The unfavorable resolution of a patent or intellectual property dispute could preclude the Company from manufacturing and selling certain products or could 
 6 

require the Company to pay a royalty on the sale of certain products. Patent and intellectual property disputes could also result in substantial legal fees and other costs. 
 Cybersecurity Breaches and other Disruptions to our Information Technology Systems 
 The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our information technology systems to process, transmit and store sensitive electronic data, including employee, distributor and customer records, and to manage and support our business operations and manufacturing processes. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology system may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees and others who have access to our system, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters. Any such event could compromise our information technology system, expose our customers, distributors and employees to risks of misuse of confidential information, impair our ability to effectively and timely operate our business and manufacturing processes, and cause other disruptions, which could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and competitive position. 
 Climate Change 
 Future deterioration of the environment due to climate change or increased severe weather related events associated with climate change could affect both our operations and the operations of our suppliers and customers. The Company could experience increased operating costs due to new regulatory requirements and increased physical risks to our facilities due to volatile weather. The Company could experience disruptions or limitations to access of water. Our suppliers may face similar challenges, which could impact our supply chain. Demand for our products may be impacted regionally as local climates adapt to global environmental changes. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 
 Common Stock Price May Fluctuate 
 Future announcements concerning Encore or its competitors or customers, quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of technological innovations, the introduction of new products or changes in product pricing policies by the Company or its competitors, developments regarding proprietary rights, changes in earnings estimates by analysts or reports regarding the Company or its industry in the financial press or investment advisory publications, among other factors, could cause the market price of the common stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, world events, military conflicts or market or market-sector declines, may materially and adversely affect the market price of the common stock. 
 Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Common Stock by a Small Number of Stockholders 
 A small number of significant stockholders beneficially own greater than 35 of the Company s outstanding common stock. Depending on stockholder turnout for a stockholder vote, these stockholders, acting together, could be able to control the election of directors and certain matters requiring majority approval by the Company s stockholders. The interests of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with the Company s interests or the interests of other stockholders. 
 In the future, these stockholders could sell large amounts of common stock over relatively short periods of time. The Company cannot predict if, when or in what amounts stockholders may sell any of their shares. Sales of substantial amounts of the Company s common stock in the public market by existing stockholders or the perception that these sales could occur, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock by creating a public perception of difficulties or problems with the Company s business. 
 Future Sales of Common Stock Could Affect the Price of Common Stock 
 No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares or the availability of shares for sale will have on the market price of the common stock prevailing from time to time. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices of the common stock. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 Environmental Liabilities 
 7 

The Company is subject to federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations governing the Company s operations and the use, handling, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances currently or formerly used by the Company. A risk of environmental liability is inherent in the Company s current manufacturing activities in the event of a release or discharge of a hazardous substance generated by the Company. Under certain environmental laws, the Company could be held jointly and severally responsible for the remediation of any hazardous substance contamination at the Company s facilities and at third party waste disposal sites and could also be held liable for any consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances or other environmental damage. There can be no assurance that the costs of complying with environmental, health and safety laws and requirements in the Company s current operations or the liabilities arising from past releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, will not result in future expenditures by the Company that could materially and adversely affect the Company s financial results, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Regulations Related to Conflict-free Minerals May Force Us to Incur Additional Expenses 
 In August 2012, the SEC adopted disclosure requirements related to certain minerals sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries, as required by Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). The SEC rules implementing Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act require us to perform due diligence, and report whether conflict minerals, which are defined as tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold, necessary to the functionality of a product we purchase originated from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country. Since 2014, we have been required to file with the SEC on an annual basis a specialized disclosure report on Form SD regarding such matters. As our supply chain is complex, we may incur significant costs to determine the source and custody of conflict minerals that are used in the manufacture of our products in order to comply with these regulatory requirements in the future. We may also face reputation challenges if we are unable to verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products, or if we are unable to conclude that our products are conflict free. Over time, conflict minerals reporting requirements may affect the sourcing, price and availability of our products, and may affect the availability and price of conflict minerals that are certified as conflict free. Accordingly, we may incur significant costs as a consequence of regulations related to conflict-free minerals, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in Tax Laws Could Increase Our Tax Rate and Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations. 
 A change in tax laws is one of many factors that impact the Company s effective tax rate, and any such change could adversely impact our effective tax rate, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act IRA was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions imposing a 1 excise tax on share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022 and introduces a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income. The Company does not expect the IRA to have a material adverse impact to its financial statements. 
 It cannot be predicted whether or when tax laws, rules, regulations or ordinances may be enacted, issued, or amended that could materially and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Outbreak of Contagious Disease 
 Our business and the businesses of our suppliers, distributors and customers could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread outbreak of contagious diseases, including COVID-19, or any ongoing variants. Any outbreak of contagious diseases, and other adverse public health developments, could cause a disruption in our supply chain, distribution and demand for our products. The duration of any such disruption and the related financial impact from COVID-19, or any ongoing variants, and other epidemics and pandemics cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Although the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2022 were not as significant as prior years, new variants continued to cause waves of COVID-19 cases around the world. The occurrence or continuation of any of these events could lead to decreased revenues and limit our ability to execute on our business plan, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 8 

Item 2. Properties. 
 Encore maintains its corporate office and manufacturing plants in McKinney, Texas, approximately 32 miles north of downtown Dallas. The Company s facilities are located on a combined site of approximately 460 acres and consist of buildings containing over 3.0 million square feet of floor space. The corporate office, plants and equipment are owned by the Company and are not mortgaged to secure any of the Company s existing indebtedness. Encore believes that its plants and equipment are suited to its present needs, comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, and are properly maintained and adequately insured. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 For information on the Company s legal proceedings see Note 10 to the Company s financial statements included in Item 8 to this report and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 9 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The Company s common stock is traded and quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market s Global Select Market under the symbol WIRE. As of February 15, 2023, there were 29 holders of record of the Company s common stock. 
 Aside from periodic cash dividends, which the Company currently expects to continue to make consistent with its historical practice, management and the Board currently intend to retain the majority of future earnings for the operation and expansion of the Company s business. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Note 9 to the Company s financial statements included in Item 8 to this report is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table provides information relating to our purchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 October 31, 2022 
 
 1,214,253 November 1, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 1,214,253 December 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 161,701 138.38 161,701 1,052,552 161,701 138.53 161,701 
 (1) On November 10, 2006, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an authorized number of shares of its common stock from time to time in the open market or private transactions at the Company's discretion. This authorization originally expired on December 31, 2007, and the Company s Board of Directors has authorized several increases and annual extensions of this stock repurchase program, most recently on August 1, 2022, authorizing the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. A s of December 31, 2022, 1,052,552 shares remained authorized for repurchase through March 31, 2023. Under this program, the Company repurchased 2,055,470 shares of its stock in 2022, 475,557 shares in 2021 and 441,250 shares in 2020. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, respectively. 
 The graph below sets forth the cumulative total stockholder return, which assumes reinvestment of dividends, of a 100 investment in the Company s common stock, the Russell 2000 Index, the Company s self-determined peer group for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Prior Peer Group ), and the Company s self-determined peer group for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Peer Group for the five years ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Prior Peer Group consisted of Belden Inc., Apogee Enterprises, Inc., Quanex Building Products Corporation, Atkore International Group, Inc., and Masonite International Corporation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company replaced Quanex Building Products Corporation and Masonite International Corporation, changing its Peer Group to include Patrick Industries, Inc., Gibraltar Industries, Inc., Nexans S.A., and Prysmian S.P.A. The Company believes that the updated Peer Group better reflects a broader group of peers with a more comparable median market capitalization who either sell building products or electrical components to the Company s end-use customers or directly compete with the Company in certain product categories. 
 10 

As of December 31, Total Return For: 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Encore Wire Corporation 100.00 103.31 118.35 125.14 295.88 284.58 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 Peer Group 100.00 61.70 88.27 112.78 148.95 143.67 Prior Peer Group 100.00 63.84 94.55 98.08 166.07 158.45 
 Notes 
 (1) Data presented in the performance graph is complete through December 31, 2022. 
 (2) The Peer Group is self-determined and consists of the following companies: Belden Inc., Patrick Industries, Inc., Apogee Enterprises, Inc., Gibraltar Industries, Inc., Atkore Inc., Nexans S.A., and Prysmian S.P.A. 
 (3) The Prior Peer Group is self-determined and consists of the following companies: Belden Inc., Apogee Enterprises, Inc., Quanex Building Products Corporation, Atkore International Group, Inc., and Masonite International Corporation. The performance graph presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022, consisted of this peer group. 
 (4) Each peer group index uses only the peer group s performance and excludes the performance of the Company. Each peer group index uses beginning of period market capitalization weighting. 
 (5) Each data line represents annual index levels derived from compounded daily returns that include all dividends. 
 (6) The index level for all data lines was set to 100.00 on December 31, 2017. 
 11 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 12 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Introduction 
 The following management s discussion and analysis is intended to provide a better understanding of key factors, drivers and risks regarding the Company and the building wire industry. The duration and severity of the COVID-19, and any ongoing variants, pandemic outbreak and their long-term impact on our business are uncertain at this time. Although the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2022 were not as significant as prior years, developments surrounding the COVID-19 global pandemic are continuing to change daily, and we have limited visibility into the extent to which market demand for our products as well as sector manufacturing and distribution capacity will be impacted. 
 Executive Overview 
 Encore Wire sells a commodity product in a highly competitive market. Management believes that the historical strength of the Company s growth and earnings is in large part attributable to the following main factors: 
 industry-leading order fill rates and responsive customer service; 
 single-site, vertically integrated business model; 
 deep supplier relationships for key raw materials; 
 product innovations and product line expansions based on listening to and understanding customer needs and market trends; 
 low cost manufacturing operations, resulting from a state-of-the-art manufacturing complex; 
 low distribution and freight costs due in large part to the one campus business model; 
 a focused management team leading a skilled work force; 
 low general and administrative overhead costs; and 
 a team of experienced independent manufacturers representatives with strong customer relationships across the United States. 
 These factors, and others, have allowed Encore Wire to grow from a startup in 1989 to what management believes is one of the largest electric building wire companies in the United States of America. Encore has built a loyal following of customers throughout the United States. These customers have developed a brand preference for Encore Wire in a commodity product line due to the reasons noted above, among others. The Company prides itself on striving to grow sales by expanding its product offerings where profit margins are acceptable. Senior management monitors gross margins daily, frequently extending down to the individual order level. Management strongly believes that this hands-on focused approach to the building wire business has been an important factor in the Company's success, and will lead to continued success. 
 Investment in residential, commercial, industrial and renewable energy infrastructure drives demand for the Company s wire and cable solutions. In 2022, pounds shipped increased 7.9 in copper wire versus 2021. In 2021, pounds shipped increased 10.8 in copper wire versus 2020. In 2020, pounds shipped decreased 5.4 in copper wire versus 2019. 
 General 
 The Company s operating results are driven by several key factors, including the volume of product produced and shipped, the cost of copper and other raw materials, the competitive pricing environment in the wire industry and the resulting influence on gross margins and the efficiency with which the Company s plants operate during the period, among others. Price competition for electrical wire and cable is significant, and the Company sells its products in accordance with prevailing market prices. Copper, a commodity product, is the principal raw material used by the Company in manufacturing its products. The price of copper fluctuates, depending on general economic conditions and in relation to supply and demand and other factors, which causes monthly variations in the cost of copper purchased by the Company. Additionally, the SEC allows shares of physically backed copper exchange traded funds ETFs to be listed and publicly traded. Such funds and other copper ETFs like it hold copper cathode as collateral against their shares. The acquisition of copper cathode by Copper ETFs may materially decrease or interrupt the availability of copper for immediate delivery in the United States, which could materially increase the Company s cost of copper. In addition to rising copper prices and potential supply shortages, we believe that ETFs and similar copper-backed derivative products could lead to increased price volatility for copper. The Company cannot predict copper prices in the future or the effect of fluctuations in the cost of copper on the Company s future operating results. Wire prices can, and 
 13 

frequently do change on a daily basis. This competitive pricing market for wire does not always mirror changes in copper prices, making margins highly volatile. Historically, the cost of aluminum has been much lower and less volatile than copper. The tables below highlight the range of closing prices of copper on the COMEX exchange for the periods shown. 
 
 COMEX COPPER CLOSING PRICE 2022 October 2022 November 2022 December 2022 Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Year-to-Date Dec. 31, 2022 High 3.63 3.95 3.88 3.95 4.93 Low 3.36 3.46 3.75 3.36 3.21 Average 3.47 3.68 3.82 3.66 4.00 
 COMEX COPPER CLOSING PRICE 2021 October 2021 November 2021 December 2021 Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Year-to-Date Dec. 31, 2021 High 4.76 4.46 4.47 4.76 4.78 Low 4.16 4.27 4.18 4.16 3.54 Average 4.45 4.37 4.33 4.38 4.25 
 COMEX COPPER CLOSING PRICE 2020 October 2020 November 2020 December 2020 Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Year-to-Date Dec. 31, 2020 High 3.19 3.42 3.63 3.63 3.63 Low 2.86 3.07 3.47 2.86 2.12 Average 3.06 3.20 3.53 3.27 2.80 
 COMEX COPPER CLOSING PRICE 2022 by Quarter Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 Quarter Ended Sept. 30, 2022 Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Year-to-Date Dec. 31, 2022 High 4.93 4.80 3.71 3.95 4.93 Low 4.30 3.71 3.21 3.36 3.21 Average 4.55 4.33 3.50 3.66 4.00 
 COMEX COPPER CLOSING PRICE 2021 by Quarter Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 Quarter Ended June 30, 2021 Quarter Ended Sept. 30, 2021 Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Year-to-Date Dec. 31, 2021 High 4.30 4.78 4.59 4.76 4.78 Low 3.54 4.00 4.04 4.16 3.54 Average 3.87 4.42 4.30 4.38 4.25 
 Results of Operations 
 14 

The following table presents certain items of income and expense as a percentage of net sales for the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold: Copper 44.0 46.7 57.3 Other raw materials 12.0 10.5 13.5 Depreciation 0.8 0.8 1.4 Labor and overhead 6.9 6.6 10.8 LIFO adjustment (0.6) 1.9 1.8 Total cost of goods sold 63.1 66.5 84.8 Gross profit 36.9 33.5 15.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 6.5 6.5 7.6 Operating income 30.4 27.0 7.6 Net interest and other income 0.3 0.1 Income before income taxes 30.7 27.0 7.7 Provision for income taxes 6.9 6.1 1.8 Net income 23.8 20.9 5.9 
 The following discussions and analyses relate to factors that have affected the operating results of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Reference should also be made to the Financial Statements and the related notes included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Additional information about results for year end 2020 and certain year-on-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 3.018 billion compared to 2.593 billion during the same period in 2021 and 1.277 billion during the same period in 2020. The 16.4 increase in net sales dollars in 2022 versus 2021 was primarily the result of a 7.4 increase in copper wire sales, driven by a 7.9 increase in copper wire pounds shipped, partially offset by a 0.5 decrease in the average selling price of copper wire due to moderate decreases in copper commodity prices in the trailing six months of 2022. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 versus the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the 103.0 increase in net sales dollars was primarily the result of a 104.7 increase in copper wire sales. Sales dollars were driven higher by an 84.7 increase in average selling price of copper wire, coupled with a 10.8 increase in copper wire pounds shipped. Average selling prices for wire sold were driven higher by rising copper commodity prices. Additionally, aluminum net sales increased from 8.3 of net sales to 15.4 of net sales due to an increase in both price and volume shipped. 
 Cost of goods sold was 1.905 billion, or 63.1 of net sales, in 2022 versus 1.725 billion, or 66.5 of net sales, in 2021 and 1.082 billion, or 84.8 of net sales in 2020. Gross profit increased to 1.112 billion, or 36.9 of net sales in 2022, compared to 867.7 million, or 33.5 of net sales, in 2021 and 194.5 million, or 15.2 of net sales in 2020. 
 Gross profit percentage for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 36.9 compared to 33.5 during the same period in 2021 and 15.2 during the same period in 2020. The average selling price of wire per copper pound sold decreased 0.5 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 versus the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, while the average cost of copper per pound purchased decreased 2.7 . The overall increase in total volumes shipped, along with an increase in aluminum spreads during 2022, resulted in the increased gross profit margin for the full year of 2022 when compared to 2021. The increase in copper spreads in 2022 over 2021, along with increased aluminum spreads over the same period, coupled with an overall increase in total volumes shipped, drove the gross profit margin higher in 2022 compared to 2021. The average selling price of wire per copper pound sold increased 84.7 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 versus the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, while the average cost of copper per pound purchased increased 49.5 . 
 15 

Net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 717.8 million versus 541.4 million in the same period in 2021 and 76.1 million in the same period in 2020. Fully diluted net earnings per common share were 36.91 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 versus 26.22 in the same period in 2021 and 3.68 in the same period in 2020. 
 Inventories consist of the following at December 31 (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Raw materials 69,567 54,012 40,842 Work-in-process 42,611 40,422 30,311 Finished goods 138,943 123,401 88,544 Total 251,121 217,835 159,697 Adjust to LIFO cost (97,934) (117,019) (67,375) Inventory 153,187 100,816 92,322 
 The quantity of total copper inventory on hand increased in 2022, compared to 2021. The other materials category, which includes a large number of raw materials, had quantity and price changes that included increases and decreases in various other materials. This resulted in a last-in, first-out (LIFO) method adjustment decreasing cost of sales by 19.1 million in 2022. We utilize the LIFO method because it results in a better matching of costs and revenues. 
 The quantity of total copper inventory on hand increased somewhat in 2021, compared to 2020. The other materials category, which includes a large number of raw materials, had quantity changes that included increases and decreases in various other materials. This resulted in a LIFO method adjustment increasing cost of sales by 49.6 million in 2021. 
 Based on the current copper and other raw material prices, there is no lower of cost or market (LCM) adjustment necessary in the periods presented above. 
 Gross profit was 1.112 billion, or 36.9 of net sales, in 2022 compared to 867.7 million, or 33.5 of net sales, in 2021 and 194.5 million, or 15.2 of net sales, in 2020. The changes in gross profit were due to the factors discussed above. 
 Selling expenses, which are made up of freight and sales commissions, were 133.7 million in 2022, 109.5 million in 2021 and 66.8 million in 2020. Freight costs increased as a result of increased sales volumes and an increase in overall freight rates. Commission costs increased commensurate with the sales dollar increase. As a percentage of net sales, selling expenses were 4.4 in 2022, 4.2 in 2021, and 5.2 in 2020. General and administrative expenses were 63.7 million in 2022, 57.6 million in 2021 and 29.5 million in 2020. As a percentage of net sales, general and administrative expenses were 2.1 in 2022 versus 2.2 in 2021 and 2.3 in 2020. Accounts receivable write-offs were zero in 2022 and 2021 and 0.3 million in 2020. The Company did not increase the reserve for credit losses in 2022, but did increase the reserve by 1.5 million and 0.7 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Net interest and other income was 9.8 million in 2022, 0.2 million in 2021 and 1.3 million in 2020. Both the increase in 2022 and the decrease in 2021 reflect the economic impact of the pandemic and its effect on interest rates during the years and the resulting interest earned. 
 Our effective tax rate was 22.4 in 2022, 22.6 in 2021 and 23.0 in 2020. The differences between the provisions for income taxes and the income taxes computed using the federal income tax statutory rate are primarily due to state taxes and non-deductible expenses. 
 As a result of the foregoing factors, the Company s net income was 717.8 million in 2022, 541.4 million in 2021 and 76.1 million in 2020. 
 16 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes the Company s cash flow activities (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 688,883 418,418 57,462 Net cash used in investing activities (148,350) (118,155) (85,991) Net cash used in financing activities (248,966) (44,396) (19,313) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 291,567 255,867 (47,842) Annual dividends paid (1,548) (1,633) (1,650) 
 The Company maintains a substantial inventory of finished products to satisfy customers prompt delivery requirements. As is customary in the industry, the Company provides payment terms to most of its customers that exceed terms that it receives from its suppliers. In general, the Company s standard payment terms result in the collection of a significant majority of net sales within approximately 75 days of the date of the invoice. Therefore, the Company s liquidity needs have generally consisted of working capital necessary to finance receivables and inventory. Capital expenditures have historically been necessary to expand and update the production capacity of the Company s manufacturing operations. The Company has historically satisfied its liquidity and capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations, borrowings under its various debt arrangements and sales of its common stock. We believe that the Company has sufficient liquidity, and will continue to have sufficient liquidity beyond the short-term outlook, and do not believe COVID-19, or any of its ongoing variants, will materially impact our liquidity, but we continue to assess the COVID-19 pandemic and any ongoing variants and their impact on our business, including on our customer base and suppliers. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no debt outstanding. 
 On February 9, 2021, the Company terminated its previous credit agreement and entered into a new Credit Agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement with two banks, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent. The 2021 Credit Agreement extends through February 9, 2026 and provides for maximum borrowings of 200.0 million. At our request and subject to certain conditions, the commitments under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be increased by a maximum of up to 100.0 million as long as existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains provisions to replace LIBOR with a replacement rate as described in the 2021 Credit Agreement. On October 20, 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the 2021 Credit Agreement (the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement which replaced LIBOR with BSBY as permitted under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (1) BSBY plus a margin that varies from 1.000 to 1.875 depending upon the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), or (2) the base rate (which is the highest of the federal funds rate plus 0.5 , the prime rate, or BSBY plus 1.0 plus 0 to 0.375 (depending upon the Leverage Ratio). A commitment fee ranging from 0.20 to 0.325 (depending upon the Leverage Ratio) is payable on the unused line of credit. At December 31, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement, and letters of credit outstanding in the amount of 0.3 million left 199.7 million of credit available under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement. Obligations under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement are the only contractual borrowing obligations or commercial borrowing commitments of the Company. 
 Obligations under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement are unsecured and contain customary covenants and events of default. The Company was in compliance with the covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company paid interest totaling 0.4 million, 0.4 million and 0.2 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, none of which was capitalized. 
 On November 10, 2006, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an authorized number of shares of its common stock from time to time in the open market or private transactions at the Company's discretion. This authorization originally expired on December 31, 2007, and the Company s Board of Directors has authorized several increases and annual extensions of this stock repurchase program, most recently on August 1, 2022, authorizing the repurchase of up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. A s of December 31, 2022, 1,052,552 shares remained authorized for repurchase through March 31, 2023. The Company repurchased 2,055,470 shares of its stock in 2022, 475,557 shares in 2021, and 441,250 shares in 2020. 
 17 

Subsequently, in February 2023, the Board of Directors extended the repurchase authorization for up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock through March 31, 2024. 
 Net cash provided by operations increased 270.5 million to 688.9 million in 2022 compared to 418.4 million in 2021 and 57.5 million in 2020. The increase in cash provided by operations of 270.5 million in 2022 versus 2021 was due to several factors. Net income increased to 717.8 million in 2022 from 541.4 million in 2021. Accounts receivable increased 7.6 million in 2022 compared to increasing 216.8 million in 2021, resulting in a positive impact to cash flow of 209.2 million. Inventory, net increased 52.4 million in 2022 compared to increasing 8.5 million in 2021, producing a negative impact to cash flow of 43.9 million. Trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities negatively impacted cash by 12.0 million in 2022 versus favorably impacting cash by 66.9 million in 2021, a negative swing of 78.9 million. These changes in cash flow were the primary drivers of the 270.5 million increase in net cash flow provided by operations in 2022 versus 2021. 
 Net cash provided by operations increased 360.9 million to 418.4 million in 2021 compared to 57.5 million in 2020. The increase in cash provided by operations of 360.9 million in 2021 versus 2020 was due to several factors. Net income increased to 541.4 million in 2021 from 76.1 million in 2020. Accounts receivable increased 216.8 million in 2021 compared to increasing 53.4 million in 2020, resulting in a negative impact to cash flow of 163.4 million. Accounts receivable was impacted by the 307.0 million increase in net sales in the fourth quarter of 2021 versus the fourth quarter of 2020, due to a 70.5 increase in the average selling price per pound of copper wire sold, and a 3.9 increase in copper volume shipped. Inventory, net increased 8.5 million in 2021 compared to increasing 2.6 million in 2020, producing a negative impact to cash flow of 5.9 million. Trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities favorably impacted cash by 66.9 million in 2021 versus favorably impacting cash by 7.6 million in 2020, a positive swing of 59.3 million. These changes in cash flow were the primary drivers of the 360.9 million increase in net cash flow provided by operations in 2021 versus 2020. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 148.4 million in 2022 versus 118.2 million in 2021 and 86.0 million in 2020. In 2022, capital expenditures were used primarily for the purchase and installation of machinery and equipment throughout the Company. The repurposing of our vacated distribution center into Plant 7 to expand manufacturing capacity and extend our market reach was substantially completed in the second half of 2022. In 2021 and 2020, capital expenditures were used primarily for the construction of our new service center, the acceleration of spending for our repurposed distribution center, and the purchase and installation of machinery and equipment throughout the Company. 
 The net cash used by financing activities of 249.0 million in 2022 consisted primarily of 247.6 million used to purchase Company stock and dividend payments of 1.5 million, partially offset by 0.2 million proceeds from issuance of Company stock related to employees exercising stock options. The net cash used by financing activities of 44.4 million in 2021 consisted primarily of 43.3 million used to purchase Company stock and dividend payments of 1.6 million, partially offset by 1.1 million proceeds from issuance of Company stock related to employees exercising stock options. The net cash used by financing activities of 19.3 million in 2020 consisted primarily of 20.7 million used to purchase Company stock and dividend payments of 1.7 million, partially offset by 3.0 million proceeds from issuance of Company stock related to employees exercising stock options. 
 The incremental investments announced in July 2021 continue in earnest, focused on broadening our position as a low-cost manufacturer in the sector and increasing manufacturing capacity to drive growth. In 2022 we began construction on a new, state of the art, cross-link polyethylene (XLPE) compounding facility to deepen vertical integration related to wire and cable insulation. XLPE insulation today is used in many applications including Data Centers, Oil and Gas, Transit, Waste-Water Treatment facilities, Utilities and Wind and Solar applications. We anticipate the new facility will be substantially completed by the end of the third quarter of 2023. Capital spending in 2023 through 2025 will further expand vertical integration in our manufacturing processes to reduce costs as well as modernize select wire manufacturing facilities to increase capacity and efficiency and improve our position as a sustainable and environmentally responsible company. Total capital expenditures were 148.4 million in 2022. We expect total capital expenditures to range from 160 - 180 million in 2023, 150 - 170 million in 2024, and 80 - 100 million in 2025. We expect to continue to fund these investments with existing cash reserves and operating cash flows. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had contractual obligations of 273.1 million, consisting of open purchase orders for major raw material purchases and 109.2 million of purchase orders for capital expenditures. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. See Note 1 to the 
 18 

Financial Statements included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this annual report. Management believes the following critical accounting policies affect its more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of its financial statements. 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, using the LIFO method, or market. The Company maintains two inventory pools for LIFO purposes. As permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Company maintains its inventory costs and cost of goods sold on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis and makes a monthly adjustment to adjust total inventory and cost of goods sold from FIFO to LIFO. The Company applies the LCM test by comparing the LIFO cost of its raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods inventories to estimated market values, which are based primarily upon the most recent quoted market price of copper and other raw materials and finished wire prices as of the end of each reporting period. The Company performs an LCM calculation quarterly. As of December 31, 2022, no LCM adjustment was required. However, decreases in copper and other material prices could necessitate establishing an LCM reserve in future periods. Additionally, future reductions in the quantity of inventory on hand could cause copper or other raw materials that are carried in inventory at costs different from the cost of copper and other raw materials in the period in which the reduction occurs to be included in costs of goods sold for that period at the different price. 
 Revenue from the sale of the Company s products is recognized when goods are shipped to the customer, title and risk of loss are transferred, pricing is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and customer rebates is estimated based upon historical experience and other relevant factors and is recorded within the same period that the revenue is recognized. 
 The Company has provided an allowance for credit losses on customer receivables based upon estimates of those customers inability to make required payments. Such allowance is established and adjusted based upon the makeup of the current receivable portfolio, past bad debt experience and current market conditions. If the financial condition of our customers was to deteriorate and impair their ability to make payments to the Company, additional allowances for losses might be required in future periods. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC is the sole source of authoritative U.S. GAAP, along with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB issued rules and regulations that apply only to SEC registrants. The FASB issues an Accounting Standard Update ASU to communicate changes to the codification. The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASUs. No new standards were adopted in 2022. 
 Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains various forward-looking statements and information that are based on management s belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected. 
 Among the key factors that may have a direct bearing on the Company s operating results and stock price are: 
 fluctuations in the global and national economy; 
 the impact of a global pandemic; 
 fluctuations in the level of activity in the construction industry, including remodeling; 
 demand for the Company s products; 
 the impact of price competition on the Company s margins; 
 fluctuations in the price of copper, aluminum and other key raw materials; 
 the loss of key manufacturers representatives who sell the Company s product line; 
 fluctuations in utility costs, especially electricity and natural gas, and freight costs; 
 fluctuations in insurance costs and the availability of coverage of various types; 
 19 

weather related disasters at the Company s and/or key vendor s operating facilities; 
 stock price fluctuations due to stock market expectations and other external variables; 
 unforeseen future legal issues and/or government regulatory changes; 
 changes in tax laws; 
 patent and intellectual property disputes; and 
 fluctuations in the Company s financial position or national banking issues that impede the Company s ability to obtain reasonable and adequate financing. 
 This list highlights some of the major factors that could affect the Company s operations or stock price, but cannot enumerate all the potential issues that management faces on a daily basis, many of which are totally out of management s control. For further discussion of the factors described herein and their potential effects on the Company, see Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 The Company does not engage in metal futures trading or hedging activities and does not enter into derivative financial instrument transactions for trading or other speculative purposes. However, the Company is generally exposed to commodity price and interest rate risks. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 The Company purchases copper cathode primarily from miners and commodity brokers at prices determined each month based on the average daily COMEX closing prices for copper for that month, plus a negotiated premium. As a result, fluctuations in copper prices caused by market forces can significantly affect the Company s financial results. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is attributable to the Company s long term debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was a party to the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement. Amounts outstanding under the 2021 Credit Agreement are payable on February 9, 2026, with interest payments due quarterly. At December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement. There is an inherent rollover risk for borrowings under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement as such borrowings mature and are renewed at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and the Company s future financing requirements. 
 For further information regarding market risk, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 20 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto appear on the following pages. The Reports of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB: also appear on the following pages. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Encore Wire Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Encore Wire Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 21 

Valuation of inventories 
 Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s inventory balance was 153.2 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the financial statements, inventories are stated at the lower of cost, using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method, or market. The Company maintains two inventory pools for LIFO purposes. As permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Company maintains its inventory costs and cost of goods sold on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis and adjusts total inventory and cost of goods sold from FIFO to LIFO at each month end. 
 
 Auditing management s calculations to adjust the FIFO inventory balances to LIFO was challenging due to the complexities of the manual calculations. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s calculations of the adjustments to convert FIFO inventory balances to LIFO, including controls over management s review of the manual calculations described above. 
 
 To test the LIFO inventory balance, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the underlying data used in the Company s calculations to adjust the FIFO inventory balances to LIFO. We also tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculations. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1990. 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 22 

Encore Wire Corporation 
 Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Inventories, net Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes and other Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares ; issued 
 Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares ; 
 Issued shares and 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares 
 ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 23 

Encore Wire Corporation 
 Statements of Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Net interest and other income Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per common and common equivalent share basic Earnings per common and common equivalent share diluted Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding basic Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding diluted Cash dividends declared per share 
 See accompanying notes. 
 24 

Encore Wire Corporation 
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Treasury Stock Retained 
 Earnings 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Dividend declared per share 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Dividend declared per share 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Dividend declared per share 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 25 

Encore Wire Corporation 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 
 provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Stock-based compensation attributable to equity awards Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Current income taxes receivable / payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Deferred financing fees ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 26 

Encore Wire Corporation 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 1. 
 segment, the manufacture of electric building wire, manufacturing a broad range of electrical wire and cables used to distribute power from the transmission grid to the wall outlet or switch. Encore s diversified product portfolio and low-cost of production position it exceptionally well to play a key role in the transition to a more sustainable and reliable energy infrastructure. Our products are proudly made in America at our vertically-integrated, single-site, Texas campus. The Company sells its products through manufacturers representatives to wholesale electrical distributors servicing the residential, commercial, industrial and renewable energy sectors. 
 Copper, a commodity product, is the principal raw material used in the Company s manufacturing operations. The price of copper fluctuates, depending on general economic conditions and in relation to supply and demand and other factors, and has caused monthly variations in the cost of copper purchased by the Company. The Company cannot predict future copper prices or the effect of fluctuations in the cost of copper on the Company s future operating results. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. The Company is unable to predict the impact that COVID-19, or any ongoing variants, may have on our financial position and operating results in future periods. The duration or re-emergence of the outbreak and its long-term impact on our business remain uncertain. 
 
 Shipping and handling costs were approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 27 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is based on Level 1 measurements. 
 customers, each of whom slightly exceeds 10 of the Company's total sales. Write-offs of bad debts ) Collection of previous write-offs Adjustment to allowance for credit losses Ending balance at December 31 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash equivalents consisted of investments in money market accounts with the Company s banks. 
 to years; machinery and equipment, to years; and furniture and fixtures, to years. Accelerated cost recovery methods are used for tax purposes. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 
 28 

There were no differences between comprehensive income and reported income in the periods presented. 
 
 2. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total Adjust to LIFO cost ) ) Inventory, net 
 There were no liquidations of inventories that had a material impact on the Company s results of operations for any period presented. 
 29 

3. 
 Construction-in-progress Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 4. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights (SAR) Liability Property taxes payable Accrued salaries Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 
 5. 
 debt outstanding. 
 On February 9, 2021, the Company terminated its previous credit agreement and entered into a new Credit Agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement with banks, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and letter of credit issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent. The 2021 Credit Agreement extends through February 9, 2026 and provides for maximum borrowings of million. At our request and subject to certain conditions, the commitments under the 2021 Credit Agreement may be increased by a maximum of up to million as long as existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains provisions to replace LIBOR with a replacement rate as described in the 2021 Credit Agreement. On October 20, 2022, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the 2021 Credit Agreement (the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement which replaced LIBOR with BSBY as permitted under the 2021 Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (1) BSBY plus a margin that varies from to depending upon the Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), or (2) the base rate (which is the highest of the federal funds rate plus , the prime rate, or BSBY plus plus to (depending upon the Leverage Ratio). A commitment fee ranging from to (depending upon the Leverage Ratio) is payable on the unused line of credit. At December 31, 2022, there were borrowings outstanding under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement, and letters of credit outstanding in the amount of million left million of credit available under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement. Obligations under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement are the only contractual borrowing obligations or commercial borrowing commitments of the Company. 
 Obligations under the Amended 2021 Credit Agreement are unsecured and contain customary covenants and events of default. The Company was in compliance with the covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company paid interest totaling million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which was capitalized. 
 30 

6. 
 State Deferred: Federal State ) Total income tax expense 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Other Total income tax expense) ) Inventory ) Allowance for credit losses Uniform capitalization rules Stock-based compensation Other ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) 
 The Company's inventory costing method for federal income tax purposes differs from the method allowed by GAAP. Both methods of inventory costing result in the same recovery of inventory. However, the timing of the recovery varies. As of December 31, 2022 the Company's tax inventory exceeds its book inventory, which created a deferred tax liability of million. 
 The Company made income tax payments of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 The Company s federal income tax returns for the years subsequent to December 31, 2018 remain subject to examination. The Company s income tax returns in major state income tax jurisdictions remain subject to examination for various periods subsequent to December 31, 2017. The Company has reserves for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest and penalties resulting from audits by tax authorities have been immaterial and are included in the provision for income taxes in the statements of income. 
 31 

7. 
 Stock grants Stock options Stock appreciation rights SARs Restricted Stock Awards Total stock-based compensation expense 
 In 2020, the Board of Directors adopted a new incentive plan called the Encore Wire 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the 2020 LTIP which was approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The 2020 LTIP permits the granting of securities in the form of options to purchase shares of common stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted common stock, restricted stock units, unrestricted common stock, dividend equivalents, cash awards, or performance awards to non-employee directors, officers and employees of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, securities remained available for grant under the 2020 LTIP. 
 Restricted Stock Units: 
 Restricted units granted to employees vest ratably over a period of from the time the restricted units were granted. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted units and units, respectively, of restricted stock to employees pursuant to the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, with weighted grant date fair values of and per unit, respectively. There were restricted units issued in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Stock Grants: 
 In May 2022, the Company granted shares of stock to non-employee directors with a grant date fair value of per share. In September 2022, the Company granted shares of stock to non-employee director with a grant date fair value of per share. In May 2021, the Company granted shares of stock to each of the non-employee directors, with a grant date fair value of per share. In May 2020, the Company granted shares of stock to each of the non-employee directors, with a grant date fair value of per share. 
 Stock Options: 
 stock option awards were granted in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Options vest ratably over a period of from the time the options were granted. The maximum term of any option previously granted under the 2010 Stock Option Plan or granted in the future under the 2020 LTIP is . New shares are issued upon the exercise of options. 
 32 

Exercised ) Forfeited/Canceled Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was negligible. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights: 
 In 2014, the Board of Directors adopted a new stock appreciation rights plan called the Encore Wire 2014 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (the 2014 SARs Plan ). The 2014 SARs Plan permits the grant of SARs that may only be settled in cash to non-executive officers and employees of the Company. SARs granted to employees vest ratably over a period of from the time the SARs were granted. The maximum term of any SARs granted under the 2014 SARs Plan is . These awards are classified as liability awards. The liability balances were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in accrued liabilities. Compensation cost for these awards is determined using a fair value method and remeasured at each reporting date until the date of settlement. As of December 31, 2022, a total of SARs were outstanding under the 2014 SARs Plan. No SARs were granted subsequent to 2020 as this plan was replaced with a long-term deferred compensation plan. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected lives years years years 
 The Company bases expected volatilities on historical volatilities of Encore's common stock. The expected life represents the weighted average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting periods and management s consideration of historical exercise patterns. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding to the expected life of the option. The expected dividend yield is based on the annualized dividend payment paid on common shares. 
 33 

, and , respectively, and the total intrinsic value of SARs exercised was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested SARs of million was expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Awards: 
 Restricted shares granted to employees vest ratably over a period of from the time the restricted shares were granted. There were restricted shares issued in 2022 and 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company granted shares and shares, respectively, of restricted stock to employees pursuant to the 2010 Stock Option Plan, with weighted grant date fair values of and per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested shares. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ending December 31, 2022 was million. 
 Granted Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 8. 
 Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock awards Denominator for diluted earnings per share weighted average shares 
 Weighted average exercise price per share 

9. 
 shares of our common stock. A s of December 31, 2022, shares 
 34 

shares of its stock in 2022, shares in 2021 and shares in 2020. 
 Subsequently, in February 2023, the Board of Directors extended the repurchase authorization for up to shares of our common stock through March 31, 2024. 
 
 10. 

11. 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 12. 
 Gross profit Net income Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted 
 Three Months Ended 2021 March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Net sales Gross profit Net income Earnings per common share basic Earnings per common share diluted 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by it in the reports it files with or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report conducted by the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files with or submits to the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) for the Company. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s financial statements, has also audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Ernst Young LLP s attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting appears directly below. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s last fiscal quarter. 
 36 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Encore Wire Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Encore Wire Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Encore Wire Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 37 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The sections entitled Election of Directors , Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters and, if applicable, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports appearing in the Company s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2023 setting forth certain information with respect to the directors of the Company, Section 16(a) reporting obligations of directors and officers, the Company s audit committee, the Company s audit committee financial expert and the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors are incorporated herein by reference. Certain information with respect to persons who are or may be deemed to be executive officers of the Company is set forth under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 In connection with Company s long-standing commitment to conduct its business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with its ethical principles, the Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all employees, officers, directors, and advisors of the Company. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Company is available under the Investors section of the Company s website at http://www.encorewire.com, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company intends to post amendments to or waivers of its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable to any officer or director of the Company) at such location on its website. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The section entitled Executive Compensation appearing in the Company s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2023, sets forth certain information with respect to the compensation of management of the Company and compensation committee interlocks and insider participation and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Executive Officers appearing in the Company s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2023 sets forth certain information with respect to the ownership of the Company s common stock, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information about the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Number of securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 PLAN CATEGORY (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 275,500 43.06 (2) 706,600 (3) 
 (1) Pursuant to SEC rules and the reporting requirements for this table, we have not included in (a) above 41,000 shares of restricted stock that are issued and outstanding. 
 (2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options excludes time-based restricted stock units. 
 (3) Represents securities remaining available for issuance under our 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022 that may be granted in the form of unrestricted common stock, restricted common stock, options to purchase shares of common stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, performance awards or other stock-based awards. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The sections entitled Executive Compensation Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Board Independence appearing in the Company s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2023 set forth certain information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence, and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 38 

The Section entitled Proposal Three Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm appearing in the Company s proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 2, 2023, sets forth certain information with respect to certain fees paid to accountants, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 39 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K; and 
 (2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information required therein is included in the financial statements or notes thereto in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth below: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Encore Wire Corporation and all amendments thereto (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Encore Wire Corporation, as amended through February 27, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Form of certificate for Common Stock (filed as Exhibit 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on June 4, 1992 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Description of Registrant's Securities . 
 10.1 2010 Stock Option Plan as amended and restated effective February 20, 2017 (filed as Annex A to the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement filed with on March 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2010 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated here by reference). 
 10.6 Form of Encore Wire 2010 Stock Option Plan Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Form of Encore Wire Corporation Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Form of Encore Wire Corporation Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Form of Encore Wire Corporation Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan. 
 
 40 

10.10 Credit Agreement dated February 9, 2021 by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent and the other lender parties thereto. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent and the other lenders parties thereto, dated as of October 20, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Encore Wire Corporation 2014 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP . 
 31.1 Certification by Daniel L. Jones, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated February 1 6 , 202 3 and submitted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by Bret J. Eckert, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated February 1 6 , 202 3 and submitted pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification by Daniel L. Jones, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated February 1 6 , 202 3 as required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by Bret J. Eckert, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company , dated February 1 6 , 202 3 as required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 16, 2023 ENCORE WIRE CORPORATION By: /s/ Daniel L. Jones Daniel L. Jones 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ DANIEL L. JONES Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 Daniel L. Jones /s/ BRET J. ECKERT Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 16, 2023 Bret J. Eckert /s/ GINA A. NORRIS Director February 16, 2023 Gina A. Norris /s/ WILLIAM R. THOMAS Director February 16, 2023 William R. Thomas /s/ W. KELVIN WALKER Director February 16, 2023 W. Kelvin Walker /s/ SCOTT D. WEAVER Director February 16, 2023 Scott D. Weaver /s/ JOHN H. WILSON Lead Independent Director February 16, 2023 John H. Wilson 
 
 42 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 wire-2022x12x31xexx4x2.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 
 As of February 16, 2023, Encore Wire Corporation (the Company has one class of capital stock registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Common Stock ). 
 
 The following description of our capital stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended Certificate ), and our Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), for additional information. 
 
 Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 42,000,000 shares comprised of two classes (i) 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 18,270,386 shares are issued and outstanding and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value .01 per share Preferred Stock ), of which no shares are issued and outstanding. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for securities of the Company, and the Common Stock is not convertible or subject to redemption by the Company. In the event of the dissolution of the Company, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets of the Company remaining, if any, after satisfaction of the debts and liabilities of the Company and any preferential rights of the holders of any outstanding Preferred Stock. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive cash dividends when and as declared by the Board of Directors of the Company out of funds legally available therefor after payment of, or provision for, full dividends (on a cumulative basis, if applicable) on any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, then outstanding. Future policy with respect to dividends on the Common Stock will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon conditions then existing, including the Company s earnings and financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant facts. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol WIRE. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Board of Directors, without further action by the stockholders, is authorized to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series and to fix and determine as to any series and all of the relative rights and preferences of shares in such series, including, without limitation preferences, limitations or relative rights with respect to redemption rights, conversion rights, voting rights, dividend rights and preferences on liquidation. 
 
 The issuances of Preferred Stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company, making removal of present management of the Company more difficult or 

resulting in restrictions upon the payment of dividends and other distributions to the holders of Common Stock. The Company has no present intention to issue any Preferred Stock. 
 
 Voting 
 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to cast one vote for each share held on record on matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company. Shares of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. Directors are elected by a plurality of the shares of Common Stock represented at the meeting. Approval of any other matter that is submitted to the stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock represented at the meeting. The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at meetings of stockholders. The foregoing voting rights are subject to any voting rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may be issued in the future. Shares of Preferred Stock may be voting or non-voting and may be entitled to vote as a class or series with respect to certain matters as provided in the resolutions of the Board of Directors establishing such series or in the DGCL. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 The Company is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination (as defined therein) with an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Company or any affiliate or associate of such person) for a period of three years following the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such date the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned (x) by persons who are directors and also officers and (y) by employee stock plans in which the employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer, or (iii) on or subsequent to such date the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 wire-2022x12x31xexx23x1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238025) pertaining to the Encore Wire Corporation 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, and 2) Registration Statement (Forms S-8 Nos. 333-175634 and 333-217798) pertaining to the Encore Wire Corporation 2010 Stock Option Plan 
 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Encore Wire Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Encore Wire Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Encore Wire Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 wire-2022x12x31xexx31x1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Daniel L. Jones, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Encore Wire Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Daniel L. Jones Daniel L. Jones 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 wire-2022x12x31xexx31x2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Bret J. Eckert, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Encore Wire Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Bret J. Eckert 
 Bret J. Eckert Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 wire-2022x12x31xexx32x1.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Encore Wire Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel L. Jones, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Daniel L. Jones Daniel L. Jones 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 wire-2022x12x31xexx32x2.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Encore Wire Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bret J. Eckert, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Bret J. Eckert 
 Bret J. Eckert 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wire-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wire-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wire-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wire-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wire-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

