<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1041061_0001041061-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20755815</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>807743</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2850636</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7661462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4654543</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4334784</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001041061-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224180733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001041061-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YUM BRANDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001041061
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				133951308
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13163
		FILM NUMBER:		23669212

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1441 GARDINER LANE
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40213
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5028748300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 COLONEL SANDERS LANE
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRICON GLOBAL RESTAURANTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970627

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREAT AMERICAN RESTAURANT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001041061-23-000009.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 yum-20221231.htm
 10-K

yum-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____________ to _________________ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock (which consists solely of shares of Common Stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on such date was approximately billion. All executive officers and directors of the registrant have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the registrant. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of February 17, 2023, was shares. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement furnished to shareholders of the registrant in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 18, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In this Form 10-K, as well as in other written reports and oral statements, we present forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend all forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and by the use of forward-looking words such as expect, expectation, believe, anticipate, may, could, intend, belief, plan, estimate, target, predict, likely, seek, project, model, ongoing, will, should, forecast, outlook or similar terminology. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions and/or projections, our perception of historical trends and current conditions, as well as other factors that we believe are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances. Forward-looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that our expectations, estimates, assumptions and/or projections will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from our expectations, estimates, assumptions, projections and/or forward-looking statements include (i) the risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and (ii) the factors described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are only made as of the date of this Form 10-K and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 Yum! Brands, Inc. (referred to herein as YUM , the Registrant or the Company ), was incorporated under the laws of the state of North Carolina in 1997. The principal executive offices of YUM are located at 1441 Gardiner Lane, Louisville, Kentucky 40213, and the telephone number at that location is (502) 874-8300. Our website address is https://www.yum.com . 
 
 YUM, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to in this Form 10-K annual report Form 10-K as the Company. The terms we, us and our are also used in the Form 10-K to refer to the Company. Throughout this Form 10-K, the terms restaurants, stores and units are used interchangeably. While YUM does not directly own or operate any restaurants, throughout this document we may refer to restaurants that are owned or operated by our subsidiaries as being Company-owned. 
 
 Overview of Business 
 
 YUM has over 55,000 restaurants in more than 155 countries and territories primarily operating under the four concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (the Concepts ). The Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut brands are global leaders of the chicken, Mexican-style food and pizza categories, respectively. The Habit Burger Grill is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. At December 31, 2022, 98 of our Concepts units are operated by independent franchisees or licensees under the terms of franchise or license agreements. The terms franchise or franchisee within this Form 10-K are meant to describe third parties that operate units under either franchise or license agreements. 
 
 The following is a brief description of each Concept and a summary of our Concepts operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Number of Units of Units International Number of Countries and Territories Franchised System Sales (a) 
 (in Millions) 
 KFC Division 27,760 86 149 99 31,116 Taco Bell Division 8,218 12 32 94 14,653 Pizza Hut Division 19,034 66 106 99 12,853 Habit Burger Grill Division 349 3 3 18 661 YUM 55,361 67 156 98 59,283 
 (a) Constitutes sales of all restaurants, both Company-owned and franchised. See further discussion of this performance metric within Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 KFC 
 
 KFC was founded in Corbin, Kentucky, by Colonel Harland D. Sanders, an early developer of the quick service food business and a pioneer of the restaurant franchise concept. The Colonel perfected his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices for Kentucky Fried Chicken in 1939 and signed up his first franchisee in 1952. KFC restaurants across the world offer fried and non-fried chicken products such as sandwiches, chicken strips, chicken-on-the-bone and other chicken products marketed under a variety of names. 
 
 Taco Bell 
 
 The first Taco Bell restaurant was opened in 1962 by Glen Bell in Downey, California, and in 1964, the first Taco Bell franchise was sold. Taco Bell specializes in Mexican-style food products, including various types of tacos, burritos, quesadillas, salads, nachos and other related items. 
 
 Pizza Hut 
 
 The first Pizza Hut restaurant was opened in 1958 in Wichita, Kansas, and within a year, the first franchise unit was opened. Today, Pizza Hut specializes in the sale of ready-to-eat pizza products and operates in the delivery, carryout and casual dining segments around the world. 
 3 

Habit Burger Grill 
 
 The first Habit Burger Grill restaurant opened in 1969 in Santa Barbara, California. The Habit Burger Grill restaurant concept is built around a distinctive and diverse menu that includes chargrilled burgers and sandwiches made-to-order over an open flame and topped with fresh ingredients. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Through our Recipe for Good Growth we intend to unlock the growth potential of our Concepts and YUM, drive increased collaboration across our Concepts and geographies and consistently deliver better customer experiences, improved unit economics and higher rates of growth. Key enablers include accelerated use of digital and technology and better leverage of our systemwide scale. 
 
 Our global citizenship and sustainability strategy is reflected in our Good agenda, which includes our priorities for social responsibility, risk management and sustainable stewardship of our people, food and planet. 
 
 Our Growth agenda is based on four key drivers: 
 Unrivaled Culture and Talent: Leverage our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success 
 Unmatched Operating Capability: Recruit and equip the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences 
 Relevant, Easy and Distinctive Brands: Innovate and elevate iconic restaurant brands people trust and champion 
 Bold Restaurant Development: Drive market and franchise expansion with strong economics and value 
 
 Information about Operating Segments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, YUM consists of four operating segments: 
 
 The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept 
 The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept 
 The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept 
 The Habit Burger Grill Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Habit Burger Grill concept 
 
 Franchise Agreements 
 
 The franchise programs of the Company are designed to promote consistency and quality, and the Company is selective in granting franchises. The Company is focused on partnering with franchisees who have the commitment, capability and capitalization to grow our Concepts. Franchisees can range in size from individuals owning just one restaurant to large publicly-traded companies. The Company has franchise relationships that are particularly important to our business, such as our relationship with Yum China (defined below) and our relationships with certain other large franchisees. 
 
 The Company has successfully increased franchise restaurant ownership in recent years, and currently has approximately 1,500 franchisees with whom we have franchise contracts. The Company utilizes both store-level franchise and master franchise programs to grow our businesses. Of our over 54,000 franchised units at December 31, 2022, approximately 35 operate under our master franchise programs, including nearly 12,100 units in mainland China. The remainder of our franchise units operate under store-level franchise agreements. Under both types of franchise programs, franchisees supply capital by purchasing or leasing the land, building, equipment, signs, seating, inventories and supplies and, over the longer term, by reinvesting in the business. In certain historical refranchising transactions the Company may have retained ownership of land and building and continues to lease them to the franchisee. Store-level franchise agreements typically require payment to the Company of certain upfront fees such as initial fees paid upon opening of a store, fees paid to renew the term of the franchise agreement and fees paid in the event the franchise agreement is transferred to another franchisee. Franchisees also pay monthly continuing fees based on a percentage of their restaurants sales (typically between 4 to 6 and are required to spend a certain amount to advertise and promote the brand. Under master franchise arrangements, the Company enters into agreements that allow master franchisees to operate restaurants as well as sub-franchise restaurants within certain geographic territories. Master franchisees are typically responsible for overseeing development within their territories and performing certain other administrative duties with regard to the oversight of sub-franchisees. In exchange, master franchisees retain a certain percentage of fees payable by the sub-franchisees under their franchise agreements and typically pay lower fees for the restaurants they operate. 
 
 4 

On October 31, 2016, we completed the spin-off of our China business into an independent, publicly-traded company under the name of Yum China Holdings, Inc. Yum China ). As our largest master franchisee, Yum China, pays the Company a continuing fee of 3 on system sales of our Concepts in mainland China. The use by Yum China of certain of our material trademarks and service marks is governed by a master license agreement between Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Yum China, and YUM, through YRI China Franchising LLC, a subsidiary of YUM. 
 
 The Company seeks to maintain strong and open relationships with our franchisees and their representatives. To this end, the Company invests a significant amount of time working with the franchisee community and their representative organizations on key aspects of the business, including products, technology, equipment, operational improvements and standards. 
 
 Restaurant Operations 
 
 Through its Concepts, YUM develops, operates and franchises a worldwide system of both traditional and non-traditional Quick Service Restaurants QSR ). Traditional units can feature dine-in, carryout, drive-thru and delivery services. Non-traditional units include express units that have a more limited menu, usually generate lower sales volumes and operate in non-traditional locations like malls, airports, gasoline service stations, train stations, subways, convenience stores, stadiums, amusement parks and colleges, where a full-scale traditional outlet would not be practical or efficient. 
 
 Most restaurants in each Concept offer consumers the ability to dine in, carryout and/or have the Concepts food delivered either through store-level or third-party delivery services. In addition, Taco Bell and KFC offer a drive-thru option in many stores. Pizza Hut and Habit Burger Grill offer a drive-thru option on a much more limited basis. 
 
 Restaurant management structure varies by Concept, unit size and franchise organization. Generally, each restaurant is led by a restaurant general manager RGM ), together with one or more assistant managers, depending on the operating complexity and sales volume of the restaurant. Each Concept issues manuals, which may then be customized to meet local regulations and customs. These manuals set forth standards and requirements for restaurant operations, including food safety and quality, food handling and product preparation procedures, equipment maintenance, facility standards and accounting control procedures. Each franchise organization and their respective restaurant management teams are responsible for the day-to-day operation of each unit, including all matters related to employment of restaurant staff, and for ensuring compliance with operating standards. 
 
 We have accelerated our deployment of digital and technology initiatives to enhance the customer experience and our off-premise capabilities. This includes increasing our focus on driving digital sales where customers utilize ordering interaction that is primarily facilitated by automated technology. In 2022, our system restaurants generated digital sales of 24 billion and over 47,000 restaurants now offer delivery, which represents approximately 85 of our global system. Delivery can be provided through either a delivery system owned and operated by our restaurants or through third-party delivery companies such as aggregators. 
 
 The Company and its Concepts own numerous registered trademarks. The Company believes that many of these marks, including our Kentucky Fried Chicken , KFC , Taco Bell , Pizza Hut and The Habit marks, have significant value and material importance to our business. The Company s policy is to pursue registration of important marks whenever feasible and to challenge any infringement of our marks vigorously. The use of certain of these marks by franchisees has been authorized in our franchise agreements. Under current law and with proper use, the Company s rights in our marks can generally last indefinitely. The Company also has certain patents on restaurant equipment and technology which, while valuable, are not currently considered material to our business. 
 
 Supply and Distribution 
 
 The Company and franchisees of the Concepts are substantial purchasers of a number of food and paper products, equipment and other restaurant supplies. The principal items purchased include chicken, cheese, beef and pork products, paper and packaging materials. Prices paid for these supplies fluctuate. When prices increase, the Concepts may attempt to pass on such increases to their customers, although there is no assurance that this can be done in practice. The Company does not typically experience significant continuous shortages of supplies, and alternative sources for most of these supplies are generally available. 
 
 In the U.S., the Company, along with the representatives of the Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut franchisee groups, are members of Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC RSCS ), a third party which is responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. Additionally, The Habit Burger Grill entered into a purchasing agreement with RSCS effective July 31, 2020. The core mission of RSCS is to provide the lowest possible sustainable store-delivered prices for 
 5 

restaurant products and equipment. This arrangement combines the purchasing power of the Company-owned and franchisee restaurants, which the Company believes leverages the system s scale to drive cost savings and effectiveness in the purchasing function. The Company also believes that RSCS fosters closer alignment of interests and a stronger relationship with our franchisee community. 
 
 Most food products, paper and packaging supplies, and equipment used in restaurant operations are distributed to individual restaurant units by third-party distribution companies. In the U.S., McLane Foodservice, Inc. is the exclusive distributor for the majority of items used in Company-owned restaurants and for a substantial number of franchisee restaurants. Outside the U.S., we and our Concepts franchisees primarily use decentralized sourcing and distribution systems involving many different global, regional and local suppliers and distributors. Our international franchisees generally select and manage their own third-party suppliers and distributors, subject to our internal standards. All suppliers and distributors are expected to provide products and/or services that comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in the state and/or country in which they operate as well as comply with our internal standards. 
 
 Advertising and Promotional Programs 
 
 Company-owned and franchise restaurants are required to spend a percentage of their respective restaurants sales on advertising programs with the goal of increasing sales and enhancing the reputation of the Concepts. Advertising may be conducted nationally, regionally and locally. When multiple franchisees operate in the same country or region, the national and regional advertising spending is typically conducted by a cooperative to which the franchisees and Company-owned restaurants, if any, contribute funds as a percentage of restaurants sales. The contributions are primarily used to pay for expenses relating to purchasing media for advertising, market research, commercial production, talent payments and other support functions for the respective Concepts. We have the right to control the advertising activities of certain advertising cooperatives, typically in markets where we have Company-owned restaurants, through our majority voting rights. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 Information about the Company s working capital is included in MD A in Part II, Item 7 and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Seasonal Operations 
 
 The Company does not consider its operations to be seasonal to any material degree. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The retail food industry, in which our Concepts compete, is made up of supermarkets, supercenters, warehouse stores, convenience stores, coffee shops, snack bars, delicatessens and restaurants (including those in the QSR segment), and is intensely competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service reputation, restaurant location and attractiveness and maintenance of properties. Competition has also increased from and been enabled by delivery aggregators and other food delivery services in recent years, particularly in urbanized areas. Our Concepts also face competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes. The retail food industry is often affected by: changes in consumer tastes; national, regional or local economic conditions; currency fluctuations; demographic trends; traffic patterns; the type, number and location of competing food retailers and products; and disposable purchasing power. Within the retail food industry, each of our Concepts competes with international, national and regional chains as well as locally-owned establishments, not only for customers, but also for management and hourly personnel, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees. Given the various types and vast number of competitors, our Concepts do not constitute a significant portion of the retail food industry in terms of number of system units or system sales, either on a worldwide or individual country basis. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is not aware of any federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that will materially affect our earnings or competitive position, or result in material capital expenditures. However, the Company cannot predict the effect on our operations due to possible future environmental legislation or regulations. During 2022, there were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and no such material expenditures are anticipated. 
 
 6 

Government Regulation 
 
 U.S. Operations. The Company and its U.S. operations, as well as our franchisees, are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business, including laws and regulations concerning information security, privacy, labor and employment, health, marketing, food labeling, competition, public accommodation, sanitation and safety. Each of our and our Concepts franchisees restaurants in the U.S. must comply with licensing requirements and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental authorities, which include health, sanitation, safety, fire and zoning agencies in the state and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located. In addition, each Concept must comply with various state and federal laws that regulate the franchisor/franchisee relationship. To date, the Company has not been materially adversely affected by such licensing requirements and regulations or by any difficulty, delay or failure to obtain required licenses or approvals. 
 
 International Operations . Our and our Concepts franchisees restaurants outside the U.S. are subject to national and local laws and regulations which have similarities to those affecting U.S. restaurants but may differ among jurisdictions. The restaurants outside the U.S. are also subject to tariffs and regulations on imported commodities and equipment, laws regulating foreign investment and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
 
 See Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of risks relating to federal, state, local and international regulation of our business. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Overview 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries employed approximately 36,000 persons, including approximately 23,000 employees in the U.S. and approximately 13,000 employees outside the U.S. Approximately 85 of our employees work in restaurants while the remainder work in our restaurant-support centers. In the U.S., approximately 90 of our Company-owned restaurant employees are part-time and approximately 50 have been employed by the Company for less than a year. Some of our International employees are subject to labor council relationships whose terms vary due to the diverse countries in which the Company operates. 
 
 In addition to the persons employed by the Company and its subsidiaries, our approximately 54,000 franchise restaurants around the world are responsible for the employment of over an estimated 1 million people who work in and support those restaurants. Each year YUM and our franchisees around the world create thousands of restaurant jobs, which are part-time, entry-level opportunities to grow careers at our KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill brands. As evidence of the opportunities these positions create, approximately 80 of the Company-owned Restaurant General Managers RGMs located in the U.S. have been promoted from other positions in our brands restaurants and such RGMs often earn pay greater than the average American household income. 
 
 Human capital management considerations are integral to our Recipe for Good Growth strategy, the drivers of which include leveraging our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success, as well as recruiting and equipping the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences. Our investment in people includes creating a culture of engagement that attracts, retains and grows the best people and creates high performance in our restaurants. We are also highly focused on building an inclusive culture among our employees, franchisees, suppliers and partners to reflect the diversity of our customers and communities. Our commitments and progress towards executing this strategy are reflected below. 
 
 Culture Talent 
 
 We believe that our culture and talent provide us with a competitive advantage with respect to the performance of our business. Our areas of focus in this regard include the following: 
 
 Measuring YUM employee engagement regularly. For example, every other year we conduct a global employee engagement survey of all employees working in our restaurant support centers. The most recent survey conducted was in 2021 and reflected an engagement level among our employees significantly exceeding the average engagement levels of benchmarked companies. 
 
 Providing YUM employees with training and development that builds world-class leaders and drives business results. We promote these efforts through initiatives such as our leadership development program (Heartstyles), our unconscious bias program (Inclusive Leadership) and training programs with respect to our compliance polices, 
 7 

including our Code of Conduct. Our Heartstyles program is also available to our franchisees so that their employees may benefit as well. 
 
 Enabling a culture that fuels results and cross-brand collaboration on operational execution, people capability and customer experience initiatives throughout our system. 
 
 Assessing progress towards lowering turnover and increasing retention rates, particularly at the restaurant-employee level. 
 
 Equity, Inclusion Belonging 
 
 In connection with our focus on equity, inclusion and belonging, our areas of focus include the following: 
 
 Continually building upon ongoing inclusion efforts to help ensure our workplaces are environments where all people can be successful. 
 
 Consistent with our Code of Conduct, making employment-related decisions based on an individual s abilities and merit, not personal characteristics that are unrelated to the job. 
 
 Significantly increasing the number of women in our senior leadership globally, with a goal of achieving gender parity by 2030. In 2021, approximately 42 of our global corporate leadership roles were held by women and approximately 51 of our global workforce were women. 
 
 Increasing representation of underrepresented U.S. associates among our executive and management ranks, franchisees and suppliers over the next 10 years to achieve our aspirational goals to be representative of our customers and communities. Through our membership with the OneTen coalition, we are partnering with a group of U.S. businesses to create career mobility and advancement opportunities for underrepresented people and communities. 
 
 Continuing to make Inclusive Leadership training and anti-racism training available across our system. We intend to expand our Inclusive Leadership training to employees and franchisees around the world and have started development of an online module of this training program to help provide even greater access. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company makes available, through the Investor Relations section of its internet website at https://www.yum.com, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC at https://www.sec.gov . 
 
 Our Corporate Governance Principles and our Code of Conduct are also located within the Investor Relations section of the Company s website. The references to the Company s website address in this Form 10-K do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. These documents, as well as our SEC filings, are available in print free of charge to any shareholder who requests a copy from our Investor Relations Department. 
 
 8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

You should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, expectations and historical trends. Any of the following risk factors, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially adversely affect our business, growth prospects, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to COVID-19, Food Safety and Catastrophic Events 
 
 The coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, growth prospects and results of operations. 
 
 Developments related to the COVID-19 global pandemic have had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business, growth prospects and results of operations. As a result of the pandemic, governmental authorities implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, some of which remain in place today. These measures have included, and in some instances continue to include restrictions on travel outside the home and limitations on business and other activities as well as encouraging social distancing. As a result of the pandemic, we and our Concepts franchisees have experienced store closures and reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining room closures. The impact on our sales in each of our markets has been dependent on the timing, severity and duration of the outbreak, measures implemented by government authorities as well as our reliance on dine-in sales in the market. During 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks and resulting government restrictions limiting mobility continued to impact sales in certain key markets such as China. 
 
 We are unable to fully predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on our and our Concepts franchisees operations going forward due to various uncertainties, including the severity and duration of the pandemic and future outbreaks of COVID-19, the timing, availability, acceptance and effectiveness of medical treatments and vaccines, the spread of potentially more contagious and/or virulent forms of COVID-19, and actions that may be taken by governmental authorities. 
 
 Food safety and food- or beverage-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 Food or beverage-borne illnesses (that can be caused by food-borne pathogens such as E. coli, Listeria, Salmonella, Cyclospora and Trichinosis) and food safety issues (such as food tampering, contamination including with respect to allergens) or adulteration have occurred and may occur within our system from time to time. Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there are now stricter health regulations and guidelines and increased public concern over food safety standards and controls. In addition, the health and environmental risks of certain ubiquitous substances (including per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS)) commonly found in packaging have been the subject of increased regulatory scrutiny and lawsuits against other restaurant companies. Any report linking our or our Concepts franchisees restaurants, our suppliers or distributors or otherwise involving the types of products used at our restaurants, or linking our competitors, suppliers, distributors or the retail food industry generally, to instances of food- or beverage-borne illness or food safety issues or substances having perceived health or environmental risks could result in adverse publicity and otherwise adversely affect us and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation, governmental investigations or actions and damages. Moreover, the reliance of our Concepts restaurants on third-party food suppliers and distributors and increasing reliance on food delivery aggregators increases the risk that food- or beverage-borne illness incidents and food safety issues could be caused by factors outside of our control. If a customer is believed to have become ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses or as a result of food safety issues, steps will be taken that could include restaurants in our system being temporarily closed, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and/or our growth prospects. The occurrence of food-borne pathogens in restaurant products or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our Concepts franchisees. 
 
 Our business and/or growth prospects may be adversely affected by catastrophic or unforeseen events, such as future health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, and events that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings. 
 
 Our business and/or growth prospects could be adversely impacted by various future occurrences (which may be beyond our control), including future health epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters, geopolitical events, acts of war, terrorism, political, financial or social instability, boycotts, social or civil unrest, workplace violence, or other events that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our and our Concepts restaurants. For example, the outbreak of a 
 9 

widespread future health epidemic or pandemic, particularly if located in regions where we derive significant revenue or profit could adversely affect our business and/or growth prospects. 
 
 In addition, our operations could be disrupted if any of our or our business partner employees were suspected of having the avian flu or swine flu, or other illnesses such as hepatitis A or norovirus, since this could require us or our business partners to quarantine some or all of such employees or close our restaurant facilities. Prior outbreaks of avian flu have resulted in confirmed human cases and it is possible that outbreaks could reach pandemic levels. Public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, which could cause customers to consume less poultry and related products, which would adversely affect us given poultry is offered at our Concepts restaurants. Avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact profit margins and revenues for us and our Concepts franchisees. 
 
 Furthermore, other viruses may be transmitted through human contact, and the risk or perceived risk of contracting viruses could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public, which could adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants. We could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory or voluntary closures, impose restrictions on operations of restaurants, or restrict the import or export of products, or if suppliers issue mass recalls of products. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business Strategy and reliance upon Franchisees 
 
 Our operating results and growth strategies are closely tied to the success of our Concepts franchisees. 
 
 The vast majority (98 of our restaurants are operated by our Concepts franchisees. Our long-term growth depends on maintaining the pace of our new unit growth rate through our Concepts franchisees. We also rely on master franchisees, who have rights to license to sub-franchisees the right to develop and operate restaurants, to achieve our expectations for new unit development. If our Concepts franchisees and master franchisees do not meet our expectations for new unit development, we may not achieve our desired growth. 
 
 We have limited control over how our Concepts franchisees businesses are run, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased royalties, advertising funds contributions, and fees paid to us for other discrete services we may provide to our Concepts franchisees e.g. management of e-commerce platforms). Our control is further limited where we utilize master franchise arrangements, which require us to rely on our master franchisees to enforce sub-franchisee compliance with our operating standards. If our Concepts franchisees fail to adequately capitalize their businesses or incur too much debt, if their operating expenses or commodity prices increase or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to operate profitably or repay existing debt, it could result in their financial distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy, or the inability to meet development targets or obligations. If a significant franchisee of our Concepts becomes, or a significant number of our Concepts franchisees in the aggregate become, financially distressed our operating results could be impacted through reduced or delayed fee payments that cause us to record bad debt expense, reduced advertising fund contributions, and reduced new unit development. 
 
 In addition, we are secondarily liable on certain Concepts franchisees restaurant lease agreements, including lease agreements that we have guaranteed or assigned to franchisees and our operating results and/or growth prospects could be impacted by any increased rent obligations to the extent such franchisees default on these lease agreements. 
 
 Our success also depends on whether our Concepts franchisees implement marketing programs and major initiatives such as restaurant remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment by such franchisees. Our Concepts may be unable to successfully implement strategies that we believe are necessary for further growth if our Concepts franchisees do not participate, which may harm our growth prospects and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, the failure of our Concepts franchisees to focus on key elements of restaurant operations, such as compliance with our operating standards addressing quality, service and cleanliness (even if such failures do not breach the franchise documents), may be attributed by guests to our Concepts brand and could negatively impact our business and/or our growth prospects. Moreover, franchisee noncompliance with our franchise agreements may reduce the overall customer perception and goodwill of our Concepts brands, including by failing to meet health and safety standards (e.g., additional sanitation protocols and guidelines connected to the COVID-19 pandemic), to engage in quality control or maintain product consistency, or to comply with cybersecurity requirements, or through the participation in improper business practices. 
 
 We have franchise relationships that are particularly important to our business, such as our relationship with Yum China. Any failure to realize the expected benefits of such franchise relationships, including with Yum China, may adversely impact our 
 10 

business, growth prospects and operating results. In connection with the spin-off of our China business in 2016 into an independent publicly-traded company (the Separation or Yum China spin-off ), we entered into a Master License Agreement MLA pursuant to which Yum China is the exclusive licensee of the KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in mainland China. Following the Separation, Yum China became, and continues to be, our largest franchisee. Our financial results are significantly affected by Yum China s results as we are entitled to receive a 3 sales-based royalty on all Yum China system sales related to these Concepts. 
 
 We may not achieve our target restaurant development goal and new restaurants may not be profitable. 
 
 Our growth strategy depends on our and our Concepts franchisees ability to increase the number of restaurants around the world. The successful development of new units depends in large part on the ability of our Concepts franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we expand into new markets, and we cannot guarantee that we, or our Concepts franchisees, including Yum China, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably, consistent with results of existing restaurants or with our or our Concepts franchisees expectations. Other risks that could impact our ability to open new restaurants include economic conditions and trade or economic policies or sanctions, our ability to attract new franchisees, construction and development costs of new restaurants, and our, or our Concepts franchisees , ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner, hire, train and retain qualified management teams and restaurant crews, and meet construction schedules. 
 
 Expansion could also be affected by our Concepts franchisees willingness to invest capital or ability to obtain financing to construct and open new restaurants. If it becomes more difficult or more expensive for our Concepts franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, or if the perceived return on invested capital is not sufficiently attractive, the expected growth of our system could slow and our future revenues and operating cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition, expansion could impact the sales of our Concepts existing restaurants nearby. There can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets. 
 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits from past or potential future acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, or our portfolio business model. 
 
 From time to time we have completed, and we may evaluate and continue to complete mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, strategic partnerships, minority investments (including minority investments in third parties, such as, franchisees or master franchisees) and other strategic transactions, including our acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. completed in March 2020. 
 
 Past and potential future strategic transactions may involve various inherent risks, including, without limitation: 
 
 expenses, delays or difficulties in integrating acquired companies, joint ventures, strategic partnerships or investments into our organization, including the failure to realize expected synergies and/or the inability to retain key personnel; 
 diversion of management s attention from other initiatives and/or day-to-day operations to effectively execute our growth strategy; 
 inability to generate sufficient revenue, profit, and cash flow from acquired companies, joint ventures, strategic partnerships or investments; 
 the possibility that we have acquired substantial contingent or unanticipated liabilities in connection with acquisitions or other strategic transactions; 
 the possibility that our Concepts and potential future acquisitions have divergent interests; and 
 the possibility that our interests and strategic direction do not align with those of acquired companies or other parties that maintain an interest in our investments. 
 
 Past and potential future strategic transactions may not ultimately create value for us and may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we account for certain investments, including minority investments in certain franchisees such as Devyani International Limited, on a mark-to-market basis and, as a result, changes in the fair value of these investments impact our reported results. Changes in market prices for equity securities are unpredictable, and our investments have caused, and could continue to cause, fluctuations in our results of operations and/or growth prospects. 
 
 11 

Risks Related to Operating a Global Business 
 
 We have significant exposure to the Chinese market through our largest franchisee, Yum China, which subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 A significant portion of our total business, particularly with respect to our KFC Concept, is conducted in mainland China through our largest franchisee, Yum China. Yum China s business is exposed to risks in mainland China, which include, among others, potential political, financial and social instability, changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and ongoing wage and commodity inflation), consumer preferences, the regulatory environment (including uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules and regulations), food safety related matters (including compliance with food safety regulations and ability to ensure product quality and safety), and the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions in China. Any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S. China relations, including as the result of current U.S. China tensions, could adversely affect our Concepts in mainland China. Chinese law regulates Yum China s business conducted within mainland China. Our royalty income from the Yum China business is therefore subject to numerous uncertainties based on Chinese laws, regulations and policies, which may change from time to time. If Yum China s business is harmed or development of our Concepts restaurants is slowed in mainland China due to any of these factors, it could negatively impact the royalty paid by Yum China to us, which would negatively impact our financial results or our growth prospects. 
 
 Our relationship with Yum China is governed primarily by a MLA, as amended from time to time, which may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the insolvency or bankruptcy of Yum China. In addition, if we are unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in mainland China, if Yum China is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under the MLA, or if the MLA is otherwise terminated, it could result in an interruption in the operation of our brands that have been exclusively licensed to Yum China for use in mainland China. Disputes over the proper interpretation of the MLA have arisen in the past and may arise from time to time in the future. Such interruption or disputes could cause a delay in, or loss of, royalty income to us, which would negatively impact our financial results. 
 
 Our global operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business. 
 
 A significant portion of our Concepts restaurants are operated outside of the U.S., and we intend to continue expansion of our global operations. As a result, our and our Concepts franchisees business and/or growth prospects are increasingly exposed to risks inherent in global operations. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political, financial or social instability or conditions, geopolitical events, corruption, anti-American sentiment, social and ethnic unrest, natural disasters, military conflicts and terrorism, as well as exposure to the macroeconomic environment in such markets (including consumer preferences and spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), the regulatory environment (including the risks of operating in markets in which there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of legal requirements and the enforceability of contract rights and intellectual property rights), and income and non-income based tax rates and laws. Additional risks include the impact of import restrictions or controls, sanctions, foreign exchange control regimes (including restrictions on currency conversion), health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic, labor costs and conditions, compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices, and the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our Concepts restaurants are operated. For example, we have been subject to a regulatory enforcement action in India alleging violation of foreign exchange laws for failure to satisfy conditions of certain operating approvals, such as minimum investment and store build requirements as well as limitations on the remittance of fees outside of the country (see Note 20). 
 
 Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, we suspended all investment and restaurant development in Russia as well as the operations of all company-owned KFC restaurants in Russia. During the second quarter of 2022, we transferred ownership of the Pizza Hut Russia business to a local operator who has initiated the process of re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept. Moreover, in October 2022, we entered into a sale and purchase agreement to transfer ownership of our KFC restaurants, operating systems and master franchise rights, including the network of franchised restaurants in Russia, to a local operator who will be responsible for re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept. Completion of this transaction is subject to regulatory and governmental approvals in Russia, as well as other conditions. There can be no guarantee that our efforts to transfer ownership or re-brand will be successful, and any transfer or re-brand, or failure to transfer or re-brand, could result in damage to our and our Concepts brand reputations. In addition, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, including associated macroeconomic conditions, increased energy and other prices, regional instability, and heightened economic sanctions from the international community has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely impact, us and our Concepts restaurants located in Russia and Eastern Europe, including to the extent that any such sanctions restrict our ability in this region to conduct business with certain suppliers or vendors, and/or to utilize the banking system and repatriate cash. We are unable to predict the 
 12 

full impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, associated sanctions, macroeconomic impacts and geopolitical instability, and the possibility of broadened military conflict, may have on us. 
 
 In addition to the sanctions associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine as noted above, we and our Concepts franchisees do business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes and such sanctions could be expanded. Any failure to comply with such sanction regimes or other similar laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of business licenses, or a cessation of operations at our or our Concepts franchisees businesses, as well as damage to our and our Concepts brand images and reputations. 
 
 Foreign currency risks and foreign exchange controls could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Our results of operations, growth prospects and the value of our assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which has had, and may continue to have adverse effects on our reported earnings. More specifically, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar, relative to other currencies, such as the Chinese Renminbi RMB ), Australian Dollar, the British Pound and the Euro, as well as currencies in certain other markets could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings. Any significant fluctuation in the value of currencies of countries in which we or our Concepts franchisees operate, and in particular RMB in China, could materially impact the U.S. dollar value of royalty payments made to us, which could result in lower revenues. In addition, fluctuations in the value of currencies in which we or our Concepts franchisees operate could lead to increased costs and lower profitability to us or our Concepts franchisees and/or cause us or our Concepts franchisees to increase prices to customers, which could negatively impact sales in these markets and harm our financial condition and operating results. There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, growth prospects, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, the governments in certain countries where our Concepts operate, including China and certain others, restrict the conversion of local currency into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the country. Restrictions on the conversion of other currencies to U.S. dollars or further restrictions on the remittance of occurrences could cause royalty payments to us to be delayed, remitted only partially or not remitted at all, which could impact our liquidity. 
 
 Risks Related to Technology, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property 
 
 Any cybersecurity incident, including the failure to protect the integrity or availability of IT systems or the security of Confidential Information, or the introduction of malware or ransomware, could materially affect our business and/or our growth prospects and result in substantial costs, litigation, reputational harm and a loss of consumer confidence. 
 
 Our business relies heavily on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online websites, platforms and networks (collectively, IT Systems to support both internal and external, including franchisee-related, operations. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services. In addition, we and other parties (such as vendors and franchisees), collect, transmit and/or maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees, vendors and franchisees, as well as proprietary information pertaining to our business (collectively, Confidential Information ). The security and availability of our IT Systems and Confidential Information is critical to our business and regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, certain third-party contracts and industry standards. 
 
 We experience cyber-attacks and security incidents from time to time and we may experience such attacks and incidents in the future. Despite the security measures that we and many third parties have implemented, our IT Systems may be disrupted or damaged and our Confidential Information may be compromised, corrupted, lost or stolen. The number and frequency of cyber-attacks and other security incidents may escalate. These risks are exacerbated by an increase in the use of and reliance on our digital commerce platforms. In addition, advanced new attacks against IT Systems and devices by potential malicious attackers, including nation-state actors, state-sanctioned groups, advanced persistent threats, and known and unknown ransomware groups, increase the risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware and phishing attacks. On January 18, 2023, we announced a ransomware attack that impacted certain IT Systems which resulted in the closure of fewer than 300 restaurants in one market for one day, temporarily disrupted certain of our affected systems and resulted in data being taken from our network. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, certain expenses related to this attack, including expenses to respond to, remediate and investigate this matter. We remain subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the incident, including as a result of the data that was taken from the Company s network. 
 
 Other adversarial cyber actions that may occur, such as credential stuffing or distributed denial-of-service attacks, may affect consumer confidence, our ability to provide digital commerce platforms, or lead to regulatory actions or litigation. Furthermore, the significant increase in remote working and personal device use, increases the risks of cyber incidents and the improper dissemination of personal or Confidential Information. If our IT Systems, or those of businesses with which we interact are 
 13 

disrupted or compromised as a result of a cyber-attack or other security incident, or if our employees, franchisees or vendors fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or fail to meet contractual and industry standards, and Confidential Information is obtained or accessed by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could result in liabilities and penalties, damage our brands and reputation, cause interruption of normal business performance, cause us to incur substantial costs, result in a loss of consumer confidence and sales and disrupt our supply chain, business and plans. Additionally, such events could result in the release of Confidential Information about our operations and could subject us to litigation and government enforcement actions, the losses associated with which may not be covered by insurance. Moreover, any significant cybersecurity events could require us to devote significant management time and resources to address such events, interfere with the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and cause us to incur additional expenditures, which could be material, including to investigate such events, remedy cybersecurity problems, recover lost data, prevent future compromises and adapt systems and practices in response to such events. There is no assurance that any remedial actions will meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our IT Systems, particularly because malicious actors are increasingly sophisticated and utilizing tools and techniques specifically designed to circumvent security measures, avoid detection and obfuscate forensic evidence, which means we may be unable to identify, investigate or remediate effectively or in a timely manner. 
 
 Further, the standards and the technology currently used for transmission and approval of electronic payment transactions can put such data at risk, and are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. If we or our Concepts franchisees fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions or to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, we or our Concepts franchisees may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, fines and assessments from the card brands, and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with data privacy and data protection legal requirements may adversely affect our business and/or growth prospects and subject us to penalties. 
 
 Data privacy is subject to frequently changing legal requirements, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions where we and our Concepts franchisees do business. For example, we are subject to numerous global laws including but not limited to, the European Union s E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the UK General Data Protection Regulations (which implements the GDPR into UK law), which impose strict data protection requirements and provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. In addition, within the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA requires companies that process information on California residents to, among other things, provide new disclosures and options to consumers about data collection, use and sharing practices. Further, the CCPA has been subject to revision and amendments, including significant modifications made by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), under which the majority of requirements took effect January 1, 2023. Other states have enacted similar laws that take effect in 2023 and 2024, and the federal government along with other states are considering expanding or passing privacy laws in the near term. These and other newly enacted and evolving legal requirements, such as the E.U. s Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (referred to as DAC7 ), have required, and may continue to require, us and our Concepts franchisees to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. Moreover, each of the GDPR and the CCPA confer a private right-of-action to certain individuals and associations, and the CPRA will fund the creation of a regulatory body enforcing its provisions. Enforcement priorities from this body and others tasked with enforcing new privacy laws may be unclear or changing. Failure to comply with these and any other comprehensive privacy laws passed at the international, federal or state level may result in regulatory enforcement action, the imposition of monetary penalties, and damage our reputation. 
 
 The Federal Trade Commission FTC and many state attorneys general are also interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The FTC has also been pursuing privacy as a dedicated enforcement priority, with specialized attorneys seeking enforcement action for violation of US privacy laws including unfair or deceptive practices relating to privacy policies, consumer data collection and processing consent, and digital advertising practices. Various other jurisdictions, where our Concepts have operations, have significantly strengthened, and may continue to strengthen, their data privacy requirements. Moreover, new and changing cross-border data transfer requirements, including the implementation of Standard Contractual Clauses published by the European Commission in June 2021 and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement finalized by the UK in March 2022, will require us to incur costs to comply and may impact the transfer of personal data throughout our organization and to third parties. Other areas of particular focus for increasing requirements or risk of penalties include data collected from minors, biometric information, and data used in machine learning, all of which are subject to rapidly changing laws which are not consistent across jurisdictions. 
 
 The increasingly complex, restrictive and evolving regulatory environment at the international, federal and state level related to data privacy and data protection may require significant continued effort and cost, changes to our business practices and impact 
 14 

our ability to obtain and use data to provide personalized experiences for our customers. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements may subject us and our Concepts franchisees to fines, sanctions, governmental investigation, lawsuits and other potential liability, as well as reputational harm. 
 
 Unreliable or inefficient restaurant or consumer-facing technology or the failure to successfully implement technology initiatives in the future could adversely impact operating results, growth prospects and the overall consumer experience. 
 
 We and our Concepts franchisees rely heavily on IT Systems in the conduct of our business, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including, point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and procedures. These systems are subject to damage, interruption or failure due to theft, fire, power outages, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, employee misuse, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks including the introduction of malware or ransomware or other disruptive behavior by hackers, or other catastrophic events. Certain IT Systems may also be unreliable or inefficient, and technology vendors may limit or terminate product support and maintenance, which could impact the reliability of critical systems operations. If our or our Concepts franchisees IT Systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, customer or employee dissatisfaction, or negative publicity that could adversely impact our reputation, growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We and our Concepts franchisees rely on technology to efficiently operate our restaurants and drive the customer experience, sales growth and margin improvement. Our growth will be dependent on our initiatives to implement proprietary and third-party technology solutions and gather and leverage data to enhance restaurant operations and improve the customer experience. It may be difficult to recruit and retain qualified individuals for these efforts due to intense competition for qualified technology systems developers necessary to innovate, develop and implement new technologies for our growth initiatives, including increasing our digital relationship with customers. Our strategic digital and technology initiatives may not be timely implemented or may not achieve the desired results. Failure to adequately manage implementations, updates or enhancements of new technology or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, and disrupt and otherwise adversely impact our operations and/or growth prospects. Even if we effectively implement and manage our technology initiatives, there is no guarantee that this will result in sales growth or margin improvement. Additionally, developing and implementing consumers evolving technology demands may place a significant financial burden on us and our Concepts franchisees, and our Concepts franchisees may have differing views on investment priorities. Moreover, our failure to adequately invest in new technology or adapt to technological advancements and industry trends, particularly with respect to digital commerce capabilities, could result in a loss of customers and related market share. If our Concepts digital commerce platforms do not meet customers expectations in terms of security, speed, privacy, attractiveness or ease of use, customers may be less inclined to return to such digital commerce platforms, which could negatively impact our business and/or growth prospects. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact that alternative methods of delivery, including autonomous vehicle delivery and third-party delivery technology solutions, or changes in consumer behavior facilitated by these alternative methods of delivery will have on our business. Advances in alternative methods of delivery, including advances in digital ordering technology, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery could have a negative effect on our business, growth prospects and market position. 
 
 Moreover, technology and consumer offerings continue to develop and evolve and we cannot predict consumer or team member acceptance of these existing and new technologies, such as new delivery channels or their impact on our business, and/or our growth prospects, nor can we be certain of our ability to implement or execute such technologies, which could result in loss of sales; dissatisfaction from our customers, employees, or employees of our Concepts franchisees; or negative publicity that could adversely impact our reputation, results of operations, growth prospects and financial condition. 
 
 There are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms to maintain and grow sales. 
 
 Customers are increasingly using e-commerce websites and apps, such as kfc.com, tacobell.com, pizzahut.com, habitburger.com, KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill apps, and apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators and third-party mobile payment processors, to order and pay for our Concepts products. Moreover, there has been a rapid increase in the use of store-level or third-party delivery services by our Concepts. As a result, our Concepts and our Concepts franchisees are increasingly reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel and our business and/or growth prospects could be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully implement, execute or maintain our consumer-facing digital initiatives, such as delivery, curbside pick-up and mobile carryout. If the third-party aggregators that we utilize for delivery, including marketplace and delivery as a service, cease or curtail their operations, fail to maintain sufficient labor force 
 15 

to satisfy demand, materially change fees, access or visibility to our products or give greater priority or promotions to our competitors, our business and/or growth prospects may be negatively impacted. In addition, third-party delivery services typically charge restaurants a per order fee, and as such utilizing third-party delivery services may not be as profitable as sales directly to our customers, and may also introduce food quality and customer satisfaction risks outside of our control. These digital ordering and payment platforms also could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage, inclement weather or natural disasters and have experienced interruptions and could experience further interruptions, which could limit or delay customers ability to order through such platforms or make customers less inclined to return to such platforms. The rapid acceleration in growth of digital sales has placed additional stress on those platforms that are more reliant upon legacy technology, such as certain platforms used by Pizza Hut, which may result in more frequent and potentially more severe interruptions. Moreover, our reliance on multiple digital commerce platforms to support our global footprint, multiple Concepts and highly franchised business model could increase our vulnerability to cyber-attacks and/or security breaches and could necessitate additional expenditures as we endeavor to consolidate and standardize such platforms. 
 
 Yum China, our largest franchisee, utilizes third-party mobile payment apps such as Alipay, WeChat Pay and Union Pay as a means through which to generate sales and process payments. Should customers become unable to access mobile payment apps in China, should the relationship between Yum China and one or more third-party mobile payment processors become interrupted, or should Yum China s ability to use Alipay, WeChat Pay, Union Pay or other third-party mobile payment apps in its operations be restricted, its business could be adversely affected, which could have a negative impact on the royalty paid to us. 
 
 Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the increased impact of social media could adversely impact our business and/or growth prospects. 
 
 There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. The rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other brand-damaging behaviors. Many social media platforms immediately publish content, often without filters or checks on accuracy. Information posted on such platforms may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of information online could harm our business and/or growth prospects, regardless of the information s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 
 In addition, social media is frequently used by our Concepts to communicate with customers and the public. Failure by our Concepts to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared to our Concepts competitors, could lead to a decline in brand value, customer visits and revenue. Social media is also increasingly used to compel companies to express public positions on issues and topics not directly related to their core business, which could prove controversial or divisive to consumers and result in lost sales or a misallocation of resources. In addition, laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, are rapidly evolving to govern social media platforms and communications. A failure of us, our employees, our Concepts franchisees or third parties acting at our direction, or others perceived to be associated with us or our Concepts franchisees, to abide by applicable laws and regulations regarding the use of social media, or to appropriately use social media, could adversely impact our Concepts brands, our reputation, our business and our growth prospects, result in negative publicity, or subject us or our Concepts franchisees to fines, other penalties or litigation. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our Concepts brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. 
 
 Failure to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property could harm our Concepts brands and overall business and/or growth prospects. 
 
 We regard our registered trademarks (e.g., Yum , KFC , Taco Bell , Pizza Hut and The Habit and unregistered trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. Our trademarks, many of which are registered in various jurisdictions, create brand awareness and help build goodwill among our customers. 
 
 We rely on a combination of legal protections provided by trademark registrations, contracts, copyrights, patents and common law rights, such as unfair competition, passing off and trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property from potential infringement. However, from time to time we become aware of other persons or companies using names and marks that are identical or confusingly similar to our brands names and marks. Although our policy is to challenge infringements and other unauthorized uses of marks similar or identical to our brands marks, certain or unknown unauthorized uses or other 
 16 

misappropriation of our trademarks could diminish the value of our Concepts brands and adversely affect our business, growth prospects and goodwill. 
 
 In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our Concepts have, or may in the future open or franchise, a restaurant and the laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property or the legal protections that may be available will be adequate or that our Concepts franchisees will maintain the quality of the goods and services offered under our brands trademarks or always act in accordance with guidelines we set for maintaining our brands intellectual property rights and defending or enforcing our trademarks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources any of which could result in significant harm to our business, growth prospects, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our brands may also be targets of infringement claims that could interfere with the use of certain names, trademarks and/or the proprietary know-how, recipes, or trade secrets used in our business. Defending against such claims can be costly, and as a result of defending such claims, we may be prohibited from using such intellectual property or proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our business, growth prospects, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Supply Chain and Employment 
 
 Shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food, equipment and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues. 
 
 The products sold or used by our Concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers although certain products and equipment have limited suppliers, which increases our reliance on those suppliers. We, along with our Concepts franchisees, are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products, equipment and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items, equipment and other supplies to our Concepts restaurants have happened from time to time and could reduce sales, harm our Concepts reputations and delay the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our Concepts franchisees. We have experienced and may continue to experience, certain supply chain disruptions resulting from, among other things, capacity, transportation, staffing and operational challenges associated with the pandemic and the current macroeconomic environment, which have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, growth prospects and results of operations. Future shortages or disruptions could also be caused by factors such as natural disasters, health epidemics and pandemics, social unrest, the impacts of climate change, inaccurate forecasting of customer demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports including due to trade disputes or restrictions, the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which the suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers or distributors failure to meet our standards or requirements, transitioning to new suppliers or distributors, product quality issues or recalls, inflation, food safety warnings or advisories, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 In addition, in the U.S., the Company and the Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut franchisee groups are members of Restaurant Supply Chain Solutions, LLC RSCS ), which is a third party responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. The Habit Burger Grill entered into a purchasing agreement with RSCS in 2020. McLane Foodservice, Inc. McLane serves as the largest distributor for the Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Concepts in the U.S. Any failure or inability of our significant suppliers or distributors, including RSCS or McLane to meet their respective service requirements, could result in shortages or interruptions in the availability of food and other supplies. 
 
 The loss of key personnel, labor shortages and increased labor costs could adversely effect our business and/or growth prospects. 
 
 Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of senior management personnel. The loss or failure to engage in adequate succession planning of any of our executive officers or other key senior management personnel could harm our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 In addition, our restaurant operations are highly service-oriented and our success depends in part on our and our Concepts franchisees ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including franchisee management, restaurant managers and other crew members. Our Concepts and their franchisees have experienced and may continue to experience increased labor shortages and employee turnover at many of our restaurants and increased competition for qualified employees, due to ongoing challenging labor market conditions. These labor market conditions and the ongoing inflationary 
 17 

environment in countries where our Concepts and their franchisees operate have increased, and may continue to increase , the labor costs for our Concepts and their franchisees, including due to the payment of higher wages to attract or retain qualified employees (including franchisee management, restaurant managers and other crew members) and increased overtime costs to meet demand. Such increases in labor costs have also resulted from, and may continue to result from higher minimum wages at the federal, state or local level, including in connection with the increases in state minimum wages that have recently been enacted by various states and (if ultimately enacted) the potential increase in the federal minimum wage in the U.S. proposed by the current presidential administration. Moreover, there may be a long-term trend toward higher wages in emerging markets and higher labor costs more generally. For example, California passed the Fast Food Accountability and Standards Recovery Act (the FAST Act in September 2022, a state law which authorizes the establishment of a council to set standards with respect to the wages, working hours, and health and safety conditions of employees at certain quick service restaurants which, if enacted, would apply to our Concepts restaurants in California. The implementation of the FAST Act, which was set to take effect on January 1, 2023, has been paused pending the outcome of a California voter referendum to repeal this law scheduled for November 2024. If this voter referendum fails and the FAST Act goes into effect, and/or if similar legislation is enacted in other jurisdictions, this may increase our and our Concepts franchisees costs, and otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations and/or growth prospects. 
 
 The inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals at the store level may result in reduced operating hours, have a negative impact on service or customer experience, delay our planned use, development or deployment of technology, or impact the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our Concepts franchisees, any of which could adversely affect our business and/or our growth prospects. In addition, union organizers have engaged in efforts to organize employees at certain of our Concepts restaurants and those of other restaurant companies, and strikes, work slowdown or other labor unrest impacting us may become more common. In the event of a strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff at the store level could be impaired, which could adversely impact our operations, growth prospects and distract management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. 
 
 An increase in food prices and other operating costs may have an adverse impact on our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 Our and our Concepts franchisees businesses depend on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as proteins (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). Raw materials purchased for use in our Concepts restaurants are subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as weather and climate conditions, (which may be exacerbated by climate change), energy costs or natural events or disasters that affect expected harvests of such raw materials, taxes and tariffs (including as a result of trade disputes), industry demand, inflationary conditions, labor shortages, transportation issues, fuel costs, food safety concerns, product recalls, governmental regulation and other factors, all of which are beyond our control and in many instances are unpredictable. Taking into account ongoing inflationary conditions, we have recently experienced and expect to continue to experience, an increase in the price of various raw materials and other operating costs (such as rent and energy costs) as well as increased volatility in such prices and costs, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations and/or our growth prospects. In addition, a significant increase in gasoline prices could result in the imposition of fuel surcharges by our distributors. 
 
 As the result of the significant increases in food and other operating costs noted above, we and our Concepts franchisees have recently increased food prices beyond typical pricing patterns at certain of our Concepts restaurants. However, because we and our Concepts franchisees provide competitively priced food, we may not have the ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of any commodity price or other cost increases. If we and our Concepts franchisees are unable to manage the cost of raw materials or to increase the prices of products proportionately, our and our Concepts franchisees profit margins and return on invested capital may be adversely impacted. Moreover, to the extent that we raise menu prices to offset these costs, this could result in decreased consumer demand and adversely affect our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to our Concepts Brands and Reputation 
 
 Our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands. 
 
 Our success depends in large part upon our ability and our Concepts franchisees ability to maintain and enhance our corporate reputation and the value and perception of our brands. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, our ingredients, food safety, and our business practices, including with respect to how we source commodities, and our pricing (including price increases and discounting). Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change and some changes can occur rapidly. For example, nutritional, health and other scientific studies and conclusions, which constantly evolve and may have contradictory implications, drive popular opinion, litigation and regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that may affect 
 18 

perceptions of our Concepts brands generally or relative to alternatives. In addition, the retail food industry has been subject to scrutiny and claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to customer health issues, such as weight gain and other adverse effects. Publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick service and fast-casual segments of the retail food industry) may harm our Concepts reputations and adversely affect our business and/or our growth prospects. Moreover, this scrutiny could lead to increased regulation of the content or marketing of our products, including legislation or regulation taxing and/or regulating food with high-fat, sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be unhealthy, which may increase costs of compliance and remediation to us and our Concepts franchisees. 
 
 In addition, business or other incidents, whether isolated or recurring, and whether originating from us, our Concepts restaurants, franchisees, competitors, governments, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce brand value and consumer perception, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation or investigations. For example, the reputation of our Concepts brands could be damaged by claims or perceptions about the quality, safety or reputation of our products, suppliers, distributors or franchisees or by claims or perceptions that we, founders of our Concepts, our Concepts franchisees or other business partners have acted or are acting in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased or socially irresponsible manner or are not fostering an inclusive and diverse environment, including with respect to the service and treatment of customers at our Concepts restaurants, and our or our Concepts franchisees treatment of employees, regardless of whether real or perceived. Our corporate reputation could also suffer from negative publicity or consumer sentiment regarding Company action or brand imagery, misconduct by any of our or our Concepts franchisees employees, or a real or perceived failure of corporate governance. Any such developments could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or the perception of, our Concepts brands and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, likely resulting in lower revenues and profits. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that franchisees or other third parties with licenses to use our intellectual property will not take actions that may harm the value of our intellectual property. Franchisee use of our Concepts trademarks are governed through franchise agreements and we monitor use of our trademarks by both franchisees and third parties, but franchisees or other third parties may refer to or make statements about our Concepts brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our Concepts brands or place our Concepts brands in a context that may tarnish their reputation. Moreover, unauthorized third parties, including our Concepts current and former franchisees, may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our Concepts brands, resulting in consumer confusion or brand dilution. 
 
 Our ability to reach consumers and drive results is heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising and our ability to adapt to evolving consumer preferences, including developing and launching new and innovative products and offerings. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be as successful, or may not be as successful as our competitors, and thus, may adversely affect our business, our growth prospects and the strength of our brand. 
 
 We are subject to increasing and evolving expectations and requirements with respect to social and environmental sustainability matters, which could expose us to numerous risks. 
 
 There has been an increased focus, including from investors, the public and governmental and nongovernmental authorities, on social and environmental sustainability matters, such as climate change, greenhouse gases, packaging and waste, human rights, diversity, sustainable supply chain practices, animal health and welfare, deforestation, land, energy and water use and other corporate responsibility matters. We are and may become subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations with respect to social and environmental sustainability matters. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, an increase in expenses and management focus associated with satisfying such regulations and expectations. As the result of these increased expectations and evolving requirements, as well as our commitment to social and environmental sustainability matters, we may continue to establish or expand goals, commitments or targets, and take actions to meet such goals, commitments and targets. These goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we may be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of disclosures. Further, goals may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, assumptions that are subject to change, and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. If our data, processes and reporting with respect to social and environmental matters are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to these goals on a timely basis, consumer and investor trust in our brands may suffer. 
 
 19 

We may be adversely affected by climate change. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by the physical and/or transitional effects of climate change. Our properties and operations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change, which is predicted to result in ongoing changes in global weather patterns and more frequent and severe weather-related events such as droughts, wildfires, hurricanes and other natural disasters. Such adverse weather related impacts may also adversely affect the general economy in countries where we operate, disrupt our operations, cause restaurant closures or delay the opening of new restaurants, adversely impact our supply chain and increase the costs of (and decrease the availability of) food and other supplies needed for our operations. In addition, various legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change may increase in the future, which could result in additional taxes, increased expenses and otherwise disrupt and adversely impact our business and/or our growth prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation and Litigation 
 
 We may be subject to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies. 
 
 We are regularly involved in legal proceedings, which include regulatory claims or disputes by claimants such as franchisees, suppliers, employees, customers, governments and others related to operational, foreign exchange, tax, franchise, contractual or employment issues. These claims or disputes may relate to personal injury, employment, real estate related, environmental, tort, intellectual property, breach of contract, data privacy, securities, derivative and other litigation matters. See the discussion of legal proceedings in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Plaintiffs often seek recovery of large or indeterminate amounts, and lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company s control). Unfavorable rulings or developments may also occur in cases we are not involved in. Moreover, regardless of whether any such lawsuits have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or settle, such litigation may be expensive to defend, may divert resources and management attention away from our operations, and may negatively impact our results of operations and/or our growth prospects. With respect to insured claims, a judgment for damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations and/or growth prospects. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our Concepts reputations, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Changes in, or noncompliance with, legal requirements may adversely affect our business operations, growth prospects or financial condition. 
 
 The Company, and our Concepts and their franchisees, are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world. These laws and regulations change regularly and are increasingly complex. For example, we are subject to: 
 
 The Americans with Disabilities Act in the U.S. and similar laws that provide protection to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. 
 The U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act as well as a variety of similar laws, which govern matters such as minimum wages, and overtime, and the U.S. Family and Medical Leave Act as well as a variety of similar laws which provide protected leave rights to employees. 
 Employment laws related to workplace health and safety, non-discrimination, non-harassment, whistleblower protections, and other terms and conditions of employment. 
 Laws and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in the U.S. 
 Laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product marketing and menu labeling. 
 Laws relating to state and local licensing. 
 Laws relating to the relationship between franchisors and franchisees. 
 Laws and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including laws regulating the use of certain hazardous equipment , building and zoning, and fire safety and prevention. 
 Laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities. 
 Laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, and consumer protection. 
 Laws relating to currency conversion or exchange. 
 Laws relating to international trade and sanctions. 
 Anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
 Environmental laws and regulations, including with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Federal and state immigration laws and regulations in the U.S. 
 Regulations, health guidelines and safety protocols related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 20 

In addition, if any governmental authority were to adopt and implement a broader standard for determining when two or more otherwise unrelated employers may be found to be a joint employer of the same employees under laws such as the National Labor Relations Act (the NLRA in a manner that is applied generally to franchise relationships, this could cause us or our Concepts to be liable or held responsible for unfair labor practices and other violations and could subject our Concepts to other liabilities, and/or require our Concepts to conduct collective bargaining negotiations, regarding employees of totally separate, independent employers, most notably our Concepts franchisees. For example, the National Labor Relations Board issued a proposed rule in September 2022 regarding the joint-employer test under the NLRA which would take into account the indirect control that a company has over the employees of another entity, thereby increasing the likelihood of a joint-employer relationship under the NLRA. Moreover, many states (including California) have increasingly focused on and/or enacted legislation around the misclassification of independent contractors. 
 
 Any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or related standards or guidelines could adversely affect our reputation, global expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Publicity relating to any such noncompliance or perception that we are not paying a sufficient amount of taxes could also harm our Concepts reputations and adversely affect our revenues. In addition, the compliance costs associated with complying with new or existing legal requirements could be substantial. 
 
 Tax matters, including changes in tax rates or laws, disagreements with taxing authorities, imposition of new taxes and our restructurings could impact our results of operations, growth prospects and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, withholding and franchise taxes in various jurisdictions. Our accruals for tax liabilities are based on past experience, interpretations of applicable law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities, but such accruals require significant judgment which may be incorrect and may result in payments greater than the amounts accrued. If the Internal Revenue Service IRS or another taxing authority disagrees with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, which could be material. For example, as disclosed in Note 20, as a result of an audit by the IRS for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, in August 2022, we received a Revenue Agent s Report that includes a proposed adjustment for the 2014 fiscal year relating to a series of reorganizations we undertook during that year in connection with the business realignment of our corporate and management reporting structure along brand lines. While we disagree with the position of the IRS and intend to contest it vigorously, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could have a material, adverse impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods. 
 
 In addition, if jurisdictions in which we or our Concepts operate enact tax legislation, modify tax treaties and/or increase audit scrutiny, it could increase our taxes and have an adverse impact on our results of operations, growth prospects and financial position. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ), the European Union and other countries (including countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed in an effort to limit perceived base erosion and profit shifting incentives. In particular, the OECD s Pillar Two initiative introduces a 15 global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis, for which many jurisdictions have now committed to an effective enactment date starting January 1, 2024. If these proposals are implemented in any jurisdictions in which we operate, they could negatively impact our effective tax rate as well as increase the tax compliance and reporting costs related to such requirements. 
 
 Risks Related to the Yum China Spin-Off 
 
 The Yum China spin-off and certain related transactions could result in substantial U.S. tax liability. 
 
 We received opinions of outside counsel substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Yum China spin-off and certain related transactions qualified as generally tax-free under Sections 355 and 361 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. The opinions relied on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations as to factual matters and undertakings (including with respect to future conduct) made by Yum China and us. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on these opinions of outside counsel. Accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of outside counsel, the conclusions reached in the tax opinions may be challenged by the IRS. Because the opinions are not binding on the IRS or the courts, there can be no assurance that the IRS or the courts will not prevail in any such challenge. 
 
 If, notwithstanding receipt of any opinion, the IRS were to conclude that the Yum China spin-off was taxable, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the Yum China common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. In 
 21 

addition, each U.S. holder of our Common Stock who received shares of Yum China common stock in connection with the spin-off transaction would generally be treated as having received a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Yum China common stock received. That distribution would be taxable to each such U.S. stockholder as a dividend to the extent of accumulated earnings and profits as of the date of the spin-off. For each such U.S. stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such stockholder s tax basis in our shares of Common Stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain. 
 
 The Yum China spin-off may be subject to China s indirect transfer tax. 
 
 In February 2015, the Chinese State Tax Administration STA issued the Bulletin on Several Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Income Arising from Indirect Transfers of Property by Non-resident Enterprises Bulletin 7 ). Pursuant to Bulletin 7, an indirect transfer of Chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a China resident enterprise Chinese interests ), by a non-resident enterprise, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of Chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor has avoided payment of Chinese enterprise income tax. Using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the STA may treat an indirect transfer as a direct transfer of Chinese interests if the transfer has avoided Chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to Chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10 of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a China resident enterprise. We evaluated the potential applicability of Bulletin 7 in connection with the Separation in the form of a tax free restructuring and continue to believe it is more likely than not that Bulletin 7 does not apply and that the restructuring had reasonable commercial purpose. 
 
 However, there are significant uncertainties on what constitutes a reasonable commercial purpose, how the safe harbor provisions for group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the Chinese tax authorities will ultimately view the spin-off. As a result, our position could be challenged by the Chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax at a rate of 10 assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of Yum China at the date of the spin-off. As our tax basis in Yum China was minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant and have an adverse effect on our results of operations, growth prospects and our financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Consumer Discretionary Spending and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 
 Our business and/or our growth prospects may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and economic conditions in the various markets, including inflationary pressures. 
 
 As a company dependent upon consumer discretionary spending, we (and our Concepts franchisees) are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty regarding macroeconomic conditions in markets where we and Concepts franchisees operate. Some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment and underemployment rates, fluctuations in disposable income, the price of gasoline, other inflationary pressures, higher taxes, reduced access to credit, elevated interest rate levels, stock market performance and changes in consumer confidence. In this regard, we and our Concepts franchisees have been adversely impacted by, and may continue to be adversely impacted by, negative macroeconomic conditions in markets where we and our Concepts franchisees operate, including impacts from increased commodity prices and other inflationary pressures, challenging labor market conditions, elevated interest rates, supply chain disruptions, and governmental restrictions implemented to mitigate against the pandemic. Any significant deterioration in current negative macroeconomic conditions, or any recovery therefrom that is significantly slower than anticipated, could have an adverse effect on our business, growth prospects, financial conditions, or results of operations. In addition, negative macroeconomic conditions or other adverse business developments may result in future asset impairment charges. Moreover, if negative macroeconomic conditions result in significant disruptions to capital and financial markets, or negatively impact our credit ratings, our cost of borrowing, our ability to access capital on favorable terms and our overall liquidity and capital structure could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 
 The retail food industry is highly competitive. 
 
 Our Concepts restaurants compete with international, national and regional restaurant chains as well as locally-owned restaurants, and the industry in which we operate is highly competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional and price discounting initiatives, customer service, reputation, restaurant location, attractiveness and maintenance of properties, management and hourly personnel and qualified franchisees. Moreover, if we are unable to successfully respond to changing consumer or dietary preferences, if our marketing efforts and/or launch of new products are unsuccessful, or if our Concepts restaurants are unable to compete 
 22 

successfully with other retail food outlets, our and our Concepts franchisees businesses and/or our growth prospects could be adversely affected. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in a change of consumer routines and behavior, and it is difficult to fully assess the impacts of such developments on us or our Concepts, or the extent to which any such consumer patterns may continue after the COVID-19 pandemic has ended. We also face ongoing competition due to convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes. Competition from delivery aggregators and other food delivery services has also increased and is expected to continue to increase, particularly in urbanized areas. Finally, not all of our competitors may seek to establish environmental or sustainability goals comparable to ours, which could result in lower supply chain or operating costs for our competitors. Increased competition and other competitive factors could have an adverse effect on our business or development plans. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness makes us more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, may limit our ability to plan for or respond to significant changes in our business, and requires a significant amount of cash to service our debt payment obligations that we may be unable to generate or obtain. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt was approximately 11.9 billion. Subject to the limits contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may incur additional debt from time to time, which would increase the risks related to our high level of indebtedness. Our high level of indebtedness could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to plan for and respond to, adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in our business and the competitive environment; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases or other corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 placing us at a disadvantage compared to other less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; 
 increasing our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as current and future borrowings are subject to variable rates of interest or we are forced to refinance indebtedness at higher interest rates, which risk is heightened by the current elevated interest rate environment; 
 increasing our exposure to the risk of discontinuance, replacement or modification of certain reference rates; 
 making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance or satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future and increasing the cost of any such borrowing; 
 imposing restrictive covenants on our operations due to the terms of our indebtedness, which, if not complied with, could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the applicable debt, and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies; and 
 increasing our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and our debt is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 
 If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future debt or equity financings are not available to us on acceptable terms in amounts sufficient to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs, our financial condition may be adversely affected. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. There is no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have an adverse effect on our business, growth prospects and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 The Company has received no written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of its 2022 fiscal year and that remain unresolved. 
 
 23 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 As of year end 2022, the Company s Concepts owned land, building or both for 322 restaurants worldwide in connection with the operation of our 990 Company-owned restaurants. These restaurants are further detailed as follows: 
 
 The KFC Division owned land, building or both for 66 restaurants. 
 The Taco Bell Division owned land, building or both for 254 restaurants. 
 The Pizza Hut Division owned land, building or both for 2 restaurants. 
 
 The Company currently also owns land, building or both related to approximately 500 franchise restaurants that it leases to franchisees and leases land, building or both related to approximately 250 franchise restaurants that it subleases to franchisees, principally in the U.S., United Kingdom, Australia and Germany. 
 
 Company-owned restaurants in the U.S. with leases are generally leased for initial terms of 10 to 20 years and generally have renewal options. Company-owned restaurants outside the U.S. with leases have initial lease terms and renewal options that vary by country. 
 
 The KFC Division and Pizza Hut Division corporate headquarters and a KFC and Pizza Hut research facility in Plano, Texas are owned by Pizza Hut. A leased building in Irvine, California contains the Taco Bell Division and The Habit Burger Grill Division corporate headquarters and a Taco Bell research facility. The YUM corporate headquarters and a KFC research facility in Louisville, Kentucky are owned by KFC. Additional information about the Company s properties is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 The Company believes that its properties are generally in good operating condition and are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 

The Company is subject to various lawsuits covering a variety of allegations. The Company believes that the ultimate liability, if any, in excess of amounts already provided for these matters in the Consolidated Financial Statements, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s annual results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Matters faced by the Company include, but are not limited to, claims from franchisees, suppliers, employees, customers, governments and others related to operational, foreign exchange, tax, franchise, contractual or employment issues as well as claims that the Company has infringed on third-party intellectual property rights. In addition, the Company brings claims from time-to-time relating to infringement of, or challenges to, our intellectual property, including registered marks. Finally, as a publicly-traded company, disputes arise from time-to-time with our shareholders, including allegations that the Company breached federal securities laws or that officers and/or directors breached fiduciary duties. Descriptions of significant current specific claims and contingencies appear in Note 20, Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, which is incorporated by reference into this item. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant. 
 
 The executive officers of the Company as of February 24, 2023, and their ages and current positions as of that date are as follows: 
 
 David Gibbs , 59, is Chief Executive Officer of YUM a position he has held since January 2020. Prior to that, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2019 to December 2019, as President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from January 2019 to August 2019 and as President and Chief Financial Officer from May 2016 to December 2018. Prior to these positions, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Pizza Hut Division from January 2015 to April 2016. From January 2014 to December 2014, Mr. Gibbs served as President of Pizza Hut U.S. Prior to this position, Mr. Gibbs served as President and Chief Financial Officer of Yum! Restaurants International, Inc. YRI from May 2012 through December 
 24 

2013. Mr. Gibbs served as Chief Financial Officer of YRI from January 2011 to April 2012. He was Chief Financial Officer of Pizza Hut U.S. from September 2005 to December 2010. 
 
 Scott Catlett , 46, is Chief Legal and Franchise Officer and Corporate Secretary of YUM. He has served in this position since July 2020. Prior to that, he served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of YUM from July 2018 to June 2020 and he served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of YUM from November 2015 to June 2018. From September 2007 to October 2015 Mr. Catlett held various YUM positions including Vice President Associate General Counsel. 
 
 Mark King, 63, is Chief Executive Officer of Taco Bell Division, a position he has held since August 2019. Before joining YUM, Mr. King served as President, adidas Group North America from June 2014 to June 2018 and as Chief Executive Officer of TaylorMade-adidas Golf from 2003 to 2014. 
 
 Aaron Powell, 51, is Chief Executive Officer of Pizza Hut Division, a position he has held since September 2021. Before joining YUM, Mr. Powell served in various positions at Kimberly-Clark from September 2007 to August 2021. Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, he served in various positions at Bain Company and Proctor Gamble. 
 
 David Russell , 53, is Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of YUM. He has served as YUM s Corporate Controller since February 2011 and as Senior Vice President, Finance since February 2017. Prior to serving as Corporate Controller, Mr. Russell served in various positions at the Vice President level in the YUM Finance Department, including Controller-Designate from November 2010 to February 2011 and Vice President, Assistant Controller from January 2008 to December 2010. 
 
 Sabir Sami, 55, is Chief Executive Officer of KFC Division, a position he has held since January 2022. From January 2020 to December 2021 he served in a dual role as KFC Division Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of KFC Asia. Prior to this, from April 2013 to December 2019, he was Managing Director for the KFC Middle East, North Africa, Pakistan and Turkey markets. Before joining YUM in 2009, Mr. Sami served in various leadership roles at Procter Gamble, the Coca-Cola Company and Reckitt Benckiser. 
 
 Tracy Skeans, 50, is Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer of YUM. She has served as Chief Operating Officer since January 2021 and Chief People Officer since January 2016. She also served as Chief Transformation Officer from November 2016 to December 2020. From January 2015 to December 2015, she was President of Pizza Hut International. Prior to this position, Ms. Skeans served as Chief People Officer of Pizza Hut Division from December 2013 to December 2014 and Chief People Officer of Pizza Hut U.S. from October 2011 to November 2013. From July 2009 to September 2011, she served as Director of Human Resources for Pizza Hut U.S and was on the Pizza Hut U.S. Finance team from September 2000 to June 2009. 
 
 Christopher Turner , 48, is Chief Financial Officer of YUM, a position he has held since August 2019. Before joining YUM, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager in PepsiCo s retail and e-commerce businesses with Walmart in the U.S. and more than 25 countries and across PepsiCo s brands from December 2017 to July 2019. Prior to leading PepsiCo s Walmart business, he served in various positions including Senior Vice President of Transformation for PepsiCo s Frito-Lay North America business from July 2017 to December 2017 and Senior Vice President of Strategy for Frito-Lay from February 2016 to June 2017. Prior to joining PepsiCo, he was a partner in the Dallas office of McKinsey Company, a strategic management consulting firm. 
 
 Executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information and Dividend Policy 
 
 The Company s Common Stock trades under the symbol YUM and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were 35,943 registered holders of record of the Company s Common Stock. 
 
 In 2022, the Company declared and paid four cash dividends of 0.57 per share. In February 2023, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.605 per share to be distributed March 10, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 22, 2023. Future decisions to pay cash dividends continue to be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will be dependent on our operating performance, financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and other factors that the Company s Board of Directors considers relevant. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to shares of Common Stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter then ended. 
 
 Fiscal Periods Total number of shares purchased (thousands) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (thousands) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (millions) 10/1/22 - 10/31/22 2,037 110.44 2,037 2,011 11/1/22 - 11/30/22 935 123.82 935 1,895 12/1/22 - 12/31/22 1,124 129.30 1,124 1,750 Total 4,096 118.67 4,096 
 
 In May 2021, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases from July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, of up to 2.0 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock. Shares repurchased under this authorization during the quarter totaled 236 million and this authorization was exhausted as of December 31, 2022. In September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 2.0 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock through June 30, 2024. The new authorization took effect during the fourth quarter of 2022 upon the exhaustion of the authorization approved in May 2021 and 250 million in shares were repurchased under this authorization during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 26 

Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This graph compares the cumulative total return of our Common Stock to the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Consumer Discretionary Sector Index, a peer group that includes YUM, for the period from December 30, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our Common Stock and each index was 100 at December 29, 2017, and that all cash dividends were reinvested. 
 
 12/29/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/30/2020 12/31/2021 12/30/2022 YUM 100 115 128 140 182 171 S P 500 100 96 126 149 191 157 S P Consumer Discretionary 100 101 129 172 214 135 
 
 Source of total return data: Bloomberg 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Introduction and Overview 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A ), should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements Financial Statements in Item 8 and the Forward-Looking Statements and the Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A. All Note references herein refer to the Notes to the Financial Statements. Tabular amounts are displayed in millions of U.S. dollars except per share and unit count amounts, or as otherwise specifically identified. Percentages may not recompute due to rounding. 
 
 Yum! Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as the Company , YUM , we , us or our franchise or operate a system of over 55,000 restaurants in more than 155 countries and territories, primarily under the concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (collectively, the Concepts ). The Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut brands are global leaders of the chicken, Mexican-style food and pizza categories, respectively. The Habit Burger Grill is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. Of the over 55,000 restaurants, 98 are operated by franchisees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, YUM consists of four operating segments: 
 
 The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept 
 The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept 
 The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept 
 The Habit Burger Grill Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Habit Burger Grill concept 
 
 Through our Recipe for Good Growth we intend to unlock the growth potential of our Concepts and YUM, drive increased collaboration across our Concepts and geographies and consistently deliver better customer experiences, improved unit economics and higher rates of growth. Key enablers include accelerated use of digital and technology and better leverage of our systemwide scale. 
 
 Our global citizenship and sustainability strategy is reflected in our Good agenda, which includes our priorities for social responsibility, risk management and sustainable stewardship of our people, food and planet. 
 
 Our Growth agenda is based on four key drivers: 
 Unrivaled Culture and Talent: Leverage our culture and people capability to fuel brand performance and franchise success 
 Unmatched Operating Capability: Recruit and equip the best restaurant operators in the world to deliver great customer experiences 
 Relevant, Easy and Distinctive Brands: Innovate and elevate iconic restaurant brands people trust and champion 
 Bold Restaurant Development: Drive market and franchise expansion with strong economics and value 
 
 We intend to drive long-term growth and shareholder returns primarily through consistent same-store sales growth and new unit development across all of our Concepts. We intend to support this growth and development through a capital and operating structure that: 
 
 Invests capital in a manner consistent with an asset light, franchisor model; 
 
 Allocates G A in an efficient manner that provides leverage to operating profit growth while at the same time opportunistically investing in strategic growth initiatives; 
 
 Pays a competitive dividend and returns excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases; and 
 
 Targets a consolidated net leverage ratio that balances shareholder returns, cost of capital and flexibility against various risk factors. 
 
 We intend for this MD A to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our results of operations, including performance metrics that management uses to assess the Company s performance. Throughout this MD A, we commonly discuss the following performance metrics: 
 
 28 

Same-store sales growth is the estimated percentage change in system sales of all restaurants that have been open and in the YUM system for one year or more (except as noted below), including those temporarily closed. From time-to-time restaurants may be temporarily closed due to remodeling or image enhancement, rebuilding, natural disasters, health epidemic or pandemic, landlord disputes or other issues. Throughout 2022, 2021 and 2020 we had a significant number of restaurants that were temporarily closed including restaurants closed due to government and landlord restrictions as a result of COVID-19. The system sales of restaurants we deem temporarily closed remain in our base for purposes of determining same-store sales growth and the restaurants remain in our unit count (see below). We believe same-store sales growth is useful to investors because our results are heavily dependent on the results of our Concepts existing store base. Additionally, same-store sales growth is reflective of the strength of our Brands, the effectiveness of our operational and advertising initiatives and local economic and consumer trends. In 2021 and 2020, when calculating respective same-store sales growth we also included in our prior year base the sales of stores that were added as a result of our acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. on March 18, 2020, and that were open for one year or more. 
 
 Gross unit openings reflects new openings by us and our franchisees. Net new unit growth reflects gross unit openings offset by permanent store closures, by us and our franchisees. To determine whether a restaurant meets the definition of a unit we consider factors such as whether the restaurant has operations that are ongoing and independent from another YUM unit, serves the primary product of one of our Concepts, operates under a separate franchise agreement (if operated by a franchisee) and has substantial and sustainable sales. We believe gross unit openings and net new unit growth are useful to investors because we depend on new units for a significant portion of our growth. Additionally, gross unit openings and net new unit growth are generally reflective of the economic returns to us and our franchisees from opening and operating our Concept restaurants. 
 
 System sales, System sales excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation FX and System sales excluding FX and the impact of the 53rd week in 2019 for our U.S. subsidiaries or certain international subsidiaries that operate on a weekly period calendar. System sales reflect the results of all restaurants regardless of ownership, including Company-owned and franchise restaurants. Sales at franchise restaurants typically generate ongoing franchise and license fees for the Company at a rate of 3 to 6 of sales. Increasingly, customers are paying a fee to a third party to deliver or facilitate the ordering of our Concepts products. We also include in System sales any portion of the amount customers pay these third parties for which the third party is obligated to pay us a license fee as a percentage of such amount. Franchise restaurant sales and fees paid by customers to third parties to deliver or facilitate the ordering of our Concepts products are not included in Company sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income; however, any resulting franchise and license fees we receive are included in the Company s revenues. We believe System sales growth is useful to investors as a significant indicator of the overall strength of our business as it incorporates our primary revenue drivers, Company and franchise same-store sales as well as net unit growth. 
 
 As of the beginning of the second quarter of 2022, as a result of our progress towards exiting Russia and our decision to reclass future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion from the Division segments in which those profits were earned to Unallocated Other income (see Notes 3 and 19), we elected to remove all Russia units from our unit count as well as to begin excluding those units associated sales from our system sales totals. We removed 1,112 units and 53 units in Russia from our global KFC and Pizza Hut unit counts, respectively. These units were treated similar to permanent store closures for purposes of our same-store sales calculations and thus they were removed from our same-store sales calculations beginning April 1, 2022. 
 
 In addition to the results provided in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America GAAP ), the Company provides the following non-GAAP measurements. 
 
 Diluted Earnings Per Share excluding Special Items (as defined below); 
 
 Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items; 
 
 Core Operating Profit and Core Operating Profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2019. Core Operating Profit excludes Special Items and FX and we use Core Operating Profit for the purposes of evaluating performance internally; 
 
 Company restaurant profit and Company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales (as defined below). 
 
 These non-GAAP measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the Company believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measurements provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. 
 
 29 

Special Items are not included in any of our Division segment results as the Company does not believe they are indicative of our ongoing operations due to their size and/or nature. Our chief operating decision maker does not consider the impact of Special Items when assessing segment performance. 
 
 Company restaurant profit is defined as Company sales less Company restaurant expenses, both of which appear on the face of our Consolidated Statements of Income. Company restaurant expenses include those expenses incurred directly by our Company-owned restaurants in generating Company sales, including cost of food and paper, cost of restaurant-level labor, rent, depreciation and amortization of restaurant-level assets and advertising expenses incurred by and on behalf of that Company restaurant. Company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales Company restaurant margin is defined as Company restaurant profit divided by Company sales. We use Company restaurant profit for the purposes of internally evaluating the performance of our Company-owned restaurants and we believe Company restaurant profit provides useful information to investors as to the profitability of our Company-owned restaurants. In calculating Company restaurant profit, the Company excludes revenues and expenses directly associated with our franchise operations as well as non-restaurant-level costs included in General and administrative expenses, some of which may support Company-owned restaurant operations. The Company also excludes restaurant-level asset impairment and closures expenses, which have historically not been significant, from the determination of Company restaurant profit as such expenses are not believed to be indicative of ongoing operations. Company restaurant profit and Company restaurant margin as presented may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies in the industry. 
 
 Certain performance metrics and non-GAAP measurements are presented excluding the impact of FX. These amounts are derived by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. We believe the elimination of the FX impact provides better year-to-year comparability without the distortion of foreign currency fluctuations. 
 
 For 2019 we provided Core Operating Profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week and System sales excluding FX and the impact of the 53rd week to further enhance the comparability given the 53rd week that was part of our fiscal calendar in 2019. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Summary 
 
 All comparisons within this summary are versus the same period a year ago. Comparisons versus 2019, unless otherwise stated, include the impact of a 53rd week in 2019. For discussion of our results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020, refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 
 
 2022 financial highlights: 
 Change System Sales, ex FX Same-Store Sales Units GAAP Operating Profit Core Operating Profit KFC Division +6 +4 +3 (3) +5 Taco Bell Division +11 +8 +5 +12 +12 Pizza Hut Division +3 Even +4 Even +4 Worldwide +6 +4 +4 +2 +6 
 Additionally: 
 
 As of the beginning of the second quarter, we elected to remove 1,165 Russia units from our unit count and begin excluding their associated sales from our total system sales. We removed 1,112 units and 53 units in Russia from our KFC and Pizza Hut units counts, respectively. As a result: 
 YUM and KFC Division year-over-year unit growth as shown above were negatively impacted by two and four percentage points, respectively. 
 YUM and KFC Division system sales growth excluding foreign currency as shown above were negatively impacted by two and three percentage points, respectively. 
 
 Also, we elected to reclass future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion from the Division segments in which those profits were earned to Unallocated Other income and reflected such profits as a Special Item 
 30 

as they are not indicative of our ongoing results. As a result of the decline in Core Operating Profits attributable to Russia: 
 YUM and KFC Division Core Operating Profit as shown above were negatively impacted by two and four percentage points, respectively. 
 
 Foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted Divisional Operating Profit by 118 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 2022 2021 Change GAAP EPS 4.57 5.21 (12) Special Items EPS 
 0.06 0.75 NM EPS Excluding Special Items 4.51 4.46 +1 
 
 In addition to the aforementioned factors impacting Operating Profit, our diluted EPS, excluding Special Items, was also impacted by lower Investment income, net year over year. Investment income, net added approximately 0.03 and 0.26 to our diluted EPS, excluding Special Items for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 
 
 Gross unit openings for the year were 4,560 units resulting in 3,076 net new units. 

Worldwide 
 
 GAAP Results Amount B/(W) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Company sales 2,072 2,106 1,810 (2) 16 Franchise and property revenues 3,096 2,900 2,510 7 16 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 1,674 1,578 1,332 6 18 Total revenues 6,842 6,584 5,652 4 16 Company restaurant expenses 1,745 1,725 1,506 (1) (15) G A expenses 1,140 1,060 1,064 (8) Franchise and property expenses 123 117 145 (4) 18 Franchise advertising and other services expense 1,667 1,576 1,314 (6) (20) Refranchising (gain) loss (27) (35) (34) (22) 2 Other (income) expense 7 2 154 NM NM Total costs and expenses, net 4,655 4,445 4,149 (5) (7) Operating Profit 2,187 2,139 1,503 2 42 Investment (income) expense, net (11) (86) (74) (88) 16 Other pension (income) expense 9 7 14 (26) 48 Interest expense, net 527 544 543 3 Income before income taxes 1,662 1,674 1,020 (1) 64 Income tax provision 337 99 116 (242) 15 Net Income 1,325 1,575 904 (16) 74 Diluted EPS (a) 
 4.57 5.21 2.94 (12) 77 Effective tax rate 20.3 5.9 11.4 (14.4) ppts. 5.5 ppts. 
 
 (a) See Note 4 for the number of shares used in this calculation. 
 
 31 

Performance Metrics 
 Increase (Decrease) Unit Count 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Franchise 54,371 52,373 49,255 4 6 Company-owned 990 1,051 1,098 (6) (4) Total 55,361 53,424 50,353 4 6 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) 4 10 (6) System Sales Growth (Decline) , reported 2 16 (4) System Sales Growth (Decline) , excluding FX 6 13 (4) System Sales Growth (Decline) , excluding FX and 53rd week N/A N/A (3) 
 
 Our system sales breakdown by Company and franchise sales was as follows: 
 Year 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Company sales (a) 
 2,072 2,106 1,810 Franchise sales 57,211 56,082 48,549 System sales 59,283 58,188 50,359 Foreign Currency Impact on System sales (b) 
 (2,653) 1,277 N/A System sales, excluding FX 61,936 56,911 50,359 KFC Division Company sales (a) 
 491 596 506 Franchise sales 30,625 30,769 25,783 System sales 31,116 31,365 26,289 Foreign Currency Impact on System sales (b) 
 (2,102) 1,000 N/A System sales, excluding FX 33,218 30,365 26,289 Taco Bell Division Company sales (a) 
 1,002 944 882 Franchise sales 13,651 12,336 10,863 System sales 14,653 13,280 11,745 Foreign Currency Impact on System sales (b) 
 (52) 17 N/A System sales, excluding FX 14,705 13,263 11,745 Pizza Hut Division Company sales (a) 
 21 46 76 Franchise sales 12,832 12,909 11,879 System sales 12,853 12,955 11,955 Foreign Currency Impact on System sales (b) 
 (499) 260 N/A System sales, excluding FX 13,352 12,695 11,955 Habit Burger Grill Division (c) 
 Company sales (a) 
 558 520 346 Franchise sales 103 68 24 System sales 661 588 370 Foreign Currency Impact on System sales (b) 
 N/A System sales, excluding FX 661 588 370 
 32 

(a) Company sales represents sales from our Company-operated stores as presented on our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 (b) The foreign currency impact on System sales is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. When determining applicable System sales growth percentages, the System sales excluding FX for the current year should be compared to the prior year System sales prior to adjustment for the prior year FX impact. 
 
 (c) System sales for the Habit Burger Grill Division is shown since our March 18, 2020 acquisition date. 
 
 Non-GAAP Items Non-GAAP Items, along with the reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measure, are presented below. 2022 2021 2020 Core Operating Profit Growth 6 18 (8) Core Operating Profit Growth , excluding 53rd week N/A N/A (7) Diluted EPS Growth , excluding Special Items 1 23 2 Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items 20.8 21.4 15.9 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Company restaurant profit 327 381 304 Company restaurant margin 15.8 18.1 16.8 
 
 Year Detail of Special Items 2022 2021 2020 Refranchising gain (loss) (a) 
 6 3 8 Operating profit impact from decision to exit Russia (b) 
 44 Charges associated with resource optimization (See Note 5) 
 (11) (9) (36) Impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (See Note 5) 
 (144) Unlocking Opportunity Initiative contribution (See Note 5) 
 (50) COVID-19 relief contribution (See Note 5) 
 (25) Other Special Items Income (Expense) (1) (3) (20) Special Items Income (Expense) - Operating Profit 38 (9) (267) Charges associated with resource optimization - Other pension (expense) income (see Note 5) 
 1 (2) Interest expense, net (See Note 5) 
 (28) (34) (34) Special Items Income (Expense) before Income Taxes 10 (42) (303) Tax (Expense) Benefit on Special Items (c) 
 (3) 17 65 Tax Benefit - Intra-entity transfers and valuations of intellectual property (d) 
 82 251 28 Tax (Expense) - Income tax impacts from decision to exit Russia (e) 
 (72) Special Items Income (Expense), net of tax 17 226 (210) Average diluted shares outstanding 290 302 307 Special Items diluted EPS 0.06 0.75 (0.68) 
 (a) Due to their size and volatility, we have reflected as Special Items those refranchising gains and losses that were recorded in connection with our previously announced plans to have at least 98 franchise restaurant ownership by the end of 2018. As such, refranchising gains and losses recorded as Special Items are directly associated with restaurants that were refranchised prior to the end of 2018. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded net refranchising gains of 6 million, 3 million and 8 million, respectively, that have been reflected as Special Items. 
 
 33 

Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded net refranchising gains of 21 million, 32 million and 26 million, respectively, that have not been reflected as Special Items. These gains relate to refranchising of restaurants that were not part of our aforementioned plans to achieve 98 franchise ownership and that we believe are now more indicative of our expected ongoing refranchising activity. 
 
 (b) In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we suspended all investment and restaurant development in Russia. We also suspended all operations of our 70 company-owned KFC restaurants in Russia and began finalizing an agreement to suspend all Pizza Hut operations in Russia, in partnership with our master franchisee. Further, we pledged to redirect any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts. During the second quarter, we completed the transfer of ownership of the Pizza Hut Russia business to a local operator who has initiated the process of re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept. In October 2022, we announced that we entered into a sale and purchase agreement to transfer ownership of our KFC Russia restaurants, operating system and master franchise rights, including the network of KFC franchised restaurants, to Smart Service Ltd., a business operated by one of our existing KFC franchisees in Russia. Under the agreement, the buyer will be responsible for re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept and retaining the Company s employees in Russia. Completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory and governmental approvals, as well as other conditions. Following the completion of the transaction, we will have ceased our corporate presence in Russia. 
 
 Our GAAP operating results presented herein reflect revenues from and expenses to support the Russian operations for Pizza Hut, prior to the date of transfer, and KFC, for the entirety of the year ended December 31, 2022, within their historical financial statement line items and operating segments. However, given our decision to exit Russia and our pledge to direct any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts, we reclassed such resulting net profits from the Division segment results in which they were earned to Unallocated Other income. Additionally, we have incurred certain expenses related to the transfer of the businesses and other one-time costs related to our exit from Russia which we have recorded within Corporate and unallocated G A and Unallocated Franchise and property expenses. Also recorded in Unallocated Other income were foreign exchange gains attributable to fluctuations in the value of the Russian ruble. The resulting net Operating Profit from these items of 44 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been reflected as a Special Item as the amount is not indicative of our ongoing results. 
 
 (c) Tax (Expense) Benefit on Special Items was determined based upon the impact of the nature, as well as the jurisdiction of the respective individual components within Special Items. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we also recorded as a Special Item an 8 million tax benefit related to prior refranchisings for which the associated pre-tax gain or loss was recorded as Special. 
 
 (d) In December of 2019, we completed intra-entity transfers of certain intellectual property IP rights. As a result of the transfer of certain of these rights, largely to subsidiaries in the United Kingdom UK ), we received a step-up in tax basis to current fair value under applicable UK law, and to the extent this step-up in tax basis was amortizable against future taxable income, we recognized deferred tax assets. The associated deferred tax benefit was originally recognized as a Special Item in 2019. 
 
 On July 22, 2020, the UK Finance Act 2020 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from 17 to 19 . As a result, we remeasured the related deferred tax assets originally recorded as described above and recognized an additional 25 million deferred tax benefit as a Special Item in the year ended December 31, 2020. Additionally, we recognized a related deferred tax benefit of 3 million as a result of an increase in the step-up in the tax basis as described above as a Special Item in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 On June 10, 2021, the UK Finance Act 2021 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate income tax rate from 19 to 25 . As a result, we remeasured the related deferred tax assets originally recorded as described above and recognized an additional 64 million deferred tax benefit as a Special Item in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In July 2021, we concentrated management responsibility for European (excluding the UK) KFC franchise development, support operations and management oversight in Switzerland (the KC Europe Reorganization ). Concurrent with this change in management responsibility, we completed intra-entity transfers of certain KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the UK to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfer of these rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net, one-time benefit of 152 million as a Special Item in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In December 2021, we continued our KFC Europe Reorganization and completed intra-entity transfers of additional European KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the U.S. to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these additional 
 34 

rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time tax benefit of 35 million as a Special Item in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In the quarter ended June 30, 2022, as a result of our decision to exit the Russia market, we recorded tax expense associated with the remeasurement of and establishment of a valuation allowance on a portion of the aforementioned deferred tax assets associated with the amortizable tax basis associated with the KFC IP rights held in Switzerland (see Note e). In the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we performed an annual valuation under Swiss laws of these Swiss IP rights, incorporating current assumptions around the expected future cash flows attributable to the IP. This valuation supported an increase to tax basis of Swiss IP rights associated with parts of our business that will continue to use these IP rights due to expected royalty growth assumptions in those parts of the business that largely offset the loss of the Russia royalty income associated with such IP rights. Based on this valuation as well as future forecasting of taxable income, we remeasured and reassessed the need for a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets associated with the Swiss IP. As a result, we recorded a net tax benefit of 82 million as a Special Item in the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (e) Our decision to exit the Russia market in the quarter ended June 30, 2022, resulted in a reduction in the tax basis of KFC IP rights held in Switzerland due to the expected loss of the Russia royalty income associated with such rights going forward. As a result, we remeasured and reassessed the need for a valuation allowance on the associated deferred tax assets. In addition, we reassessed certain deferred tax liabilities associated with the Russia business given the expectation that the existing basis difference will now reverse by way of sale. Primarily as a result of these items, we recorded a net tax expense of 72 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, that was reflected as a Special Item. 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Profit to Core Operating Profit Year 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated GAAP Operating Profit 2,187 2,139 1,503 Special Items Income (Expense) - Operating Profit 38 (9) (267) Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit (a) 
 (118) 54 N/A Core Operating Profit 2,267 2,094 1,770 KFC Division GAAP Operating Profit 1,198 1,230 922 Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit (a) 
 (98) 45 N/A Core Operating Profit 1,296 1,185 922 Taco Bell Division GAAP Operating Profit 850 758 696 Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit (a) 
 (2) 1 N/A Core Operating Profit 852 757 696 Pizza Hut Division GAAP Operating Profit 387 387 335 Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit (a) 
 (18) 8 N/A Core Operating Profit 405 379 335 Habit Burger Grill Division GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) (24) 2 (22) Foreign Currency Impact on Divisional Operating Profit (a) 
 N/A Core Operating Profit (Loss) (24) 2 (22) Reconciliation of Diluted EPS to Diluted EPS excluding Special Items Diluted EPS 4.57 5.21 2.94 Special Items Diluted EPS 0.06 0.75 (0.68) Diluted EPS excluding Special Items 4.51 4.46 3.62 Reconciliation of GAAP Effective Tax Rate to Effective Tax Rate, excluding Special Items GAAP Effective Tax Rate 20.3 5.9 11.4 Impact on Tax Rate as a result of Special Items (0.5) (15.5) (4.5) Effective Tax Rate excluding Special Items 20.8 21.4 15.9 
 35 

(a) The foreign currency impact on reported Operating Profit is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. When determining applicable Core Operating Profit growth percentages, the Core Operating Profit for the current year should be compared to the prior year GAAP Operating Profit adjusted only for any prior year Special Items Income (Expense). 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Operating Profit to Company Restaurant Profit 
 2022 
 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate and Unallocated Consolidated GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) 1,198 850 387 (24) (224) 2,187 Less: Franchise and property revenues 1,645 837 607 7 3,096 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 698 598 376 2 1,674 Add: General and administrative expenses 390 191 211 51 297 1,140 Franchise and property expenses 69 33 13 2 6 123 Franchise advertising and other services expense 684 599 382 2 1,667 Refranchising (gain) loss (27) (27) Other (income) expense 67 (2) (10) 4 (52) 7 Company restaurant profit 65 236 26 327 Company sales 491 1,002 21 558 2,072 Company restaurant margin 13.2 23.6 (2.2) 4.7 N/A 15.8 
 
 2021 
 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate and Unallocated Consolidated GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) 1,230 758 387 2 (238) 2,139 Less: Franchise and property revenues 1,557 742 597 4 2,900 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 640 552 385 1 1,578 Add: General and administrative expenses 377 174 201 48 260 1,060 Franchise and property expenses 74 33 11 (1) 117 Franchise advertising and other services expense 627 553 395 1 1,576 Refranchising (gain) loss (35) (35) Other (income) expense (5) 1 (9) 1 14 2 Company restaurant profit 106 225 3 47 381 Company sales 596 944 46 520 2,106 Company restaurant margin 17.7 23.9 6.8 9.0 N/A 18.1 
 
 36 

2020 
 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate and Unallocated Consolidated GAAP Operating Profit (Loss) 922 696 335 (22) (428) 1,503 Less: Franchise and property revenues 1,295 662 552 1 2,510 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 471 487 374 1,332 Add: General and administrative expenses 346 158 215 33 312 1,064 Franchise and property expenses 91 33 17 4 145 Franchise advertising and other services expense 465 484 365 1,314 Refranchising (gain) loss (34) (34) Other (income) expense 9 3 (3) (1) 146 154 Company restaurant profit 67 225 3 9 304 Company sales 506 882 76 346 1,810 Company restaurant margin 13.2 25.5 5.1 2.6 N/A 16.8 
 Items Impacting Reported Results and/or Reasonably Likely to Impact Future Results 
 
 The following items impacted reported results in 2022 and/or 2021 and/or are reasonably likely to impact future results. See also the Detail of Special Items section of this MD A for other items similarly impacting results. 
 
 Russia Invasion of Ukraine 
 
 In the first quarter of 2022, as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we suspended all investment and restaurant development in Russia. We also suspended all operations of our 70 company-owned KFC restaurants in Russia and began finalizing an agreement to suspend all Pizza Hut operations in Russia, in partnership with our master franchisee. Further, we pledged to redirect any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts. During the second quarter, we completed the transfer of ownership of the Pizza Hut Russia business to a local operator who has initiated the process of re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept. In October 2022, we announced that we entered into a sale and purchase agreement to transfer ownership of our KFC Russia restaurants, operating system and master franchise rights, including the network of KFC franchised restaurants, to Smart Service Ltd., a business operated by one of our existing KFC franchisees in Russia. Under the agreement, the buyer will be responsible for re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept and retaining the Company s employees in Russia. Completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory and governmental approvals, as well as other conditions agreed to by the parties. Following the completion of the transaction, we will have ceased our corporate presence in Russia. 
 
 As of the beginning of the second quarter of 2022, we elected to remove all Russia units from our unit count and their associated sales from our total system sales. We removed 1,112 units and 53 units in Russia from our global KFC and Pizza Hut units counts, respectively. This negatively impacted YUM and KFC Division year-over-year unit growth by two and four percentage points, respectively at December 31, 2022. This also negatively impacted our system sales growth excluding foreign currency for YUM and KFC Division by two and three percentage points, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. Russia units were removed from our same-store sales calculations as of the beginning of the second quarter. 
 
 Our GAAP operating results presented herein reflect revenues from and expenses to support the Russian operations for Pizza Hut, prior to the date of transfer, and KFC, for the entirety of the year ended December 31, 2022, within their historical financial statement line items and operating segments. However, given our decision to exit Russia and our pledge to direct any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts, we reclassed such resulting net profits from the Division segment results in which they were earned to Unallocated Other income and reflected such net profits as a Special Item. Additionally, we have incurred certain expenses related to the transfer of the businesses and other costs related to our exit from Russia which we have recorded within Corporate and unallocated. The resulting net Operating 
 37 

Profit of 44 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been reflected as a Special Item as the amount is not indicative of our ongoing results. 
 
 Historically, our Russian business has constituted approximately 3 of our total Operating Profit and 2 of our total system sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Core Operating Profits in Russia declined versus the prior year, negatively impacting YUM and KFC Division Core Operating Profit growth by two and four percentage points, respectively. Our Core Operating Profit growth in the first and second quarters of 2023 will also be negatively impacted as we lap the 2022 Russia results that remained in Core Operating Profit. We expect YUM and KFC Division Core Operating Profit growth to be negatively impacted by approximately one and two percentage points, respectively, in both the first and second quarters of 2023 due to this lap. 
 
 Impact of Foreign Currency Translation on Operating Profit 
 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted the translation of our foreign currency denominated Divisional Operating Profit by 118 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This included a negative impact to our KFC Division Operating Profit of 98 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. For 2023, we currently expect changes in foreign currency to negatively impact Divisional Operating Profit by approximately 30 to 40 million, primarily in the first half of the year. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 In late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was first detected and in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. As a result of COVID-19, governmental authorities around the world implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19. These measures have included, and in some instances continue to include, restrictions on travel outside the home and limitations on business and other activities as well as encouraging social distancing. As a result of COVID-19, we and our franchisees experienced significant store closures and instances of reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures. The impact on our sales in each of our markets has been dependent on the timing, severity and duration of the outbreak, measures implemented by government authorities to reduce the spread of COVID-19, as well as our reliance on dine-in sales in the market. 
 
 Throughout 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks and resulting government restrictions limiting mobility continued to impact sales in a few key markets, primarily in China. Excluding China, our YUM same-store sales growth was 7 and our KFC Division same-store sales growth was 9 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The COVID-19 situation is ongoing, and its dynamic nature makes it difficult to forecast any impacts on the Company s 2023 results. 
 
 Investment in Devyani 
 
 In 2020, we received an approximate 5 minority interest in Devyani International Limited Devyani ), an entity that owns our KFC India and Pizza Hut India master franchisee rights. The minority interest was received in lieu of cash proceeds upon the refranchising of approximately 60 KFC restaurants in India. At the time of the refranchisings, the fair value of this minority interest was estimated to be approximately 31 million. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of this investment became readily determinable. As a result, concurrent with the initial public offering we began recording changes in fair value in Investment (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized pre-tax investment income of 11 million and 87 million, in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

38 

KFC Division 
 
 The KFC Division has 27,760 units, 86 of which are located outside the U.S. Additionally, 99 of the KFC Division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2022. 
 
 B/(W) B/(W) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 Reported Ex FX Reported Ex FX System Sales 31,116 31,365 26,289 (1) 6 19 16 Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) 4 11 (9) N/A N/A N/A N/A Company sales 491 596 506 (18) (11) 18 12 Franchise and property revenues 1,645 1,557 1,295 6 12 20 17 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 698 640 471 9 16 36 30 Total revenues 2,834 2,793 2,272 1 8 23 18 Company restaurant profit 65 106 67 (39) (33) 58 48 Company restaurant margin 13.2 17.7 13.2 (4.5) ppts. (4.4) ppts. 4.5 ppts. 4.3 ppts. G A expenses 390 377 346 (3) (6) (9) (7) Franchise and property expenses 69 74 91 7 (3) 18 20 Franchise advertising and other services expense 684 627 465 (9) (15) (35) (29) Operating Profit 1,198 1,230 922 (3) 5 33 29 
 Increase (Decrease) Unit Count 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Franchise 27,541 26,643 24,710 3 8 Company-owned 219 291 290 (25) Total 27,760 26,934 25,000 3 8 
 
 Company sales and Company restaurant margin 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Company sales, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by the suspension of operations of our 70 company-owned KFC restaurants in Russia, partially offset by Company same-store sales growth of 1 . As discussed in the Introduction and Overview section of this MD A, all units in Russia, both Company and franchised, were removed from our same-store sales calculations beginning April 1, 2022. 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Company restaurant margin percentage was driven by commodity and wage inflation. 
 
 Franchise and property revenues 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by franchise same-store sales growth of 4 and unit growth. 
 
 As discussed in the Introduction and Overview section of this MD A, all units in Russia, both Company and franchised, were removed from our same-store sales calculations beginning April 1, 2022. 
 
 G A 
 
 In 2022, the increase in G A, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by higher headcount and salaries and higher travel related costs, partially offset by lower expenses related to our annual incentive compensation program. 
 
 39 

Operating Profit 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Operating Profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by same-store sales growth and unit growth, partially offset by the negative impact of 4 percentage points on year-over-year operating profit growth as a result of lower profits in Russia, higher restaurant operating costs, and higher G A. 

Taco Bell Division 
 
 The Taco Bell Division has 8,218 units, 88 of which are in the U.S. The Company owned 6 of the Taco Bell units in the U.S. as of the end of 2022. 
 B/(W) B/(W) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 Reported Ex FX Reported Ex FX System Sales 14,653 13,280 11,745 10 11 13 13 Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) 8 11 (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A Company sales 1,002 944 882 6 6 7 7 Franchise and property revenues 837 742 662 13 13 12 12 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 598 552 487 8 8 14 14 Total revenues 2,437 2,238 2,031 9 9 10 10 Company restaurant profit 236 225 225 5 5 Company restaurant margin 23.6 23.9 25.5 (0.3) ppts. (0.3) ppts. (1.6) ppts. (1.6) ppts. G A expenses 191 174 158 (9) (10) (11) (10) Franchise and property expenses 33 33 33 1 (3) (3) Franchise advertising and other services expense 599 553 484 (8) (8) (14) (14) Operating Profit 850 758 696 12 12 9 9 
 
 Increase (Decrease) Unit Count 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Franchise 7,754 7,329 6,952 6 5 Company-owned 464 462 475 (3) Total 8,218 7,791 7,427 5 5 
 
 Company sales and Company restaurant margin 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Company sales was driven by same-store sales growth of 8 and unit growth partially offset by refranchising. 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Company restaurant margin percentage was driven by commodity and wage inflation partially offset by same-store sales growth. 
 
 Franchise and property revenues 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Franchise and property revenues was driven by franchise same-store sales growth of 8 and unit growth. 
 
 G A 
 
 In 2022, the increase in G A, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by higher headcount and salaries and higher travel related costs partially offset by lower charitable contributions. 
 40 

Operating Profit 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Operating Profit was driven by same-store sales growth and unit growth partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and higher G A. 

Pizza Hut Division 
 
 The Pizza Hut Division has 19,034 units, 66 of which are located outside the U.S. Over 99 of the Pizza Hut Division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2022. The Pizza Hut Division uses multiple distribution channels including delivery, dine-in and express (e.g. airports) and includes units operating under both the Pizza Hut and Telepizza brands. 
 
 B/(W) B/(W) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2020 Reported Ex FX Reported Ex FX System Sales 12,853 12,955 11,955 (1) 3 8 6 Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) Even 7 (6) N/A N/A N/A N/A Company sales 21 46 76 (55) (55) (40) (42) Franchise and property revenues 607 597 552 2 5 8 6 Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 376 385 374 (2) (1) 3 2 Total revenues 1,004 1,028 1,002 (2) 3 1 Company restaurant profit 3 3 NM NM (19) (24) Company restaurant margin (2.2) 6.8 5.1 (9.0) ppts. (9.0) ppts. 1.7 ppts. 1.5 ppts. G A expenses 211 201 215 (5) (7) 6 7 Franchise and property expenses 13 11 17 (23) (25) 37 38 Franchise advertising and other services expense 382 395 365 3 2 (8) (7) Operating Profit 387 387 335 Even 4 16 13 
 
 Increase (Decrease) Unit Count 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Franchise 19,013 18,359 17,559 4 5 Company-owned 21 22 80 (5) (73) Total 19,034 18,381 17,639 4 4 
 
 Company sales 
 
 In 2022, the decrease in Company sales, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by the refranchising of stores in the United Kingdom. 
 
 Franchise and property revenues 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by unit growth and the recognition of franchise fees related to unexercised development rights arising from a master franchise agreement. 
 
 G A 
 
 In 2022, the increase in G A, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by higher headcount and salaries and higher travel related expenses, partially offset by lower professional fees and lower expenses related to our annual incentive compensation programs. 
 41 

Operating Profit 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Operating Profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by unit growth. 

Habit Burger Grill Division 
 
 The Habit Burger Grill Division has 349 units, the vast majority of which are in the U.S. The Company owned 85 of the Habit Burger Grill units in the U.S. as of December 31, 2022. 
 B/(W) B/(W) 2022 
 2021 2022 
 2021 
 2020 Reported Ex FX Reported Ex FX System Sales 661 588 370 12 12 59 59 Same-Store Sales Growth (Decline) (1) 16 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total revenues 567 525 347 8 8 51 51 Operating Profit (Loss) (24) 2 (22) NM NM 111 111 
 
 Increase (Decrease) Unit Count 2022 
 2021 
 2020 2022 
 2021 Franchise 63 42 34 50 24 Company-owned 286 276 253 4 9 Total 349 318 287 10 11 
 
 Corporate Unallocated 
 B/(W) (Expense)/Income 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Corporate and unallocated G A (297) (260) (312) (14) 17 Unallocated Franchise and property expenses (6) 1 (4) NM 115 Unallocated Refranchising gain (loss) (See Note 5) 
 27 35 34 (22) 2 Unallocated Other income (expense) 52 (14) (146) NM NM Investment income (expense), net (See Note 5) 
 11 86 74 (88) 16 Other pension income (expense) (See Note 15) 
 (9) (7) (14) (26) 48 Interest expense, net (527) (544) (543) 3 Income tax provision (See Note 18) 
 (337) (99) (116) (242) 15 Effective tax rate (See Note 18) 
 20.3 5.9 11.4 (14.4) ppts. 5.5 ppts. 
 
 Corporate and unallocated G A 
 
 In 2022, the increase in Corporate and Unallocated G A expenses was driven by higher headcount and salaries including personnel associated with our 2021 investments in digital and technology companies and expenses related to the divestiture of our Russia businesses, partially offset by lower current year expenses due to our annual incentive compensation programs. 
 
 Unallocated Other income (expense) 
 
 Unallocated Other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes Russia net operating profits of 44 million reclassed from KFC and Pizza Hut Division Other income due to our decision to exit Russia (see Note 19). 
 
 42 

Interest expense, net 
 
 The decrease in Interest expense, net for 2022 was primarily driven by 12 million of previously unamortized debt issuance costs written-off in the prior year due to the refinancing of our Credit Agreement and 6 million lower expense in the current year relating to the call premium and previously unamortized debt issuance costs written-off associated with the redemption of the 2025 Notes as compared to the call premium and previously unamortized debt issuance costs written-off associated with the redemption of the 2026 Notes (as discussed in our 2021 Form 10-K) in the prior year. The impact on Interest expense, net of higher borrowings was offset by a lower weighted-average interest rate on those borrowings. 

Consolidated Cash Flows 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 1,427 million in 2022 versus 1,706 million in 2021. The decrease was largely driven by an increase in incentive compensation payments, timing of spending on advertising and an increase in income tax payments. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 202 million in 2022 versus 173 million in 2021. The change was primarily driven by higher current year capital spending and lapping proceeds from our prior year sale of certain mutual fund investments, partially offset by the lapping of our prior year acquisition of Dragontail Systems Limited. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 1,323 million in 2022 versus 1,767 million in 2021. The change was primarily driven by lower share repurchases and higher current year net borrowings. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have historically generated substantial cash flows from our extensive franchise operations, which require a limited YUM investment, and from the operations of our Company-owned stores. Our annual operating cash flows have been in excess of 1.3 billion in each of the past four years and we expect that to continue to be the case in 2023. It is our intent to use these operating cash flows to continue to invest in growing our business and pay a competitive dividend, with any remaining excess then returned to shareholders through share repurchases. To the extent operating cash flows plus other sources of cash do not cover our anticipated cash needs, we maintain a 1.25 billion Revolving Facility under our Credit Agreement (see Note 11) which had 279 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We believe that our ongoing cash from operations, cash on hand, which was approximately 375 million at December 31, 2022, and availability under our Revolving Facility will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements over the next twelve months. 
 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 94 , including the impact of interest rate swaps, of our 11.6 billion of total debt outstanding, excluding the Revolving Facility balance, finance leases and debt issuance costs and discounts, is fixed with an effective overall interest rate of approximately 4.4 . We ended 2022 with a consolidated net leverage ratio of 5.0x EBITDA. We continually reassess our optimal leverage ratio to maximize shareholder returns. We target a capital structure which we believe provides an attractive balance between optimized interest rates, duration and flexibility with diversified sources of liquidity and maturities spread over multiple years. We have credit ratings of BB (Standard Poor s)/Ba2 (Moody s) with a balance sheet consistent with highly-levered peer restaurant franchise companies. 
 
 43 

The following table summarizes the future maturities of our outstanding long-term debt, excluding finance leases and debt issuance costs and discounts, as of December 31, 2022. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2037 2043 Total Securitization Notes 39 39 39 944 875 582 565 7 682 3,772 Credit Agreement 34 48 53 662 15 1,398 2,210 Revolving Facility 279 279 Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes 750 750 YUM Senior Unsecured Notes 325 800 1,050 2,100 325 275 4,875 Total 398 87 92 1,885 1,640 1,980 565 807 1,732 2,100 325 275 11,886 
 
 Interest payments on the outstanding long-term debt in the table above total approximately 3.6 billion, with approximately 500 million due within the next twelve months on the outstanding amounts on a nominal basis. The estimated interest payments related to the variable rate portion of our debt, net of our interest rate swaps, are based on current LIBOR interest rates. 
 
 See Note 11 for details on the Securitization Notes, the Credit Agreement, Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes and YUM Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 
 Operating and Finance Leases 
 
 Payments required under our operating and finance leases total 1,131 million, of which 126 million is payable within the next 12 months. These amounts are on a nominal basis and include payments related to lease renewal options we are reasonably certain to exercise. These leases relate primarily to approximately 650 Company-owned restaurants and approximately 250 leased restaurants for which we sublease land, building or both to our franchisees. See Note 12. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 We remain committed to maintaining our asset light, franchisor model that includes at least a 98 franchise mix. Our allocation strategy for capital expenditures includes: 
 
 Run-rate capital expenditures consisting of company restaurant repairs, maintenance and remodels, support of our digital and technology initiatives and project-specific capital expenditures, 
 Targeted new company unit development to spur additional growth that is largely funded through refranchising a comparable number of existing company units, and 
 Strategic investments that create incremental value for shareholders and franchisees. 
 
 In 2023, we expect that company store investments will exceed refranchising proceeds by 55 to 65 million, primarily driven by our strategy to accelerate growth of Habit Burger Grill company units and continued investments in Taco Bell company restaurants. This will result in net capital expenditures of approximately 275 million, reflecting up to 315 million of gross capital expenditures and 40 million of refranchising proceeds. 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 
 Our purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. We have excluded agreements that are cancellable without penalty. Our purchase obligations relate primarily to marketing, information technology and supply agreements. We have purchase obligations of approximately 425 million at December 31, 2022, with approximately 225 million due within the next 12 months. 
 
 In addition to our contractual and other obligations, we seek to pay a competitive dividend and return excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases. As discussed in Note 20, we are also subject to claims and contingencies related to certain tax and legal matters that may require future cash outlays. 
 
 44 

Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 
 In February 2023, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.605 per share of Common Stock, a 6 increase from the quarterly dividend of 0.57 per share of Common Stock paid in 2022. This quarterly dividend will be distributed March 10, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 22, 2023, and will total approximately 170 million. 
 
 In September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized share repurchases of up to 2 billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock through June 30, 2024. This authorization took effect during the fourth quarter of 2022 upon the exhaustion of a prior authorization approved in May 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have remaining capacity to repurchase up to 1.75 billion of Common Stock under the September 2022 authorization. This authorization does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 As discussed in Note 20, as a result of an audit by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, in August 2022, we received a Revenue Agent s Report RAR from the IRS asserting an underpayment of tax of 2.1 billion plus 418 million in penalties for the 2014 fiscal year. Additionally, interest on the underpayment is estimated to be approximately 780 million through December 31, 2022. The proposed underpayment relates primarily to a series of reorganizations we undertook during that year in connection with the business realignment of our corporate and management reporting structure along brand lines. The IRS asserts that these transactions resulted in taxable distributions of approximately 6.0 billion. 
 
 We disagree with the IRS s position as asserted in the RAR and intend to contest that position vigorously. In September 2022, we filed a Protest with the IRS Examination Division disputing on multiple grounds the proposed underpayment of tax and penalties. We are awaiting the IRS Examination Division s Rebuttal to our Protest. When that Rebuttal is filed, we intend to pursue independent review by the IRS Office of Appeals. 
 
 Also, as discussed in Note 20, on January 29, 2020, we received an order from the Special Director of the Directorate of Enforcement DOE in India imposing a penalty on Yum! Restaurants India Private Limited YRIPL of approximately Indian Rupee 11 billion, or approximately 135 million, primarily relating to alleged violations of operating conditions imposed in 1993 and 1994. We have been advised by external counsel that the order is flawed and have filed a writ petition with the Delhi High Court, which granted an interim stay of the penalty order on March 5, 2020. In November 2022, YRIPL was notified that an administrative tribunal bench had been constituted to hear an appeal by DOE of certain findings of the January 2020 order, including claims that certain charges had been wrongly dropped and that an insufficient amount of penalty had been imposed. A hearing has been scheduled with the administrative tribunal on March 14, 2023. The stay order remains in effect, and the next hearing in the Delhi High Court is scheduled for May 16, 2023. We deny liability and intend to continue vigorously defending this matter. 
 
 See the Lease Guarantees section of Note 20 for discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our reported results are impacted by the application of certain accounting policies that require us to make subjective or complex judgments. These judgments involve estimations of the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact our quarterly or annual results of operations or financial condition. Changes in the estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition and cash flows in future years. A description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies follows. 
 
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We review long-lived assets of restaurants we intend to continue operating as Company restaurants (primarily PP E, right-of-use operating lease assets and allocated intangible assets subject to amortization) annually for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable. We evaluate recoverability based on the restaurant s forecasted undiscounted cash flows, which incorporate our best estimate of sales growth and margin improvement based upon our plans for the unit and actual results at comparable restaurants. For restaurant assets that are deemed to not be recoverable, we write-down the impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value. Key assumptions in the determination of fair value are the future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which are reduced by future royalties a franchisee would pay, and a discount rate. The after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that would be used by a franchisee in the determination of a purchase price for the 
 45 

restaurant. Estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments and can be significantly impacted by changes in the business or economic conditions. 
 
 In each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 our primary indicator of potential impairment for our restaurant assets was two consecutive years of operating losses. For the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic this indicator was expanded to include restaurants that were open less than two years with cumulative operating losses for the last year or cumulative operating losses since the store open date if open less than one year. 
 
 We perform an impairment evaluation at a restaurant group level when it is more likely than not that we will refranchise restaurants as a group. Expected net sales proceeds are generally based on actual bids from the buyer, if available, or anticipated bids given the discounted projected after-tax cash flows for the group of restaurants. Historically, these anticipated bids have been reasonably accurate estimations of the proceeds ultimately received. The after-tax cash flows used in determining the anticipated bids incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement as well as expectations as to the useful lives of the restaurant assets. These after-tax cash flows also include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties we would receive under a franchise agreement with terms substantially at market entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction. 
 
 The discount rate used in the fair value calculations is our estimate of the required rate of return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant or groups of restaurants and the related long-lived assets. The discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. 
 
 We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. Fair value is an estimate of the price a willing buyer would pay for the intangible asset and is generally estimated by discounting the expected future after-tax cash flows associated with the intangible asset. Our most significant indefinite-lived intangible asset is our Habit Burger Grill brand asset with a book value of 96 million at December 31, 2022. As of our fourth quarter 2022 annual impairment testing date, the fair values of all of our indefinite-lived intangible assets were in excess of their respective carrying values and no impairment was recorded. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of our reporting units exceed their carrying values. Our reporting units are our business units (which are aligned based on geography) in our KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and Habit Burger Grill Divisions. Fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit, and is generally estimated using discounted expected future after-tax cash flows from franchise royalties and Company-owned restaurant operations, if any. Future cash flow estimates and the discount rate are the key assumptions when estimating the fair value of a reporting unit. 
 
 Future cash flows are based on growth expectations relative to recent historical performance and incorporate sales growth (from net new units or same-store sales growth) and margin improvement (for those reporting units which include Company-owned restaurant operations) assumptions that we believe a third-party buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the reporting unit. Any margin improvement assumptions that factor into the discounted cash flows are highly correlated with sales growth as cash flow growth can be achieved through various interrelated strategies such as product pricing and restaurant productivity initiatives. The discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. We believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. 
 
 The fair values of all our reporting units with goodwill balances were in excess of their respective carrying values as of our fourth quarter 2022 goodwill testing date. As it relates to our Habit Burger Grill reporting unit, which includes a goodwill balance of 66 million as of the end of 2022, the assumptions that are most impactful to our fair value estimate include future average unit volumes AUVs and restaurant unit counts. As of the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2022, the date of our annual impairment assessment, Habit s forecasted results for these key assumptions have improved from those relied upon in our March 31, 2020 interim impairment test (see Note 5), including actual unit closures following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic being lower and AUVs recovering to pre COVID levels faster than assumed in that interim impairment test. 
 
 When we refranchise restaurants, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising versus the portion of the reporting unit 
 46 

that will be retained. The fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties the franchisee will pay us associated with the franchise agreement entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction. Appropriate adjustments are made to the fair value determinations if such franchise agreement is determined to not be at prevailing market rates. When determining whether such franchise agreement is at prevailing market rates our primary consideration is consistency with the terms of our current franchise agreements both within the country that the restaurants are being refranchised in and around the world. The Company believes consistency in royalty rates as a percentage of sales is appropriate as the Company and franchisee share in the impact of near-term fluctuations in sales results with the acknowledgment that over the long-term the royalty rate represents an appropriate rate for both parties. 
 
 The discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee is reduced by future royalties the franchisee will pay the Company. The Company thus considers the fair value of future royalties to be received under the franchise agreement as fair value retained in its determination of the goodwill to be written off when refranchising. Others may consider the fair value of these future royalties as fair value disposed of and thus would conclude that a larger percentage of a reporting unit s fair value is disposed of in a refranchising transaction. 
 
 During 2022, refranchising activity completed by the Company was limited and the write-off of goodwill associated with these transactions was approximately 5 million. 
 
 Pension Plans 
 
 Certain of our employees are covered under defined benefit pension plans. Our two most significant plans are in the U.S. and combined had a projected benefit obligation PBO of 755 million and a fair value of plan assets of 664 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The PBO reflects the actuarial present value of all benefits earned to date by employees and incorporates assumptions as to future compensation levels. Due to the relatively long time frame over which benefits earned to date are expected to be paid, our PBOs are highly sensitive to changes in discount rates. For our U.S. plans, we measured our PBOs using a discount rate of 5.60 at December 31, 2022. The primary basis for this discount rate determination is a model that consists of a hypothetical portfolio of ten or more corporate debt instruments rated Aa or higher by Moody s or Standard Poor s S P with cash flows that mirror our expected benefit payment cash flows under the plans. We exclude from the model those corporate debt instruments flagged by Moody s or S P for a potential downgrade (if the potential downgrade would result in a rating below Aa by both Moody s and S P) and bonds with yields that were two standard deviations or more above the mean. In considering possible bond portfolios, the model allows the bond cash flows for a particular year to exceed the expected benefit payment cash flows for that year. Such excesses are assumed to be reinvested at appropriate one-year forward rates and used to meet the benefit payment cash flows in a future year. The weighted-average yield of this hypothetical portfolio was used to arrive at an appropriate discount rate. We also ensure that changes in the discount rate as compared to the prior year are consistent with the overall change in prevailing market rates and make adjustments as necessary. A 50 basis-point increase in this discount rate would have decreased these U.S. plans PBOs by approximately 41 million at our measurement date. Conversely, a 50 basis-point decrease in this discount rate would have increased our U.S. plans PBOs by approximately 46 million at our measurement date. 
 
 The net periodic benefit cost we will record in 2023 is also impacted by the discount rate, as well as the long-term rates of return on plan assets and mortality assumptions we selected at our measurement date. We expect net periodic benefit income for our U.S. plans of 4 million in 2023 compared to 9 million of periodic benefit cost in 2022, which represents an improvement of 13 million year-over-year. A 50 basis-point change in our discount rate assumption at our 2022 measurement date would impact our 2023 U.S. net periodic benefit cost by approximately 6 million. The impacts of changes in net periodic benefit costs are reflected primarily in Other pension (income) expense. 
 
 Our estimated long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets is based upon the weighted-average of historical and expected future returns for each asset category. Our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets, for purposes of determining 2023 pension expense, at December 31, 2022, was 6.25 , net of administrative and investment fees paid from plan assets. We believe this rate is appropriate given the composition of our plan assets and historical market returns thereon. A 100 basis point change in our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption would impact our 2023 U.S. net periodic benefit cost by approximately 8 million. Additionally, every 100 basis point variation in actual return on plan assets versus our expected return of 6.25 will impact our unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss by approximately 8 million. 
 
 47 

An increase in actuarial loss due to changes in plan assets, primarily due to 2022 asset returns, has contributed to an unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss of 70 million included in Accumulated other comprehensive income for these U.S. plans at December 31, 2022. We will recognize approximately 1 million of gain in net periodic benefit cost in 2023 versus 11 million of loss recognized in 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had valuation allowances of 458 million to reduce our 1,558 million of deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. The net deferred tax assets primarily relate to temporary differences in profitable U.S. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, the majority of which do not expire. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider future taxable income in the various jurisdictions, carryforward periods, restrictions on usage and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The estimation of future taxable income in these jurisdictions and our resulting ability to utilize deferred tax assets can significantly change based on future events, including our determinations as to feasibility of certain tax planning strategies and refranchising plans. Thus, recorded valuation allowances may be subject to material future changes. 
 
 As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in our Income tax provision when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by these tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2022, we had 128 million of unrecognized tax benefits, 82 million of which would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. We evaluate unrecognized tax benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures. 
 
 Repatriation of earnings generated after December 31, 2017, will generally be eligible for the 100 dividends received deduction or considered a distribution of previously taxed income and, therefore, exempt from U.S. federal tax. Undistributed foreign earnings may still be subject to certain state and foreign income and withholding taxes upon repatriation. Subject to limited exceptions, we do not intend to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings outside the U.S. Thus, we have provided taxes, including any U.S. federal and state income, foreign income, or foreign withholding taxes on the majority of our unremitted earnings. In jurisdictions where we do intend to indefinitely reinvest our unremitted earnings, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable income taxes (if any) and foreign withholding taxes if the funds were repatriated in taxable transactions. We believe any such taxes would be immaterial. 
 
 Ransomware Attack 
 
 On January 18, 2023, the Company announced a ransomware attack that impacted certain Information Technology IT systems. Promptly upon the detection of the incident, the Company initiated response protocols and an investigation, engaged the services of industry-leading cybersecurity and forensics professionals and notified Federal law enforcement. This incident resulted in the closure of fewer than 300 restaurants in one market for one day, and certain of the Company s IT systems and data were affected. In addition, although data was taken from our network, there is no evidence that customer databases were accessed. 
 
 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, certain expenses related to this attack, including expenses to respond to, remediate and investigate this matter. We remain subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the incident, including as a result of the data that was taken from the Company s network as noted above. While the Company s response to this incident is ongoing, at this time we do not believe such impact of the incident will ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 The Company is exposed to financial market risks associated with interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. In the normal course of business and in accordance with our policies, we manage these risks through a variety of strategies, which may include the use of financial and commodity derivative instruments to hedge our underlying exposures. Our policies prohibit the use of derivative instruments for trading purposes, and we have processes in place to monitor and control their use. 
 
 48 

Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have a market risk exposure to changes in interest rates, principally in the U.S. Our outstanding total debt, excluding the Revolving Facility balance, finance leases and debt issuance costs and discounts, of 11.6 billion includes 81 fixed-rate debt and 19 variable-rate debt. We have attempted to minimize the interest rate risk from variable-rate debt through the use of interest rate swaps that, as of December 31, 2022, result in a fixed interest rate on 1.5 billion of our variable-rate debt. As a result, approximately 94 of this 11.6 billion of outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, is effectively fixed-rate debt. See Note 11 for details on our outstanding debt and Note 13 for details related to interest rate swaps. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates would result, over the following twelve-month period after consideration of the aforementioned interest rate swaps and excluding the Revolving Facility balance, in an increase of approximately 7 million in Interest expense, net within our Consolidated Statement of Income. These estimated amounts are based upon the current level of variable-rate debt that has not been swapped to fixed and assume no changes in the volume or composition of that debt and exclude any impact from interest income related to cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 The fair value of our cumulative fixed-rate debt of 8.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, would decrease approximately 455 million as a result of the same hypothetical 100 basis-point increase. At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis-point decrease in short-term interest rates would decrease the asset associated with the fair value of our interest rate swaps by approximately 30 million. Fair value was determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved and using discount rates appropriate for the durations. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates impact the translation of our reported foreign currency denominated earnings, cash flows and net investments in foreign operations and the fair value of our foreign currency denominated financial instruments. Historically, we have chosen not to hedge foreign currency risks related to our foreign currency denominated earnings and cash flows through the use of financial instruments. In addition, we attempt to minimize the exposure related to foreign currency denominated financial instruments by purchasing goods and services from third parties in local currencies when practical. Consequently, foreign currency denominated financial instruments consist primarily of intercompany receivables and payables. At times, we utilize forward contracts and cross-currency swaps to reduce our exposure related to these intercompany receivables and payables. The notional amount and maturity dates of these contracts match those of the underlying receivables or payables such that our foreign currency exchange risk related to these instruments is minimized. 
 
 The Company s foreign currency net asset exposure (defined as foreign currency assets less foreign currency liabilities) totaled approximately 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022. Operating in international markets exposes the Company to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company s primary exposures result from our operations in Asia-Pacific, Europe and the Americas. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Operating Profit would have decreased approximately 150 million if all foreign currencies had uniformly weakened 10 relative to the U.S. dollar. This estimated reduction assumes no changes in sales volumes, local currency sales or input prices. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are subject to volatility in food costs at our Company-operated restaurants as a result of market risk associated with commodity prices. Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing is, at times, limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. We manage our exposure to this risk primarily through pricing agreements with our vendors. 
 
 Equity Investment Risk 
 
 YUM holds approximately 53 million shares of Devyani International Limited Devyani common stock (See Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, the National Stock Exchange of India Limited composite closing sales price of Devyani was Indian Rupee 180.75. A hypothetical 10 decline in the price of these shares would result in a 12 million decrease in the fair value of this investment, which would be reflected as a charge in Investment (income) expense, net within our Consolidated Statements of Income. The effects of changes in market prices for equity securities are unpredictable, which could cause significant fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results. 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Page Reference Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 58 

Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the above-listed financial statements or notes thereto. 
 50 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Yum! Brands, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Yum! Brands, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders deficit for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in the accompanying Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 51 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Evaluation of unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 As discussed in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest, of 128 million. Tax laws are complex and often subject to different interpretations by tax payers and the respective tax authorities. We identified the evaluation of the Company s unrecognized tax benefits as a critical audit matter. Subjective and complex auditor judgment was required to evaluate tax law and regulations, court rulings and audit settlements in the related taxing jurisdictions to determine the population of significant uncertain tax positions identified by the Company arising from tax planning strategies. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process for identification of uncertain tax positions. This included controls related to (1) identifying tax planning strategies that create significant uncertain tax positions, (2) evaluating interpretations of tax laws and court rulings, and (3) assessing which tax positions may not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. We involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 
 Obtaining an understanding of the Company s tax planning strategies; 
 
 Identifying tax positions created by tax planning strategies and comparing the results to the Company s identification of uncertain tax positions; 
 
 Evaluating the Company s interpretation of tax laws and court rulings by developing an independent assessment; and 
 
 Performing an independent assessment to identify tax positions that may not be sustained upon examination by the respective taxing authority and comparing the results to the Company s assessment. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997. 
 
 Louisville, Kentucky 
 February 24, 2023 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Income Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions, except per share data) 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Revenues Company sales Franchise and property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services Total revenues Costs and Expenses, Net Company restaurant expenses General and administrative expenses Franchise and property expenses Franchise advertising and other services expense Refranchising (gain) loss ) ) ) Other (income) expense Total costs and expenses, net Operating Profit Investment (income) expense, net ) ) ) Other pension (income) expense Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net Income Basic Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Dividends Declared Per Common Share See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term investment nature 
 Adjustments and gains (losses) arising during the year 
 ) ) Reclassifications of adjustments and (gains) losses into Net Income 
 ) ) Tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Changes in pension and post-retirement benefits 
 Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year 
 ) ) Reclassification of (gains) losses into Net Income 
 ) Tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) ) Changes in derivative instruments 
 Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year 
 ) Reclassification of (gains) losses into Net Income 
 ) Tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive Income See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Cash Flows Operating Activities Net Income Depreciation and amortization Impairment and closure expense Refranchising (gain) loss ) ) ) Investment (income) expense, net ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Changes in accounts and notes receivable ) ) Changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Changes in accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Changes in income taxes payable ) ) Other, net Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows Investing Activities Capital spending ) ) ) Acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, Inc., net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from sale of investment in Grubhub, Inc. common stock Proceeds from refranchising of restaurants Other, net ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) ) Cash Flows Financing Activities Proceeds from long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Revolving credit facilities, three months or less, net Short-term borrowings, by original maturity More than three months proceeds More than three months payments ) Three months or less, net Repurchase shares of Common Stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on Common Stock ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents Beginning of Year Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents End of Year See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 55 

Consolidated Balance Sheets Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Deferred income taxes Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Short-term borrowings Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Other liabilities and deferred credits Total Liabilities Shareholders Deficit Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; shares and shares issued in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit Yum! Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) Issued Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Deficit 
 Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net Income Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term investment nature Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of million) 
 Net loss on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of million) 
 ) ) Comprehensive Income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of shares of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Employee share-based award exercises ) ) Share-based compensation events Adoption of accounting standards ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net Income Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term investment nature ) ) Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of million) 
 Net gain on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of million) 
 Comprehensive Income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of shares of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Employee share-based award exercises ) ) Share-based compensation events Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net Income Translation adjustments and gains (losses) from intra-entity transactions of a long-term investment nature ) ) Pension and post-retirement benefit plans (net of tax impact of million) 
 ) ) Net gain on derivative instruments (net of tax impact of million) 
 Comprehensive Income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of shares of Common Stock ) ) ) ) Employee share-based award exercises ) ) Share-based compensation events Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular amounts in millions, except share data) 

Note 1 
 
 restaurants in more than countries and territories primarily under the concepts of KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and The Habit Burger Grill (collectively, the Concepts ). The Company s KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut brands are global leaders of the chicken, Mexican-style and pizza categories. The Habit Burger Grill is a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. At December 31, 2022, of our restaurants were owned and operated by franchisees. 
 
 Through our widely-recognized Concepts, we develop, operate or franchise a system of both traditional and non-traditional restaurants. The terms franchise or franchisee within these Consolidated Financial Statements are meant to describe third parties that operate units under either franchise or license agreements. Our traditional restaurants feature dine-in, carryout and, in some instances, drive-thru service. Non-traditional units include express units which have a more limited menu and operate in non-traditional locations like malls, airports, gasoline service stations, train stations, subways, convenience stores, stadiums, amusement parks and colleges, where a full-scale traditional outlet would not be practical or efficient. We also operate or franchise multibrand units, where two or more of our Concepts are operated in a single unit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, YUM consisted of operating segments: 
 
 The KFC Division which includes our worldwide operations of the KFC concept 
 The Taco Bell Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Taco Bell concept 
 The Pizza Hut Division which includes our worldwide operations of the Pizza Hut concept 

Note 2 
 
 million, and we are secondarily liable on certain other lease agreements that have been assigned to certain franchisees. See the Lease Guarantees section in Note 20. As our franchise arrangements provide our franchisee entities the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance, we do not consider ourselves the primary beneficiary of any such entity that might otherwise be considered a VIE. 
 
 We do not have a significant equity interest in any of our franchisee businesses except for a minority interest in an entity, Devyani International Limited Devyani ), that owns our KFC India and Pizza Hut India master franchisee rights. This minority interest does not give us the ability to significantly influence this entity. We account for our investment in Devyani as an equity security. As the fair value of this equity security is readily determinable we record changes in fair value in Investment (income) expense, net. 
 
 58 

million are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 The majority of our foreign currency net asset exposure is in countries where we have Company-owned restaurants. As we manage and share resources at the individual brand level within a country, cumulative translation adjustments are recorded and tracked at the foreign-entity level that represents the operations of our individual brands within that country. Translation adjustments recorded in AOCI are subsequently recognized as income or expense generally only upon sale of the related investment in a foreign entity, or upon a sale of assets and liabilities within a foreign entity that represents a complete or substantially complete liquidation of that foreign entity. For purposes of determining whether a sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity has occurred, we consider those same foreign entities for which we record and track cumulative translation adjustments. 
 
 Gains and losses arising from the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on transactions in foreign currency are included in Other (income) expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 effect on previously reported Net Income. 

59 

- for store-level franchise agreements. Master franchise agreements allow master franchisees to operate restaurants as well as sub-franchise restaurants within certain geographic territories. The percentage of sales that we receive for restaurants owned or sub-franchised by our master franchisees as a continuing fee is typically less than the percentage we receive for restaurants operating under a store-level franchise agreement. Based on the application of the sales-based royalty exception within Topic 606 continuing fees are recognized as the related restaurant sales occur. 
 
 Upfront franchise fees are typically billed and paid when a new franchise or sub-franchise agreement becomes effective or when an existing agreement is transferred to another franchisee or sub-franchisee. We have determined that the services we provide in exchange for upfront franchise fees, which primarily relate to pre-opening support, are highly interrelated with the franchise right and are not individually distinct from the ongoing services we provide to our franchisees. As a result, upfront franchise fees are recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise or sub-franchise agreement. Revenues for these upfront franchise fees are recognized on a straight-line basis, which is consistent with the franchisee s or sub-franchisee s right to use and benefit from the intellectual property. 
 
 Additionally, from time-to-time we provide consideration to franchisees in the form of cash (e.g. cash payments to offset new build costs) or other incentives (e.g. free or subsidized equipment) with the intent to drive new unit development or same-store sales growth that will result in higher future revenues for the Company. Such payments are capitalized and presented within Prepaid expense and other current assets or Other assets. These assets are being amortized as a reduction in Franchise and property revenues over the period of expected cash flows from the franchise agreements to which the payment relates. 
 
 Property Revenues 
 
 From time to time, we enter into rental agreements with franchisees for the lease or sublease of restaurant locations. These rental agreements typically originate from refranchising transactions and revenues related to the agreements are recognized as they are earned. Amounts owed under the rental agreements are typically billed and paid on a monthly basis. Related expenses are presented as Franchise and property expenses within our Consolidated Statements of Income and primarily include depreciation or, in the case of a sublease, rent expense. 
 
 Franchise Contributions for Advertising and Other Services 
 
 Advertising Cooperatives 
 
 We have determined we act as a principal in the transactions entered into by the advertising cooperatives we are required to consolidate based on our responsibility to define the nature of the goods or services provided and/or our commitment to pay for advertising services in advance of the related franchisee contributions. Additionally, we have determined the advertising services provided to franchisees are highly interrelated with the franchise right and therefore not distinct. Franchisees remit to these consolidated advertising cooperatives a percentage of restaurant sales as consideration for providing the advertising services. As a result, revenues for advertising services are recognized when the related franchise restaurant sales occur based on the application of the sales-based royalty exception within Topic 606. Revenues for these services are typically billed and received on a monthly basis. 
 
 Other Goods or Services 
 
 On a much more limited basis, we provide goods or services to certain franchisees that are individually distinct from the franchise right because they do not require integration with other goods or services we provide. Such arrangements typically 
 60 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 To the extent we consolidate advertising cooperatives, we incur advertising expense as a result of our obligation to spend franchisee contributions to those cooperatives (see above for our accounting for these contributions). Such advertising expense is recorded in Franchise advertising and other services expense and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At the end of each fiscal year additional advertising costs are accrued to the extent advertising revenues exceed the related advertising expense to date, as we are obligated to expend such amounts on advertising. 
 
 From time to time, we may make the decision to incur discretionary advertising expenditures on behalf of franchised restaurants. Such amounts are recorded within Franchise and property expenses and totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 million net provision and in 2021 and 2020, we recorded million and million in net recoveries, respectively. To the extent our consolidated advertising cooperatives have a provision or recovery for bad debt expense, the cooperative s advertising spend obligation is adjusted such that there is net impact within our Financial Statements. 

61 

consecutive years of operating losses as our primary indicator of potential impairment for our annual impairment testing of these restaurant assets. We evaluate the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, which are based on our entity-specific assumptions, to the carrying value of such assets. For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, we write-down an impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value, which becomes its new cost basis. Fair value is an estimate of the price a franchisee would pay for the restaurant and its related assets, including any right-of-use assets, and is determined by discounting the estimated future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which include a deduction for royalties we would receive under a franchise agreement with terms substantially at market. The after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement. The discount rate used in the fair value calculation is our estimate of the required rate of return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant and the related long-lived assets. The discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows. Individual restaurant-level impairment is recorded within Other (income) expense. Any right-of-use asset may alternatively be valued at the amount we could receive for such right-of-use asset from a third-party that is not a franchisee through a sublease if doing so would result in less overall impairment of the restaurant assets in total. 
 
 In executing our refranchising initiatives, we most often offer groups of restaurants for sale. When we believe it is more likely than not a restaurant or groups of restaurants will be refranchised for a price less than their carrying value, but do not believe the restaurant(s) have met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we review the restaurants for impairment. We evaluate the recoverability of these restaurant assets by comparing estimated sales proceeds plus holding period cash flows, if any, to the carrying value of the restaurant or group of restaurants. For restaurant assets that are not deemed to be recoverable, we recognize impairment for any excess of carrying value over the fair value of the restaurants, which is based on the expected net sales proceeds. To the extent ongoing agreements to be entered into with the franchisee simultaneous with the refranchising are expected to contain terms, such as royalty rates or rental payments, not at prevailing market rates, we consider the off-market terms in our impairment evaluation. We recognize any such impairment charges in Refranchising (gain) loss. We recognize gains on restaurant refranchisings when the sale transaction closes and control of the restaurant operations have transferred to the franchisee. 
 
 When we decide to close a restaurant, it is reviewed for impairment, which includes an estimate of sublease income that could be reasonably obtained, if any, in relation to the right-of-use operating lease asset. Additionally, depreciable lives are adjusted based on the expected disposal date. Other costs incurred when closing a restaurant such as costs of disposing of the assets as well as other facility-related expenses from previously closed stores are generally expensed as incurred. Any costs recorded upon store closure as well as any changes in estimates of sublease income or subsequent adjustments to liabilities for remaining lease obligations as a result of lease termination are recorded in Other (income) expense. To the extent we sell assets, primarily land, associated with a closed store, any gain or loss upon that sale is also recorded in Other (income) expense. 
 
 Management judgment is necessary to estimate future cash flows, including cash flows from continuing use, terminal value, sublease income and refranchising proceeds. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from our estimates. 
 
 million to establish such expected credit loss liability for our outstanding guarantees. 

62 

days of the period in which the corresponding sales occur and are classified as Accounts and notes receivable, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and are presented net of expected credit losses. Expected credit losses for uncollectible franchisee receivable balances consider both current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions. Current conditions we consider include pre-defined aging criteria as well as specified events that indicate we may not collect the balance due. Reasonable and supportable forecasts used in determining the probability of future collection consider publicly available data regarding default probability. While we use the best information available in making our determination, the ultimate recovery of recorded receivables is dependent upon future 
 63 

million and million of net bad debt expense in 2022 and 2020, respectively, and million of net bad debt recoveries in 2021, within Franchise and property expenses related to continuing fees, initial fees and rent receivables from our franchisees. 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts and notes receivable, net 
 
 Our financing receivables primarily consist of notes receivables and direct financing leases with franchisees which we enter into from time-to-time. As these receivables primarily relate to our ongoing business agreements with franchisees, we consider such receivables to have similar risk characteristics and evaluate them as one collective portfolio segment and class for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts. Balances of notes receivable and direct financing leases due within year are included in Accounts and notes receivable, net while amounts due beyond year are included in Other assets. Amounts included in Other assets totaled million (net of an allowance of less than million) and million (net of an allowance of less than million) at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Financing receivables that are ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, and for which collection efforts have been exhausted, are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest income recorded on financing receivables has historically been insignificant. 
 
 to years for buildings and leasehold improvements and to years for machinery and equipment. We suspend depreciation and amortization on assets that are held for sale. 
 
 64 

years of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquired restaurant(s) is written off in its entirety. If the restaurant is refranchised years or more subsequent to its acquisition, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. The fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which includes a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties the franchisee will pay us associated with the franchise agreement entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transition. The fair value of the reporting unit retained is based on the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit and includes the value of franchise agreements. Appropriate adjustments are made if a franchise agreement includes terms that are determined to not be at prevailing market rates. As such, the fair value of the reporting unit retained can include expected future cash flows from royalties from those restaurants currently being refranchised, royalties from existing franchise businesses and company restaurant operations. As a result, the percentage of a reporting unit s goodwill that will be written off in a refranchising transaction will be less than the percentage of the reporting unit s Company-owned restaurants that are refranchised in that transaction and goodwill can be allocated to a reporting unit with only franchise restaurants. 
 
 We evaluate the remaining useful life of an intangible asset that is not being amortized each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life. If an intangible asset that is not being amortized is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, we amortize the intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. Intangible assets that are deemed to have a finite life are amortized on a straight-line basis to their residual value. 
 
 We evaluate our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate impairments might exist. We perform our annual test for impairment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets at the beginning of our fourth quarter. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is greater than its carrying value. If a qualitative assessment is not performed, or if as a result of a qualitative assessment it is not more likely than not that the fair 
 65 

to years upon initial capitalization. 

par or stated value. Accordingly, we record the full value of share repurchases, or other deductions to Common Stock such as shares cancelled upon employee share-based award exercises, upon the trade date, against Common Stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheet except when to do so would result in a negative balance in such Common Stock account. In such instances, on a period basis, we record the cost of any further share repurchases or other deductions to Common Stock as an addition to Accumulated deficit. Due to the large number of share repurchases of our stock over the past several years, our Common Stock balance is frequently zero at the end of any period. Accordingly, million, million and million in share repurchases in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were recorded as an addition to Accumulated deficit. See Note 17 for additional information on our share repurchases. 
 
 66 

Note 3 - 
 
 company-owned KFC restaurants in Russia and began finalizing an agreement to suspend all Pizza Hut operations in Russia, in partnership with our master franchisee. Further, we pledged to redirect any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts. 
 
 During the second quarter, we completed the transfer of ownership of the Pizza Hut Russia business to a local operator who has initiated the process of re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept. 
 
 In October 2022, we announced that we entered into a sale and purchase agreement to transfer ownership of our KFC Russia restaurants, operating system and master franchise rights, including the network of KFC Russia franchised restaurants, to Smart Service Ltd., a business operated by one of our existing KFC franchisees in Russia. Under the agreement, the buyer will be responsible for re-branding locations to a non-YUM concept and retaining the Company s employees in Russia. Completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory and governmental approvals, as well as other conditions agreed to by the parties. Following the completion of the transaction, we will have ceased our corporate presence in Russia. Total KFC Russia assets held for sale of million and total KFC Russia liabilities held for sale of million are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Accounts payable and other current liabilities, respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we determined the carrying value of the KFC Russia asset group was recoverable based on expected sale proceeds. 
 
 Our GAAP operating results presented herein reflect revenues from and expenses to support the Russian operations for Pizza Hut, prior to the date of transfer, and KFC, for the entirety of the year ended December 31, 2022, within their historical financial statement line items and operating segments. However, given our decision to exit Russia and our pledge to direct any future net profits attributable to Russia subsequent to the date of invasion to humanitarian efforts, we reclassed such resulting net profits from the Division segment results in which they were earned to Unallocated Other income. 
 
 Dragontail Systems Acquisition 
 
 On September 7, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Dragontail Systems Limited Dragontail ). The Dragontail acquisition advances our digital capabilities and its AI-based integrated kitchen order management and delivery technologies are intended to strengthen store operations, enhance the customer experience and make it easier for team members to run a restaurant. Total cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was million, net of cash acquired of million. This net consideration was classified within Other, net cash flows from investing activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 67 

million and amortizable intangible assets of million. The amortizable intangible assets, which consist of software, have an estimated weighted average useful life of years. The goodwill recorded resulted from synergies expected to be achieved through leveraging our scale and resources to enhance these technologies and deploy them globally to our brands and franchisees over time. Goodwill recognized from the Dragontail acquisition is non-deductible for tax purposes and has been allocated to our reporting units within the Pizza Hut Division operating segment that are expected to most benefit from the Dragontail acquisition. 
 
 The financial results of Dragontail have been included in our Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition but did not significantly impact our results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The pro forma impact on our results of operations if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of 2020 would not have been significant. The direct transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 
 Habit Burger Grill Acquisition 
 
 On March 18, 2020, we completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of The Habit Restaurants, Inc. As of the date of acquisition, The Habit Restaurants, Inc. operated company-owned and franchised Habit Burger Grill restaurants across the U.S. and in China, offering a flavor-forward variety of made-to-order items chargrilled over an open flame. We expect Habit Burger Grill to benefit from the global scale and resources of YUM and that the acquisition will accelerate and diversify YUM s growth. 
 
 Total cash consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was million, net of acquired cash of million. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill of million was recorded as a result of the acquisition. See Note 5 for discussion of a subsequent Habit Burger Grill goodwill impairment. The pro forma impact on our results of operations if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of 2019 would not have been significant. 

Note 4 
 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding (for basic calculation) Effect of dilutive share-based employee compensation Weighted-average common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding (for diluted calculation) Basic EPS Diluted EPS Unexercised employee stock options and stock appreciation rights (in millions) excluded from the diluted EPS computation (a) 

(a) 

Note 5 

68 

, and restaurants, respectively. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we sold certain restaurant assets associated with existing franchise restaurants to the franchisee. We received million, million and million in pre-tax cash refranchising proceeds in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as a result of the sales of these restaurants and restaurant assets. In 2020, we also received as refranchising proceeds minority interests in Devyani International Limited Devyani ), as discussed further below. At the time of the refranchisings, these minority interests had fair values estimated to be million. ) ) Taco Bell Division ) ) ) Pizza Hut Division ) Habit Burger Grill Division ) ) Worldwide ) ) ) 
 
 Resource Optimization 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded charges of million to General and administrative expenses and million to Other (income) expense related to a resource optimization program initiated in the third quarter of 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded charges of million to General and administrative expenses and million to Other (income) expense and we recorded a credit of million to Other pension (income) expense related to this resource optimization program. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded charges of million to General and administrative expenses and million to Other pension (income) expense related to this resource optimization program. 
 
 This program is part of our efforts to optimize our resources, reallocating them toward critical areas of the business that will drive future growth. These critical areas include accelerating our digital, technology and innovation capabilities to deliver a modern, world-class team member and customer experience and improve unit economics. The charges incurred as a result of this program have primarily resulted from severance associated with positions that have been eliminated or relocated and, in 2020, a voluntary retirement program offered to our U.S. based employees. Due to their scope and size, these costs were not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes. 
 
 Investment in Devyani 
 
 In 2020, we received an approximate minority interest in Devyani, an entity that owns our KFC India and Pizza Hut India master franchisee rights. The minority interest was received in lieu of cash proceeds upon the refranchising of approximately KFC restaurants in India. At the time of the refranchisings, the fair value of this minority interest was estimated to be approximately million. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of this investment became readily determinable. As a result, concurrent with the initial public offering we began recording changes in fair value in Investment (income) expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income and recognized pre-tax investment income of million and million, in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 14). 
 
 Long-term Debt Redemptions 
 
 On February 23, 2022, the Company issued a notice of redemption for April 1, 2022, for million aggregate principal amount of YUM Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2025. The redemption amount was equal to of the million aggregate principal amount redeemed, reflecting a million call premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the notes within Interest expense, net. 
 
 On April 23, 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company issued a notice of redemption for June 1, 2021, for million aggregate principal amount of Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2026. The redemption amount was equal to of the million aggregate principal amount redeemed, reflecting a million call premium. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the notes within Interest expense, net. 
 69 

million aggregate principal amount of Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2024. The redemption amount included a million call premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption of October 9, 2020. We recorded the call premium, million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the notes and million of accrued and unpaid interest associated with the period of time from prepayment of the notes with the trustee on September 25, 2020, to their redemption date within Interest expense, net. 
 
 See Note 11 for further discussion of the YUM and Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 
 Income Tax Matters 
 
 On July 22, 2020, the United Kingdom UK Finance Act 2020 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from to . As a result, in the year ended December 31, 2020, we remeasured the related deferred tax assets originally recorded as part of a 2019 intercompany restructuring of certain intellectual property IP rights into the UK. Those deferred tax assets originally arose as a result of a step-up in amortizable tax basis of those IP rights to current fair value under applicable UK law and we recognized a million deferred tax benefit upon remeasurement. 
 
 On June 10, 2021, the UK Finance Act 2021 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate income tax rate from to . As a result, in the year ended December 31, 2021, we remeasured the related deferred tax assets originally recorded as described above and recognized an additional million deferred tax benefit. 
 
 In July 2021, we concentrated management responsibility for European (excluding the UK) KFC franchise development, support operations and management oversight in Switzerland (the KFC Europe Reorganization ). Concurrent with this change in management responsibility, we completed intra-entity transfers of certain KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the UK to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis of those IP rights to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time deferred tax benefit of million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In December 2021, we continued our KFC Europe Reorganization and completed intra-entity transfers of additional European KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the U.S. to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these additional IP rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value of those IP rights under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time deferred tax benefit of million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The above referenced matters contributed to effective tax rates of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 18. 
 
 Unlocking Opportunity Initiative 
 
 On June 24, 2020, the Yum! Brands, Inc. Board of Directors approved the establishment of the Company s new global Unlocking Opportunity Initiative including a million investment over the following five years to fight inequality by unlocking opportunities for employees, restaurant team members and communities. The Company contributed million in the second quarter of 2020 to Yum! Brands Foundation, Inc. (a stand-alone, not-for-profit organization that is not consolidated in the Company s results) as part of these efforts and investment. As a result of the size and specific nature of this contribution the associated General and administrative expense was not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes. 
 
 Habit Burger Grill Impairment 
 
 During the first quarter of 2020, the operations of substantially all Habit Burger Grill restaurants were impacted by COVID-19. As a result, we performed an interim impairment test of the Habit Burger Grill reporting unit goodwill as of March 31, 2020. This test of impairment included comparing the estimated fair value of the Habit Burger Grill reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill, as originally determined through our preliminary purchase price allocation. The fair value estimate of the Habit Burger Grill reporting unit was based on the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit and was determined using an income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis using unobservable inputs (Level 3). The most impactful of these inputs included future average unit volumes of Habit Burger Grill restaurants as well as restaurant unit counts. The fair value was determined based upon a probability-weighted average of three scenarios, which included assumed recovery of Habit Burger Grill average unit volumes to a pre COVID-19 level over periods ranging from the beginning of 
 70 

million to Other (income) expense and a corresponding income tax benefit of million. As a result of its size and nature, this impairment charge was not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes and was recorded to Unallocated Other expense. 
 
 COVID-19 Relief 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a charge of million related to a contribution made to Yum! Brands Foundation, Inc. expected to fund past and anticipated payments for COVID-19 relief provided to restaurant-level employees within the YUM system diagnosed with COVID-19 or acting as the primary caregiver for someone diagnosed with COVID-19. As a result of the size and specific nature of this contribution the associated General and administrative expense was not allocated to any of our segment operating results for performance reporting purposes. 
 
 Investment in Grubhub, Inc. Grubhub 
 
 million shares of Grubhub common stock for million. In the quarter ended September 30, 2020, we sold our entire investment in Grubhub and received proceeds of million. While we held our investment in Grubhub common stock we recognized changes in the fair value in our investment in our Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized pre-tax investment income of million. 

Note 6 
 
 Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services China Franchise revenues Other Company sales Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 
 
 71 

Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services China Franchise revenues Other Company sales Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 
 
 2020 
 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Total U.S. Company sales Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services China Franchise revenues Other Company sales Franchise revenues Property revenues Franchise contributions for advertising and other services 
 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 Our contract liabilities are comprised of unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees and are presented within Accounts payable and other current liabilities and Other liabilities and deferred credits on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. A summary of significant changes to the contract liability balance during 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 
 72 

Revenue recognized that was included in unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees at the beginning of the period ) Increase for upfront fees associated with contracts that became effective during the period, net of amounts recognized as revenue during the period Other (a) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Revenue recognized that was included in unamortized upfront fees received from franchisees at the beginning of the period ) Increase for upfront fees associated with contracts that became effective during the period, net of amounts recognized as revenue during the period Deferred franchise fees related to KFC Russia reclassified to liabilities held for sale (see Note 3) 
 ) Other (a) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years 3 - 4 years 4 - 5 years Thereafter Total 
 
 We have applied the optional exemption, as provided for under Topic 606, which allows us to not disclose the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations when the transaction price is a sales-based royalty. 

Note 7 
 Income taxes Significant Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Non-cash refranchising proceeds (b) 
 Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents to Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Cash and cash equivalents as presented in Consolidated Balance Sheets Restricted cash included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets (c) 
 220 250 258 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in Other assets (d) 
 35 35 36 Cash and restricted cash related to KFC Russia included in assets held for sale (see Note 3) 
 25 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash as presented in Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 73 

million in 2022 and million in both 2021 and 2020 classified as Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income which are included in Repayments of long-term debt within financing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (see Note 11). 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Note 8 Impairment and closure expense (a) 
 Other ) ) Other (income) expense 
 
 (a) million related to the impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (see Note 5). 

Note 9 
 
 Restricted cash Assets held for sale (a) 
 Other prepaid expenses and current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Buildings and improvements Finance leases, primarily buildings Machinery, equipment and other Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to PP E was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 74 

Investment in Devyani International Limited Other Other assets 
 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued advertising Operating lease liabilities 79 88 Accrued interest Liabilities held for sale (a) 
 Other current liabilities Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 
 (a) million, including property, plant and equipment of million, of the million, while KFC Russia liabilities held for sale accounted for all of the million as of December 31, 2022. 

Note 10 
 
 Acquisitions Disposals and other, net (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Dragontail Systems acquisition (See Note 3) 
 Goodwill, net as of December 31, 2021 (a) 
 Disposals and other, net (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Goodwill, net as of December 31, 2022 (a) 

(a) million of accumulated impairment losses related to our Habit Burger Grill segment and million of accumulated impairment losses related to our Pizza Hut segment for each year presented. 
 
 (b) 
 
 75 

) ) Reacquired franchise rights ) ) Franchise contract rights ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets KFC trademark 
 Habit Burger Grill brand asset 
 
 Amortization expense for all finite-lived intangible assets was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets is expected to approximate million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, KFC Russia finite-lived intangible assets of million have been classified as held for sale and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet (see Note 3) and thus are not included in the table above. 

Note 11 
 
 Less current portion of debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Short-term borrowings Long-term Debt Securitization Notes Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes Revolving Facility Term Loan A Facility Term Loan B Facility YUM Senior Unsecured Notes Finance lease obligations (See Note 12) 
 57 64 Less long-term portion of debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Less current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Securitization Notes 
 
 T aco Bell Funding, LLC (the Issuer ), a special purpose limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Taco Bell Corp. TBC through a series of securitization transactions has issued fixed rate senior secured notes collectively referred to as the Securitization Notes . 
 76 

November 2018 November 2028 August 2021 February 2027 August 2021 February 2029 August 2021 August 2031 
 
 (a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 The Securitization Notes were issued in transactions pursuant to which certain of TBC s domestic assets, consisting principally of franchise-related agreements and domestic intellectual property, were contributed to the Issuer and the Issuer s special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Guarantors , and collectively with the Issuer, the Securitization Entities to secure the Securitization Notes. The Securitization Notes are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Securitization Entities, and include a lien on all existing and future U.S. Taco Bell franchise and license agreements and the royalties payable thereunder, existing and future U.S. Taco Bell intellectual property, certain transaction accounts and a pledge of the equity interests in asset owning Securitization Entities. The remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets that were excluded from the transfers to the Securitization Entities continue to be held by Taco Bell of America, LLC TBA and TBC. The Securitization Notes are not guaranteed by the remaining U.S. Taco Bell assets, the Company, or any other subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Payments of interest and principal on the Securitization Notes are made from the continuing fees paid pursuant to the franchise and license agreements with all U.S. Taco Bell restaurants, including both company and franchise operated restaurants. Interest on and principal payments of the Securitization Notes are due on a basis. In general, unless 
 
 The Securitization Notes are subject to a series of covenants and restrictions customary for transactions of this type, including (i) that the Issuer maintains specified reserve accounts to be available to make required interest payments in respect of the Securitization Notes, (ii) provisions relating to optional and mandatory prepayments and the related payment of specified amounts, including specified make-whole payments in the case of the Securitization Notes under certain circumstances, (iii) certain indemnification payments relating to taxes, enforcement costs and other customary items and (iv) covenants relating to recordkeeping, access to information and similar matters. The Securitization Notes are also subject to rapid amortization events provided for in the indenture, including events tied to failure to maintain a stated , gross domestic sales for U.S. Taco Bell restaurants being below certain levels on certain measurement dates, a manager termination event, an event of default and the failure to repay or refinance the Securitization Notes on the Anticipated Repayment Date (subject to limited cure rights). . . 
 
 In accordance with the indenture, certain cash accounts have been established with the indenture trustee for the benefit of the note holders, and are restricted in their use. The indenture requires a certain amount of securitization cash flow collections to be allocated on a weekly basis and maintained in a cash reserve account. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had restricted cash of 85 million primarily related to required interest reserves included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the 
 77 

. The amount of weekly securitization cash flow collections that exceed the required weekly allocations is generally remitted to the Company. . 
 
 Term Loan Facilities, Revolving Facility and Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 KFC Holding Co., Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, and TBA, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as co-borrowers (the Borrowers have entered into a credit agreement providing for senior secured credit facilities and a billion revolving facility maturing March 15, 2026 (the Revolving Facility ). The senior secured credit facilities, which include a Term Loan A Facility and a Term Loan B Facility, and the Revolving Facility are collectively referred to as the Credit Agreement . Additionally, the Borrowers through a series of transactions have issued Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes (collectively referred to as the Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes ). 
 
 The following table summarizes borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement, excluding the Revolving Facility, as well as our Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022. There were million in outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility and million of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (a) Term Loan B Facility March 2021 March 2028 (a) Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes June 2017 June 2027 
 
 (a) The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan A Facility as well as the Revolving Facility range from to plus LIBOR or from to plus the Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), at the Borrowers election, based upon the total leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate spreads on the LIBOR and Base Rate applicable to our Term Loan A Facility were and , respectively. 
 
 The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan B Facility are plus LIBOR or plus the Base Rate, at the Borrowers election. 
 
 (b) 
 
 The Term Loan A Facility is subject to amortization payments in an amount equal to of the principal amount of the facility as of the issuance date of million. These quarterly amortization payments increase to of this principal amount beginning with the second quarter of 2024 with the balance payable at maturity on March 15, 2026. 
 
 The Term Loan B Facility is subject to amortization payments in an amount equal to of the principal amount of the facility as of the issuance date of billion, with the balance payable at maturity on March 15, 2028. 
 
 The Credit Agreement is unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and certain of the Borrowers principal domestic subsidiaries and excludes Taco Bell Funding LLC and its special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiaries (see above). The Credit Agreement is also secured by first priority liens on substantially all assets of the Borrowers and each subsidiary guarantor, excluding the stock of certain subsidiaries and certain real property, and subject to other customary exceptions. 
 
 78 

. 
 
 The Credit Agreement includes two financial maintenance covenants which and a , each as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Credit Agreement includes other affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are customary for facilities of this type. The Credit Agreement contains, among other things, limitations on certain additional indebtedness and liens, and certain other transactions specified in the agreement. . 
 
 The Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by (i) the Company, (ii) the Specified Guarantors (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (iii) by each of the Borrower s and the Specified Guarantors domestic subsidiaries that guarantees the Borrower s obligations under the Credit Agreement, except for any of the Company s foreign subsidiaries. The indenture governing the Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes contains covenants and events of default that are customary for debt securities of this type. . 
 
 YUM Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 The majority of our remaining long-term debt primarily comprises YUM Senior Unsecured Notes. 
 
 October 2013 November 2023 October 2013 November 2043 September 2019 January 2030 September 2020 March 2031 April 2021 January 2032 April 2022 April 2032 
 
 (a) Includes the effects of the amortization of any (1) premium or discount; (2) debt issuance costs; and (3) gain or loss upon settlement of related treasury locks and forward starting interest rate swaps utilized to hedge the interest rate risk prior to debt issuance. 
 
 On February 23, 2022, Yum! Brands, Inc. issued a notice of redemption for million aggregate principal amount of YUM Senior Unsecured Notes due April 1, 2025 (the 2025 Notes ). The 2025 Notes were redeemed on April 1, 2022, at an amount equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes, reflecting a million call premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. We recognized the call premium and the write-off of million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2025 Notes within Interest expense, net in the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Also on April 1, 2022, Yum! Brands, Inc. issued billion aggregate principal amount of YUM Senior Unsecured Notes due April 1, 2032 (the April 2032 Notes ). Interest on the April 2032 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October 1, 2022. . The Company paid debt issuance costs of million in connection with the April 2032 Notes. The debt issuance costs will be amortized to Interest expense, net over the life of the April 2032 Notes using the effective interest method. We used the net proceeds from the April 2032 Notes to fund the redemption of the 2025 Notes discussed above and for general corporate purposes. 
 79 

. 
 
 The annual maturities of all Short-term borrowings and Long-term debt as of December 31, 2022, excluding finance lease obligations of 57 million and debt issuance costs and discounts of million are as follows: 
 
 Year ended: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 12 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Total finance lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases (a) 
 Finance leases Operating lease liabilities transferred through refranchising ) ) ) Finance lease and other debt obligations transferred through refranchising ) ) 
 
 (a) The year ended December 31, 2020, includes right-of-use assets acquired as part of the acquisition of Habit Burger Grill of million. 
 
 80 

Liabilities Current Operating 
 79 88 Accounts payable and other current liabilities Finance 
 8 7 Short-term borrowings Non-current Operating 
 731 793 Other liabilities and deferred credits Finance 
 49 57 Long-term debt Total lease liabilities (a) 
 Weighted-average Remaining Lease Term (in years) Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 Weighted-average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. These amounts primarily related to Taco Bell U.S. and the Habit Burger Grill including leases related to Company-operated restaurants, leases related to franchise-operated restaurants we sublease and the Taco Bell and Habit Burger Grill restaurant support center. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, KFC Russia operating and finance lease right-of-use assets of 25 million and 3 million , respectively, have been classified as held for sale and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet (see Note 3). The associated KFC Russia operating and finance lease liabilities of 25 million and 3 million , respectively, have also been classified as held for sale and are included in Accounts payable and other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Such amounts are not reflected in the Supplemental Balance Sheet Information above. 
 
 Maturity of Lease Payments and Receivables 

81 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments/receipts Less imputed interest/unearned income ) ) ) Total lease liabilities/receivables 810 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have executed real estate leases that have not yet commenced with estimated future nominal lease payments of approximately million, which are not included in the tables above. These leases are expected to commence in 2023, 2024 and 2025 with lease terms of up to years. 

Note 13 - 
 
 billion of combined borrowings under our Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities from July 2021 through March 2025. These interest rate swaps result in fixed rates of and on the swapped portion of the Term Loan A and Term Loan B Facilities, respectively. These interest rate swaps are designated cash flow hedges as the changes in the future cash flows of the swaps are expected to offset changes in expected future interest payments on the related variable-rate debt. There were other interest rate swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Gains or losses on the interest rate swaps are reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into Interest expense, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the same period or periods during which the related hedged interest payments affect earnings. Through December 31, 2022, the swaps were highly effective cash flow hedges. 
 
 ) Income tax benefit/(expense) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated net gain included in AOCI related to our interest rate swaps that will be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months is million, based on current LIBOR interest rates. 
 
 Total Return Swaps 
 
 Beginning in 2021, we have entered into total return swap derivative contracts, with the objective of reducing our exposure to market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities associated with compensation deferrals into our EID plan. While these total return swaps represent economic hedges, we have not designated them as hedges for accounting purposes. As a result, the changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings within General and administrative 
 82 

million. These proceeds have been classified within Other, net cash flows from investing activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The fair value associated with the total return swaps as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, was not significant. 
 
 As a result of the use of derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to risk that the counterparties will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate the counterparty credit risk, we only enter into contracts with major financial institutions carefully selected based upon their credit ratings and other factors, and continually assess the creditworthiness of counterparties. At December 31, 2022, all of the counterparties to our derivative instruments had investment grade ratings according to the three major ratings agencies. To date, all counterparties have performed in accordance with their contractual obligations. 
 
 See Note 14 for the fair value of our derivative assets and liabilities. 

Note 14 

Subsidiary Senior Unsecured Notes (b) 
 Term Loan A Facility (b) 
 Term Loan B Facility (b) 
 YUM Senior Unsecured Notes (b) 
 
 (a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company has interest rate swaps and investments, all of which are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis (see Note 13 for discussion regarding derivative instruments). 
 83 

Investments Other assets 3 Interest Rate Swaps Prepaid expenses and other current assets 2 Interest Rate Swaps Other assets 2 Liabilities Interest Rate Swaps 
 Accounts Payable and other current liabilities 2 Interest Rate Swaps Other liabilities and deferred credits 2 
 
 The fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps were determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows considering the risks involved, including nonperformance risk, and using discount rates appropriate for the duration based on observable inputs. 
 
 Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, primarily include our approximate minority interest in Devyani with a fair value of million and million, respectively. On August 16, 2021, Devyani executed an initial public offering and subsequently the fair value of these equity securities became readily determinable (see Note 5). Prior to the initial public offering the fair value of these equity securities was not readily determinable and we applied the measurement alternative in accordance with ASC Topic 321, Investments - Equity Securities. 
 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized non-recurring fair value measurements of 9 million , 4 million and 12 million , respectively, related to restaurant-level impairment. Restaurant-level impairment charges are recorded in Other (income) expense and resulted primarily from our impairment evaluation of long-lived assets of individual restaurants that were being operated at the time of impairment and had not been offered for refranchising. The fair value measurements used in these impairment evaluations were based on discounted cash flow estimates using unobservable inputs (Level 3). These amounts exclude fair value measurements made for assets that were subsequently disposed of prior to those respective year end dates. The remaining net book value of restaurant assets measured at fair value during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we also recognized impairment charges related to our Habit Burger Grill reporting unit. See Note 5. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized non-recurring fair value measurements of million related to refranchising related impairment. Refranchising related impairment results from writing down the assets of restaurants or restaurant groups offered for refranchising, including certain instances where a decision has been made to refranchise restaurants that are deemed to be impaired. The fair value measurements used in our impairment evaluation were based on actual bids received from potential buyers (Level 2). The remaining net book value of these restaurants at December 31, 2021, was approximately million. 

Note 15 
 
 84 

Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments 
 Benefits paid ) ) Settlement payments ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 A significant component of the overall decrease in the Company s benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022, was due to an actuarial gain, which was primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure our benefit obligation from at December 31, 2021 to at December 31, 2022. 
 
 A significant component of the overall decrease in the Company s benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to settlement payments, which were primarily related to a resource optimization program initiated in the third quarter of 2020 (see Note 5). 
 2022 2021 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlement payments ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) 
 Accrued benefit liability - current ) ) Accrued benefit liability - non-current ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 85 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost 
 Additional (gain) loss recognized due to: 
 
 Settlement charges (b) 
 Special termination benefits 

(a) 
 
 (b) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) ) Amortization of net loss Amortization of prior service cost Prior service cost ) Settlement charges End of year ) ) ) Prior service cost ) ) ) ) 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 86 

Long-term rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Our estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets represents the weighted-average of expected future returns on the asset categories included in our target investment allocation based primarily on the historical returns for each asset category and future growth expectations. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 Cash Equivalents (a) 
 Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Corporate (b) 
 Level 2: Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Corporate (c) 
 Fixed Income Securities - U.S. Government and Government Agencies (d) 
 Fixed Income Securities - Other (d) 
 Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Investments measured at net asset value (e) 
 Fixed Income Equity Securities Real Assets Total fair value of plan assets (f) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e) 
 
 (f) 2022 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Our primary objectives regarding the investment strategy for the Plan s assets are to reduce interest rate and market risk and to provide adequate liquidity to meet immediate and future payment requirements. To achieve these objectives, we are using a combination of active and passive investment strategies. 
 
 87 

Equity securities Real assets 
 
 In addition to allocation differences between target percentages and actual plan assets at December 31, 2022, allocations to each asset class may vary from target allocations due to periodic investment strategy changes, market value fluctuations, the length of time it takes to fully implement investment allocation positions and the timing of benefit payments and contributions. 
 
 Fixed income securities at December 31, 2022, primarily consist of a diversified portfolio of long duration instruments that are intended to mitigate interest rate risk or reduce the interest rate duration mismatch between the assets and liabilities of the Plan. A smaller allocation (constituting of the fixed income target allocation) is to diversified credit investments in a range of public and credit securities, including below investment grade rated bonds and loans, securitized credit and emerging market debt. 
 
 Equity securities at December 31, 2022, consist primarily of investments in publicly traded common stocks and other equity-type securities issued by companies throughout the world, including convertible securities, preferred stock, rights and warrants. 
 
 Real assets represent investments in real estate and infrastructure. These may take the form of debt or equity securities in public or private funds. 
 
 A mutual fund held as an investment by the Plan includes shares of Common Stock valued at million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (less than of total plan assets in each instance). 
 
 Benefit Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 
 Expected benefit payments are estimated based on the same assumptions used to measure our benefit obligation on the measurement date and include benefits attributable to estimated future employee service. 
 
 International Pension Plans 
 
 We also sponsor various defined benefit plans covering certain of our non-U.S. employees, the most significant of which are in the UK. Both of our UK plans have previously been frozen such that they are closed to new participants and existing participants can no longer earn future service credits. 
 
 At the end of 2022 and 2021, the projected benefit obligations of these UK plans totaled million and million, respectively and plan assets totaled million and million, respectively. These plans were both in a net overfunded position at the end of 2022 and 2021. Total actuarial pre-tax losses related to the UK plans of million and million were recognized in AOCI at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total net periodic benefit income recorded was million in 2022 and was less than million in both 2021 and 2020. 
 
 88 

million and million, respectively. Actuarial pre-tax gains of million and million were recognized in AOCI at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net periodic benefit cost recorded was million in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, the majority of which is interest cost on the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and net periodic benefit cost for the post-retirement medical plan are identical to those as shown for the U.S. pension plans. 
 
 The benefits expected to be paid in each of the next five years are approximately million and in aggregate for the five years thereafter are million. 
 
 U.S. Retiree Savings Plan 
 
 We sponsor a contributory plan to provide retirement benefits under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the 401(k) Plan for eligible U.S. salaried and hourly employees. Participants are able to elect to contribute up to of eligible compensation on a pre-tax basis. Participants may allocate their contributions to one or any combination of multiple investment options or a self-managed account within the 401(k) Plan. We match of the participant s contribution to the 401(k) Plan up to of eligible compensation. We recognized as compensation expense our total matching contribution of million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

Note 16 
 
 to five years. Stock options and SARs generally expire ten years after grant. At year end 2022, approximately million shares were available for future share-based compensation grants under the LTIP. 
 
 Our EID Plan allows participants to defer receipt of a portion of their annual salary and all or a portion of their incentive compensation. As defined by the EID Plan, we credit the amounts deferred with earnings based on the investment options selected by the participants. These investment options are limited to cash, phantom shares of our Common Stock, phantom shares of a Stock Index Fund and phantom shares of a Bond Index Fund. Investments in cash and phantom shares of both index funds will be distributed in cash at a date as elected by the employee and therefore are classified as a liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize compensation expense for the appreciation or the depreciation, if any, of investments in cash and both of the index funds. Deferrals into the phantom shares of our Common Stock will be distributed in shares of our Common Stock, under the LTIP, at a date as elected by the employee and therefore are classified in Common Stock on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not recognize compensation expense for the appreciation or the depreciation, if any, of investments in phantom shares of our Common Stock. Our EID plan also allows certain participants to defer incentive compensation to purchase phantom shares of our Common Stock and receive a Company match on the amount deferred. Deferrals receiving a match are similar to an RSU award in that participants will generally forfeit both the match and incentive compensation amounts deferred if they voluntarily separate from employment during a vesting period that 
 89 

Expected term years years years Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 
 Grants made to executives typically have a graded vesting schedule of per year over four years and expire ten years after grant. We use a single weighted-average term for our awards that have a graded vesting schedule. Based on analysis of our historical exercise and post-vesting termination behavior, we have determined that our executives exercised the awards on average after years. 
 
 When determining expected volatility, we consider both historical volatility of our stock as well as implied volatility associated with our publicly-traded options. The expected dividend yield is based on the annual dividend yield at the time of grant. 
 
 The fair values of PSU awards without market-based conditions and RSU awards are based on the closing price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair values of PSU awards with market-based conditions have been valued based on the outcome of a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 
 Award Activity 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at the end of the year (a) 
 Exercisable at the end of the year 
 
 90 

options and SARs with weighted average exercise prices of and , respectively. Outstanding awards represent YUM awards held by employees of both YUM and Yum China. 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options and SARs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options and SARs exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and SARs, which will be reduced by any forfeitures that occur, is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. The total fair value at grant date of awards held by YUM employees that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 (including Yum China awards that became fully vested in 2020) was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 RSUs and PSUs 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to million unvested RSUs and PSUs. The total fair value at grant date of awards that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Impact on Net Income 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units Total Share-based Compensation Expense 
 Deferred Tax Benefit recognized 
 
 Cash received from stock option exercises for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Tax benefits realized on our tax returns from tax deductions associated with share-based compensation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and million, respectively. 

Note 17 
 
 May 2021 November 2019 Total (a) 
 (a) 
 (a) 
 (a) 

(a) million in share repurchases million shares) with trade dates on, or prior to, December 31, 2020, but settlement dates subsequent to December 31, 2020. 
 
 91 

billion (excluding applicable transaction fees) of our outstanding Common Stock through June 30, 2024. The new authorization took effect during the fourth quarter of 2022 upon the exhaustion of a prior authorization approved in May 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have remaining capacity to repurchase up to billion of Common Stock under the September 2022 authorization. ) ) ) OCI, net of tax Gains (losses) arising during the year classified into AOCI, net of tax ) (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI, net of tax ) Balance at December 31, 2021, net of tax ) ) ) ) OCI, net of tax Gains (losses) arising during the year classified into AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022, net of tax ) ) ) 
 
 (a) million, settlement charges of million and related income tax benefit of million. Amounts reclassified from AOCI for pension and post-retirement benefit plans losses during 2021 include amortization of net losses of 12 million , amortization of prior service cost of million and related income tax benefit of million. See Note 15. 
 
 (b) 

92 

Note 18 
 
 Foreign 
 
 Foreign State Deferred: Federal ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 State income tax, net of federal tax Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations ) ) ) Adjustments to reserves and prior years ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards ) ) ) Change in valuation allowances ) ) ) Impact of Russia Exit Intercompany restructuring and Valuations of Intellectual Property ) ) ) Nondeductible interest Impact of tax law changes ) ) Other, net Effective income tax rate 
 
 Statutory rate differential attributable to foreign operations. This item includes local country taxes, withholding taxes, and shareholder-level taxes, net of U.S. foreign tax credits. In 2022, this item was favorably impacted by the ongoing effects of the KFC Europe Reorganization (as described below). In 2021, this item was favorably impacted by the ongoing effects of the KFC Europe Reorganization (as described below) partially offset by the unfavorable impact of recording deferred tax liabilities associated with unremitted foreign earnings. 
 
 Adjustments to reserves and prior years. This item includes: (1) changes in tax reserves, including interest thereon, established for potential exposure we may incur if a taxing authority takes a position on a matter contrary to our position; and (2) the effects of reconciling income tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income to amounts reflected on our tax returns, including any adjustments to the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2022, this item was unfavorably impacted by million of 
 93 

million of reserves established associated with prior year filing positions in various jurisdictions. In 2021, this item was unfavorably impacted by a million reserve established due to a challenge of a prior year filing position in a foreign jurisdiction. In 2020, this item was favorably impacted by million of adjustments made to current and deferred tax accounts in various jurisdictions to align with balances supported by 2019 and prior tax filings . Additionally, in 2020 this item was favorably impacted by a million tax benefit associated with a state settlement. 
 
 Change in valuation allowances. This item relates to changes for deferred tax assets generated or utilized during the current year and changes in our judgment regarding the likelihood of using deferred tax assets that existed at the beginning of the year. In 2022, this item was favorably impacted by million of tax benefit associated with a valuation allowance release in a foreign jurisdiction resulting from a change in management s judgement as to realizability of deferred tax assets in that jurisdiction. In 2021, this item was favorably impacted by million of tax benefit associated with a valuation allowance release resulting from a change in management s judgment as to the realizability of foreign tax credit carryforwards in the U.S. In 2020, this item was favorably impacted by million of tax benefit associated with a valuation allowance release in a foreign jurisdiction resulting from a change in management s judgement as to realizability of indefinite lived tax loss carryforwards in that jurisdiction. 
 
 Impact of Russia Exit. Our decision to exit the Russia market resulted in a reduction in the tax basis of KFC IP rights held in Switzerland due to the expected loss of the Russia royalty income associated with such rights going forward. As a result, we remeasured and reassessed the need for a valuation allowance on the associated deferred tax assets. In addition, we reassessed certain deferred tax liabilities associated with the Russia business given the expectation that the existing basis difference will now reverse by way of sale. Primarily as a result of these items, we recorded a net tax expense of million in 2022. 
 
 Intercompany Restructuring and Valuations of Intellectual Property. 
 
 In July 2021, we concentrated management responsibility for European (excluding the UK) KFC franchise development, support operations and management oversight in Switzerland (the KFC Europe Reorganization ). Concurrent with this change in management responsibility, we completed intra-entity transfers of certain KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the UK to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a one-time net deferred tax benefit of million in 2021. 
 
 In December 2021, we continued our KFC Europe Reorganization and completed intra-entity transfers of additional European KFC IP rights from subsidiaries in the U.S. to subsidiaries in Switzerland. With the transfers of these additional rights, we received a step-up in amortizable tax basis to current fair value under applicable Swiss tax law. As a result of this transfer, we recorded a net one-time tax benefit of million in 2021. 
 
 In the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we performed an annual valuation under Swiss laws of these Swiss IP rights, incorporating current assumptions around the expected future cash flows attributable to the IP. This valuation supported an increase to tax basis of Swiss IP rights associated with parts of our business that will continue to use these IP rights due to expected royalty growth assumptions in those parts of the business that largely offset the loss of Russia royalty income described above. Based on the valuation as well as future forecasting of taxable income, we remeasured and reassessed the need for a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in Switzerland. As a result, we recorded a net tax benefit of million in the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Nondeductible Interest. As a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act on December 22, 2017, deductibility of U.S. interest expense was limited to of U.S. Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization. Beginning in 2022, deductibility of U.S. interest expense is limited to 30 of U.S. Earnings Before Interest and Taxes. Although the disallowed interest can be carried forward indefinitely, in management s judgment interest carried forward will not be realizable in the future. In 2021, the Company recorded million of tax expense while in 2020 and 2022, the Company did not record any tax expense associated with disallowed U.S. interest expense. 
 
 Impact of Tax Law Changes. 
 
 UK Tax Rate Change On June 10, 2021, the UK Finance Act 2021 was enacted resulting in an increase in the UK corporate tax rate from to . As such, the Company recognized a million tax benefit in the quarter ended June 30, 2021, associated with remeasuring its deferred tax assets in the UK from to . 
 
 94 

to . As such, the Company recognized a million tax benefit in 2020 associated with remeasuring its deferred tax assets in the UK from to . 
 
 Companies subject to the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income provision (GILTI) have the option to account for the GILTI tax as a period cost if and when incurred, or to recognize deferred taxes for outside basis temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI. The Company has elected to account for GILTI as a period cost. 
 
 The details of 2022 and 2021 deferred tax assets (liabilities) are set forth below: 
 Capital losses Tax credit carryforwards Employee benefits Share-based compensation Lease-related liabilities Accrued liabilities and other Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Deferred income Capitalized Research Development Costs Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax asset valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Property, plant and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Employee benefits ) ) Derivative Instruments ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 The details of the 2022 and 2021 valuation allowance activity are set forth below: 
 
 2022 2021 Beginning of Year ) ) Increases ) ) Decreases Other Adjustments End of Year ) ) 
 
 Reported in Consolidated Balance Sheets as: 
 2022 
 2021 
 Deferred income taxes Other liabilities and deferred credits ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately billion of unremitted foreign retained earnings. The Tax Act imposed U.S. federal tax on all post-1986 foreign Earnings and Profits accumulated through December 31, 2017. Repatriation of earnings generated after December 31, 2017, will generally be eligible for the dividends received deduction or considered a distribution of previously taxed income and, therefore, exempt from U.S. federal tax. Undistributed foreign earnings may still 
 95 

2036-2037 Federal net operating losses - Indefinite None Foreign net operating losses ) 2023-2042 Foreign net operating losses - Indefinite ) None State net operating losses ) 2023-2041 Foreign capital loss carryforward - Indefinite ) None Foreign tax credits ) 2026-2032 State tax credits ) 2023 Federal interest deduction carryforward - Indefinite None State interest deduction carryforward - Indefinite ) None ) 
 
 We recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns in the Consolidated Financial Statements when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, million of which would impact the effective income tax rate if recognized. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows: 
 Additions on tax positions - current year Additions for tax positions - prior years Reductions for tax positions - prior years ) Reductions for settlements ) End of Year 
 
 The Company believes it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, may decrease by approximately million in the next 12 months due to settlements or statute of limitations expirations. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company recognized less than million, million, and million of net expense, respectively, for interest and penalties in our Consolidated Statements of Income as components of its Income tax provision. 
 
 At both December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has recorded million of net tax receivables, associated with interest and penalties. 
 
 The Company s income tax returns are subject to examination in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and numerous U.S. state and foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company has settled audits with the IRS through fiscal year 2012 and is currently under IRS examination for 2013-2018. Our operations in certain foreign jurisdictions are currently under audit and remain subject to examination for tax years as far back as 1999. See Note 20 for discussion of an Internal Revenue Service Proposed Adjustment. 
 
 96 

Note 19 
 
 Taco Bell Division (a) 
 Pizza Hut Division (a) 
 Habit Burger Grill Division (a) 
 
 Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division ) ) Corporate and unallocated G A expenses (b)(c)(d) 
 ) ) ) Unallocated Franchise and property expenses (b)(c) 
 ) ) Unallocated Refranchising gain (loss) (b) 
 Unallocated Other income (expense) (b)(c)(e) 
 ) ) Operating Profit Investment income (expense), net (b) 
 Other pension income (expense) (b) 
 ) ) ) Interest expense, net (b) 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate 
 Capital Spending 2022 2021 2020 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate 
 
 97 

Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate (f) 

Long-Lived Assets (h) 
 2022 2021 KFC Division Taco Bell Division Pizza Hut Division Habit Burger Grill Division Corporate 
 
 (a) billion in 2022, billion in 2021 and billion in 2020. 
 
 (b) 
 
 million from KFC and Pizza Hut Division Other income (expense) to Unallocated Other income (expense) during the year ended December 31, 2022. Also, included in Unallocated Other income (expense) were million in foreign exchange gains attributable to fluctuations in the value of the Russian ruble. 
 
 Additionally, we recorded charges of million to Corporate and unallocated G A expenses and million to Unallocated Franchise and property expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 for certain expenses related to the transfer of the businesses and other one-time costs related to our exit from Russia. 
 
 (d) million and million related to our Unlocking Opportunity Initiative and COVID-19 employee relief, respectively. Additionally, 2020 includes million for charges associated with resource optimization (see Note 5). 
 
 (e) million related to the impairment of Habit Burger Grill goodwill (see Note 5). 
 
 (f) 
 
 (g) billion at both 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (h) as of December 31, 2022 which are classified as held for sale and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheet (see Note3). 
 
 98 

Note 20 

Lease Guarantees 
 
 As a result of having assigned our interest in obligations under real estate leases as a condition to the refranchising of certain Company-owned restaurants, and guaranteeing certain other leases, we are frequently secondarily liable on lease agreements. These leases have varying terms, the latest of which expires in . As of December 31, 2022, the potential amount of undiscounted payments we could be required to make in the event of non-payment by the primary lessee was approximately million. The present value of these potential payments discounted at our pre-tax cost of debt at December 31, 2022, was approximately million. Our franchisees are the primary lessees under the vast majority of these leases. We generally have cross-default provisions with these franchisees that would put them in default of their franchise agreement in the event of non-payment under the lease. We believe these cross-default provisions significantly reduce the risk that we will be required to make payments under these leases, although such risk may not be reduced in the context of a bankruptcy or other similar restructuring of a large franchisee or group of franchisees. Accordingly, the liability recorded for our expected exposure under such leases at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not material. 
 
 Insurance Programs 
 
 We are self-insured for a substantial portion of our current and prior years coverage including property and casualty losses. To mitigate the cost of our exposures for certain property and casualty losses, we self-insure the risks of loss up to defined maximum per occurrence retentions on a line-by-line basis. The Company then purchases insurance coverage, up to a certain limit, for losses that exceed the self-insurance per occurrence retention. The insurers maximum aggregate loss limits are significantly above our actuarially determined probable losses; therefore, we believe the likelihood of losses exceeding the insurers maximum aggregate loss limits is remote. 
 
 ) 2021 Activity ) 
 
 Due to the inherent volatility of actuarially determined property and casualty loss estimates, it is reasonably possible that we could experience changes in estimated losses which could be material. We believe that we have recorded reserves for property 
 99 

Yum China License Fee Dispute 
 
 In December 2022, the Company resolved the previously disclosed dispute regarding license fees due on certain amounts of gross revenue under the terms of the Master License Agreement between the Company and Yum China. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 We are currently engaged in various other legal proceedings and have certain unresolved claims pending, the ultimate liability for which, if any, cannot be determined at this time. However, based upon consultation with legal counsel, we are of the opinion that such proceedings and claims are not expected to have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None. 

100 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and has issued their report, included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 
 There were no changes with respect to the Company s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 However, on January 18, 2023, we announced a ransomware attack that impacted certain IT systems. See Part II, Item 7 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. As a result of the ransomware attack, we performed tests of manual compensating controls and validated existing controls continued to operate effectively. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance, the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial expert, the Company s code of ethics and background of the directors appearing under the captions Stock Ownership Information, Governance of the Company, Executive Compensation and Item 1: Election of Directors is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Information regarding executive officers of the Company is included in Part I. 
 
 101 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Information regarding executive and director compensation and the Management Planning and Development Committee appearing under the captions Governance of the Company and Executive Compensation is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Information regarding equity compensation plans and security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under the captions Executive Compensation and Stock Ownership Information is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions and information regarding director independence appearing under the caption Governance of the Company is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services and audit committee pre-approval policies and procedures appearing under the caption Item 2: Ratification of Independent Auditors is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 102 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements: Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements thereto filed as a part of this Form 10-K. (3) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Form 10-K. The Index to Exhibits specifically identifies each management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K. 
 
 103 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 YUM! BRANDS, INC. 

By: /s/ David W. Gibbs 
 
 104 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed on February 24, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ David W. Gibbs Chief Executive Officer David W. Gibbs (principal executive officer) /s/ Chris Turner Chief Financial Officer Chris Turner (principal financial officer) /s/ David E. Russell Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller David E. Russell (principal accounting officer) /s/ Paget L. Alves Director Paget L. Alves /s/ Keith Barr Director Keith Barr /s/ Christopher M. Connor Director Christopher M. Connor /s/ Brian C. Cornell Director Brian C. Cornell /s/ Tanya L. Domier Director Tanya L. Domier /s/ Mirian M. Graddick-Weir Director Mirian M. Graddick-Weir /s/ Thomas C. Nelson Director Thomas C. Nelson /s/ P. Justin Skala Director P. Justin Skala /s/ Annie Young-Scrivner Director Annie Young-Scrivner 
 
 105 

Yum! Brands, Inc. 
 Exhibit Index 
 (Item 15) 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among YUM, Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited and Yum China Holdings, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2016. 
 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of YUM, effective May 26, 2011, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2011. 
 3.2 Amended and restated Bylaws of YUM, effective November 12, 2021, which are incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2021. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1998, between YUM and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., successor in interest to The First National Bank of Chicago, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 1998. 
 (i) 6.875 Senior Notes due November 15, 2037, issued under the forgoing May 1, 1998, indenture, which notes are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2007. 
 (ii) 3.875 Senior Notes due November 1, 2023, issued under the forgoing May 1, 1998, indenture, which notes are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2013. 
 (iii) 5.350 Senior Notes due November 1, 2043, issued under the forgoing May 1, 1998, indenture, which notes are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.1) to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2013. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 25, 2020 by and between YUM and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020. 
 4.2.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 25, 2020 by and between YUM and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 3.625 Notes due 2031, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020. 
 4.2.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2021, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 4.625 Notes due 2032, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1. to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed April 1, 2021. 
 4.2.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 5.375 Notes due 2032, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1. to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed April 1, 2022. 
 4.3 Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Common Stock), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2016, by and among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co., and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as the borrowers, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Fifth Third Bank and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, Barclays Bank PLC, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Cooperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, New York Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents and Co-Managers, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 11, 2016. 
 
 106 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.1.1 Refinancing Amendment, dated as of March 21, 2017, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016, among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2017. 
 10.1.2 Refinancing Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 7, 2017, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016, as amended, among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2017. 
 10.1.3 Refinancing Amendment No. 3, dated as of April 3, 2018, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016, among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2018. 
 10.1.4 Refinancing Amendment No. 4, dated as of March 15, 2021, to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016 among Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC, KFC Holding Co. and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender, an L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent for the Lenders., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021. 
 10.2 YUM Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as effective October 7, 1997, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997. 
 10.2.1 YUM Director Deferred Compensation Plan, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended through November 14, 2008, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 13, 2009. 
 10.3 YUM Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, as effective May 20, 2004, and as Amended through the Second Amendment, as effective May 21, 2009, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit A of YUM s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 21, 2009. 
 10.4 YUM Executive Income Deferral Program, as effective October 7, 1997, and as amended through May 16, 2002, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.10 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. 
 10.4.1 YUM! Brands Executive Income Deferral Program, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2022, as attached herein. 
 10.5 YUM! Brands Pension Equalization Plan, Plan Document for the Pre-409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended through December 31, 2010, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.7 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 19, 2011. 
 10.5.1 The Yum! Brands, Inc. Pension Equalization Plan, Restated Plan Document for the 409A Program effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2022, as attached herein. 
 10.6 Form of Directors Indemnification Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997. 
 10.7 Form of Yum! Brands, Inc. Change in Control Severance Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2013. 
 
 107 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.8 YUM! Long Term Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated effective as of May 20, 2016, as incorporated by reference from Form DEF 14A filed on April 8, 2016. 
 10.9 YUM SharePower Plan, as effective October 7, 1997, and as amended through June 23, 2003, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. 
 10.10 Form of YUM Director Stock Option Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 4, 2004. 
 10.11 Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2013) (Stock Options), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.15.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 23, 2013. 
 10.11.1 Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2015) (Stock Options), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.15.2 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014. 
 10.11.2 Form of YUM Long Term Incentive Plan Global YUM! Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2019), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.11.3 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019. 
 10.12 Yum! Brands, Inc. International Retirement Plan, as in effect January 1, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2004. 
 10.13 Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2013) (Stock Appreciation Rights), which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 23, 2013. 
 10.13.1 Form of YUM 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement (2015) (Stock Appreciation Rights), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.18.2 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014. 
 10.13.2 Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global YUM! Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (2019), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.13.3 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019. 
 10.13.3 Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2019. 
 10.13.4 Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022), as effective February 11, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.13.5 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022. 
 10.13.5 Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023), as effective February 10, 2023, as attached herein. 
 10.14 YUM! Brands Leadership Retirement Plan, as in effect January 1, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.32 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 24, 2007. 
 10.14.1 YUM! Brands Leadership Retirement Plan, Plan Document for the 409A Program, as effective January 1, 2005, and as Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.14.1 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2022. 
 10.15 YUM! Performance Share Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2013, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 13, 2015. 
 10.16 YUM! Brands Third Country National Retirement Plan, as effective January 1, 2009, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009. 

108 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.16.1 YUM! Brands Third Country National Retirement Plan Amendment, as effective January 1, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.16.1 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2022. 
 10.17 2010 YUM! Brands Supplemental Long Term Disability Coverage Summary, as effective January 1, 2010, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 26, 2009. 
 10.18 Yum! Brands, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy, Amended and Restated January 1, 2015, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014. 
 10.19 Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2017, by and among KFC Holding Co., Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC and Taco Bell of America, LLC, as issuers, the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2017. 
 10.20 Base Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2016, between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee and securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016. 
 10.20.1 Series 2016-1 Supplement to Base Indenture dated as of May 11, 2016, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and Series 2016-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016. 
 10.20.2 Series 2018-1 Supplement to Base Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2018, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and Series 2018-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2018. 
 10.20.3 Series 2021-1 Supplement to Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee and Series 2021-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021. 
 10.20.4 Amendment No. 1 to Base Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2016, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and Series 2016-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.22.3 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.20.5 Amendment No. 2 to Base Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2018, by and between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee and the Series 2018-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2018. 
 10.20.6 Amended and Restated Base Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee and the Series 2021-1 securities intermediary, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021. 
 10.21 Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2016, by Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC and Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC in favor of Citibank, N.A., which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2016. 
 10.22 Amended and Restated Management Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Taco Bell Funding, LLC, as issuer, Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC, Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC, Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC and Taco Bell Corp., as manager, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2021. 
 10.23 Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2019, by and between Yum and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2019. 
 
 109 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 10.24 Master License Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2016. 
 10.24.1 Confirmatory License Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2020, by and between YRI China Franchising, LLC and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.26.1 to YUM s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.24.2 Amendment No. 1 to Master License Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2022, by and between Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. And Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.26.1 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2022. 
 10.25 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among YUM, Yum China Holdings, Inc. and Yum Restaurants Consulting (Shanghai) Company Limited, which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to YUM s Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2016 . 
 10.26 Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Global Performance Share Unit Agreement (2021), which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to YUM s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021. 
 21.1 Active Subsidiaries of YUM. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 110 

<EX-10.4 1>
 2
 yum-12312022xex1041.htm
 EX-10.4 1

Document 

YUM! BRANDS 
 
 EXECUTIVE INCOME 
 
 DEFERRAL PROGRAM 

Plan Document for the 409A Program 
 Restated as of January 1, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

A RTICLE I INTRODUCTI ON 
 1 
 A RTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
 2 
 2.01 ACCOUNT 
 2 
 2.02 ACT 
 2 
 2.03 BASE COMPENSATION 
 2 
 2.04 BENEFICIARY 
 2 
 2.05 BONUS COMPENSATION 
 2 
 2.06 CODE 
 3 
 2.07 COMPANY 
 3 
 2.08 DEFERRAL SUBACCOUNT 
 3 
 2.09 DISCOUNT STOCK FUND 
 3 
 2.10 DISABILITY 
 3 
 2.11 DISTRIBUTION VALUATION DATE 
 4 
 2.12 ELECTION FORM 
 4 
 2.13 ELIGIBLE EXECUTIVE 
 4 
 2.14 EMPLOYER 
 4 
 2.15 ERISA 
 4 
 2.16 EXECUTIVE 
 4 
 2.17 FAIR MARKET VALUE 
 5 
 2.18 409A PROGRAM 
 5 
 2.19 KEY EMPLOYEE 
 5 
 2.20 NAV 
 6 
 2.21 PARTICIPANT 
 6 
 2.22 PERFORMANCE PERIOD 
 6 
 2.23 PLAN 
 6 
 2.24 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR 
 6 
 2.25 PLAN YEAR 
 7 
 2.26 PRE-409A PROGRAM 
 7 
 2.27 RECORDKEEPER 
 7 
 2.28 RETIREMENT 
 7 
 2.29 SECOND LOOK ELECTION 
 7 
 2.30 SECTION 409A 
 7 
 2.31 SEPARATION FROM SERVICE 
 7 
 2.32 SIGNING BONUS 
 8 
 2.33 SPECIFIC PAYMENT DATE 
 8 
 2.34 UNFORESEEABLE EMERGENCY 
 8 
 2.35 U.S. 
 8 
 2.36 VALUATION DATE 
 8 
 2.37 YUM! BRANDS ORGANIZATION 
 9 
 A RTICLE III E LIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 10 
 3.01 ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE 
 10 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

3.02 TERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY TO DEFER 
 11 
 3.03 TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION 
 11 
 3.04 EXPRESS WAIVERS 
 12 
 A RTICLE IV DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION 
 13 
 4.01 DEFERRAL ELECTION 
 13 
 4.02 TIME AND MANNER OF DEFERRED ELECTION 
 15 
 4.03 PERIOD OF DEFERRAL 
 17 
 4.04 FORM OF DEFERRAL PAYOUT 
 18 
 4.05 SECOND LOOK ELECTION 
 18 
 4.06 SIGNING BONUS DEFERRALS. 
 21 
 A RTICLE V INTERESTS OF PARTICIPANTS 
 22 
 5.01 ACCOUNTING FOR PARTICIPANTS INTERESTS 
 22 
 5.02 INVESTMENT OPTIONS 
 22 
 5.03 METHOD OF ALLOCATION 
 25 
 5.04 VESTING OF A PARTICIPANT S ACCOUNT 
 26 
 5.05 RISK OF FORFEITURE 
 26 
 A RTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS 
 28 
 6.01 GENERAL 
 28 
 6.02 DISTRIBUTIONS BASED ON A SPECIFIC PAYMENT DATE 
 28 
 6.03 DISTRIBUTIONS ON ACCOUNT OF A SEPARATION FROM SERVICE 
 29 
 6.04 DISTRIBUTIONS ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH 
 31 
 6.05 DISTRIBUTIONS ON ACCOUNT OF UNFORESEEABLE EMERGENCY 
 32 
 6.06 VALUATION 
 32 
 6.07 SECTION 162(M) COMPLIANCE 
 33 
 6.08 IMPACT OF SECTION 16 OF THE ACT ON DISTRIBUTIONS 
 33 
 6.09 INVOLUNTARY CASHOUT 
 33 
 6.10 ACTUAL PAYMENT DATE 
 34 
 A RTICLE VII PLAN ADMINISTRAT ION 
 35 
 7.01 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR 
 35 
 7.02 ACTION 
 35 
 7.03 POWERS OF THE PLAN ADMINISTRATOR 
 35 
 7.04 COMPENSATION, INDEMNITY AND LIABILITY 
 36 
 7.05 WITHHOLDING 
 37 
 7.06 SECTION 16 COMPLIANCE 
 37 
 7.07 CONFORMANCE WITH SECTION 409A 
 38 
 A RTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURE 
 40 
 8.01 CLAIMS FOR BENEFITS 
 40 
 8.02 APPEALS OF DENIED CLAIMS 
 40 
 8.03 SPECIAL CLAIMS PROCEDURES FOR DISABILITY DETERMINATIONS 
 41 

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

8.04 EXHAUSTION OF CLAIMS PROCEDURES. 
 41 
 8.05 LIMITATIONS ON ACTIONS. 
 43 
 A RTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 45 
 9.01 AMENDMENT OF PLAN 
 45 
 9.02 TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 45 
 A RTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 46 
 10.01 LIMITATION ON PARTICIPANT S RIGHTS 
 46 
 10.02 UNFUNDED OBLIGATION OF INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYER 
 46 
 10.03 OTHER PLANS 
 46 
 10.04 RECEIPT OR RELEASE 
 46 
 10.05 GOVERNING LAW 
 46 
 10.06 ADOPTION OF PLAN BY RELATED EMPLOYERS 
 47 
 10.07 GENDER, TENSE AND EXAMPLES 
 47 
 10.08 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS NONALIENATION OF BENEFITS 
 47 
 10.09 FACILITY OF PAYMENT 
 47 
 A RTICLE XI SIGNATURE A UTHENTICATION 
 59 
 APPENDI X .............................................................. ........................................................ ....... Appendix 
 APPENDIX ARTICLE A RDC TRANSFERS 
 A-1 APPENDIX ARTICLE B CERTAIN TRANSITION PROVISIONS 
 B-1 APPENDIX ARTICLE C - SPINOFF OF THE COMPANY S CHINA BUSINESS 
 C-1 APPENDIX ARTICLE D ACQUISITION OF THE HABIT RESTAURANTS, LLC 
 D-1 APPENDIX ARTICLE E GLOBAL RULES FOR IDENTIFYING SPECIFIED EMPLOYEES UNDER COMPANY 409A PLANS EFFECTIVE MARCH 26, 201 9 
 E-1 

-iii- 

ARTICLE I INTRODUCTION 
 
 YUM! Brands, Inc. (the Company established the YUM! Brands Executive Income Deferral Program (the Plan in 1997 to permit Eligible Executives to defer compensation and other awards made under its executive compensation programs. Deferrals under the Plan that were earned and vested on or before December 31, 2004 are governed by a separate set of documents that set forth the pre-Section 409A terms of the Plan (the Pre-409A Program ). The terms of the Plan that are applicable to deferrals that are subject to Section 409A, i.e. , generally, deferred amounts that are earned or vested after December 31, 2004 (the 409A Program are governed by this document. This document sets forth the 409A Program and was initially effective as of January 1, 2005 (the Effective Date ). Subsequently, the document for the 409A Program was restated effective January 1, 2009. Except as otherwise provided herein, this document reflects the provisions in effect from and after January 1, 2009, and the rights and benefits of individuals who are Participants in the Plan from and after that date (and of those claiming through or on behalf of such individuals) shall be governed by the provisions of this document in the case of actions and events occurring on or after the Effective Date with respect to deferrals that are subject to the 409A Program. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term actions and events shall include all distribution trigger events and dates. The rights and benefits with respect to persons who only participated in the Plan prior to January 1, 2005 shall be governed by the applicable provisions of the Pre-409A Program documents that were in effect at such time, and shall not be governed by the 409A Program documents. 
 
 This document for the 409A Program has been periodically amended after the Effective Date. The current document, restated effective January 1, 2022, includes all amendments adopted through 2022. Where applicable, this document contains specific effective dates for these amendments. 
 
 Together, the documents for the 409A Program and the documents for the Pre-409A Program describe the terms of a single plan. However, amounts subject to the terms of the 409A Program and amounts subject to the terms of the Pre-409A Program shall be tracked separately at all times. The preservation of the terms of the Pre-409A Program, without material modification, and the separation between the 409A Program amounts and the Pre-409A Program amounts are intended to permit the Pre-409A Program to remain exempt from Section 409A, and the administration of the Plan shall be consistent with this intent. 
 
 For federal income tax purposes, the Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that is unfunded and unsecured. For purposes of ERISA, the Plan is intended to be a plan described in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA providing benefits to a select group of management or highly compensated employees. 

1 

ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 
 
 When used in this Plan, the following underlined terms shall have the meanings set forth below unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context 
 
 2.01 Account 
 
 The account maintained for a Participant on the books of his or her Employer to determine, from time to time, the Participant s interest under this Plan. The balance in such Account shall be determined by the Recordkeeper pursuant to any guidelines established by the Plan Administrator. Each Participant s Account shall consist of at least one Deferral Subaccount for each separate deferral under Section 4.01. In accordance with Section 5.05, some or all of a separate deferral may be held in a Risk of Forfeiture Subaccount. The Recordkeeper may also establish such additional Deferral Subaccounts as it deems necessary for the proper administration of the Plan. Except as provided in Section 5.05, the Recordkeeper may also combine Deferral Subaccounts to the extent it deems separate accounts are not needed for sound recordkeeping. Where appropriate, a reference to a Participant s Account shall include a reference to each applicable Deferral Subaccount that has been established thereunder. 
 
 2.02 Act 
 
 The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 
 2.03 Base Compensation 
 
 An Eligible Executive s adjusted base salary, to the extent payable in U.S. dollars from an Employer s U.S. payroll (as modified by the provisions of Section 3.01(a)). For any applicable payroll period, an Eligible Executive s adjusted base salary shall be determined after reductions for applicable tax withholdings, tax levies, garnishments, other legally required deductions, and Executive authorized deductions that are made under any Code Section 125 plans sponsored by the Executive s Employer or the Company. 
 
 2.04 Beneficiary 
 
 The person or persons (including a trust or trusts) properly designated by a Participant, as determined by the Recordkeeper (or the Plan Administrator, as applicable), to receive the amounts in one or more of the Participant s Deferral Subaccounts in the event of the Participant s death in accordance with Section 4.02(d). 
 
 2.05 Bonus Compensation 
 
 An Eligible Executive s adjusted annual incentive award under his or her Employer s annual incentive plan and or an Executive incentive compensation plan (including the YUM! Brands Leaders Bonus Program), to the extent payable in U.S. dollars from an Employer s U.S. payroll (as modified by the provisions of Section 3.01(a)). An Eligible Executive s annual incentive awards shall be adjusted to reduce them for applicable tax withholdings, tax levies, garnishments, other legally required deductions, and Executive authorized deductions that are 
 2 

made under any Code Section 125 plans sponsored by the Executive s Employer or the Company. 
 
 2.06 Code 
 
 The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 
 2.07 Company 
 
 YUM! Brands, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of North Carolina, or its successor or successors. 
 
 2.08 Deferral Subaccount 
 
 A subaccount of a Participant s Account maintained to reflect his or her interest in the Plan attributable to each deferral (or separately tracked portion of a deferral) of Base Compensation, Bonus Compensation and Signing Bonus, and earnings or losses credited to such subaccount in accordance with Section 5.01(b). 
 
 2.09 Discount Stock Fund 
 
 A phantom investment fund that permits an Eligible Executive to defer Bonus Compensation and a Signing Bonus for phantom investment solely in discounted YUM! Brands Common Stock, in accordance with Section 5.02(b). 
 
 2.10 Disability 
 
 A Participant shall be considered to suffer from a Disability, if, in the judgment of the Plan Administrator (based on the provisions of Section 409A and any guidelines established by the Plan Administrator for this purpose), the Participant 
 
 (a) Is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or 
 
 (b) By reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan of the Company (including the YUM! Brands Short-Term Disability Plan and the YUM! Brands Long-Term Disability Plan). 
 
 Solely for those Participants who are otherwise eligible for Social Security, a Participant who is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of Subsection (a), and a Participant who has not been determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration will be deemed to not meet the requirements of Subsection (a). 
 
 3 

2.11 Distribution Valuation Date 
 
 Each date as specified by the Plan Administrator from time to time as of which Participant Accounts are valued for purposes of a distribution from a Participant s Account. The current Distribution Valuation Dates are March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. Any current Distribution Valuation Date may be changed by the Plan Administrator, provided that such change does not result in a change in when deferrals are paid out that is impermissible under Section 409A. Values are determined as of the close of a Distribution Valuation Date or, if such date is not a business day, as of the close of the preceding business day. 
 
 2.12 Election Form 
 
 The form prescribed by the Plan Administrator on which a Participant specifies the amount of his or her Base Compensation, Bonus Compensation or Signing Bonus to be deferred and the timing and form of his or her deferral payout, pursuant to the provisions of Article IV. An Election Form need not exist in a paper format, and it is expressly authorized that the Plan Administrator may make available for use such technologies, including voice response systems, Internet-based forms and any other electronic forms for use as an Election Form, as it deems appropriate from time to time. 
 
 2.13 Eligible Executive 
 
 The term, Eligible Executive, shall have the meaning given to it in Section 3.01(a)(1). 
 
 2.14 Employer 
 
 The Company and each division, subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (if any) that is currently designated as an Employer for purposes of this Plan by the Plan Administrator. An entity shall be an Employer hereunder only for the period that it is (i) so designated by the Plan Administrator, and (ii) a member of the YUM! Brands Organization. 
 
 2.15 ERISA 
 
 Public Law 93-406, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 
 2.16 Executive 
 
 Any person classified (as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion) in the employment records of an Employer as an Executive who (i) is receiving remuneration for personal services rendered in the employment of the Employer, and (ii) is paid in U.S. dollars from the Employer s U.S. payroll. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, any person meeting the requirements of the foregoing sentence who is working outside the U.S. shall not be included as an Executive hereunder, if applicable local law of the country in which the person is working e.g. , local law relating to the payment of compensation) does not permit the person to defer the receipt of compensation that is eligible for deferral hereunder. An individual shall not be treated as being in an Executive classification of an Employer, as of a particular time, unless the 
 4 

individual is formally assigned to an executive classification by the Employer as of such time. Such assignment can only be given to an individual in the unrestricted discretion of the Employer, and the purported nature of the individual s role with the Employer is irrelevant in determining classification as an Executive under the Plan. An individual who is classified by an Employer as an independent contractor or in another non-employee position shall not be treated as an Executive. Any ambiguity or conflict in the employment records that relate to classification as an Executive shall be resolved to deny classification as an Executive. The Plan Administrator shall determine whether an individual may be classified as an Executive in its sole discretion. 
 
 2.17 Fair Market Value 
 
 For purposes of converting a Participant s deferrals to phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock as of any date, the Fair Market Value of such stock is the closing price on such date (or if such date is not a trading date, the first date immediately following such date that is a trading date) for YUM! Brands Common Stock as reported on the composite tape for securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., rounded to four decimal places. For purposes of determining the cash value of a Plan distribution, the Fair Market Value of phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock is determined as the closing price on the applicable Distribution Valuation Date for YUM! Brands Common Stock as reported on the composite tape for securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., rounded to four decimal places. 
 
 2.18 409A Program 
 
 The program described in this document. The term 409A Program is used to identify the portion of the Plan that is subject to Section 409A. 
 
 2.19 Key Employee 
 
 The individuals identified in accordance with the principles set forth below. 
 
 (a) General . Any Participant who at any time during the applicable year is 
 
 (1) An officer of any member of the YUM! Brands Organization having annual compensation greater than 130,000 (as adjusted for the applicable year under Code Section 416(i)(1)) 
 
 (2) A 5-percent owner of any member of the YUM! Brands Organization or 
 
 (3) A 1-percent owner of any member of the YUM! Brands Organization having annual compensation of more than 150,000. 
 
 For purposes of (1) above, no more than 50 employees identified in the order of their annual compensation shall be treated as officers. For purposes of this Section, annual compensation means compensation as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(a), without regard to Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(d), 1.415(c)-2(e), and 1.415(c)-2(g) provided, however, that effective 
 5 

as of the Key Employee identification date that occurs on December 31, 2009, annual compensation shall not include compensation excludible from an employee s gross income on account of the location of the services or the identity of the employer that is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(g)(5)(ii). The Plan Administrator shall determine who is a Key Employee in accordance with Code Section 416(i) and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder or in connection therewith (provided, that Code Section 416(i)(5) shall not apply in making such determination), and provided further that the applicable year shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A and that any modification of the foregoing definition that applies under Section 409A shall be taken into account. 
 
 (b) Operating Rule . The provisions of this definition shall be interpreted and applied in all respects to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 2.20 NAV 
 
 The net asset value of a phantom unit in one of the phantom funds offered for investment under the Plan, determined as of any date in the same manner as applies on that date under the actual fund that is the basis of the phantom fund offered by the Plan. 
 
 2.21 Participant 
 
 Any Executive who is qualified to participate in this Plan in accordance with Section 3.01 and who has an Account. An active Participant is one who is currently deferring under Section 4.01. 
 
 2.22 Performance Period 
 
 The 12-month period (which shall generally correspond to the calendar year) for which Bonus Compensation is calculated and determined. A Performance Period shall be deemed to relate to the Plan Year in which the Performance Period ends. 
 
 2.23 Plan 
 
 The YUM! Brands Executive Income Deferral Program, the plan set forth herein and in the Pre-409A Program documents, as it may be amended and restated from time to time (subject to the limitations on amendment that are applicable hereunder and under the Pre-409A Program). 
 
 2.24 Plan Administrator 
 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (Compensation Committee) or its delegate or delegates, which shall have the authority to administer the Plan as provided in Article VII. As of the Effective Date, the Company s Chief People Officer is delegated the responsibility for the operational administration of the Plan. In turn, the Chief People Officer has the authority to re-delegate operational responsibilities to other persons or parties. As of the Effective Date, the Chief People Officer has re-delegated certain operational responsibilities to the Recordkeeper and to the Company s Executive Compensation Department. 
 6 

However, references in this document to the Plan Administrator shall be understood as referring to the Compensation Committee, the Chief People Officer, the Company s Executive Compensation Department and any other parties delegated by the Chief People Officer other than the Recordkeeper. All delegations made under the authority granted by this Section are subject to Section 7.06. 
 
 2.25 Plan Year 
 
 The 12-consecutive month period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31. 
 
 2.26 Pre-409A Program 
 
 The portion of the Plan that governs deferrals that are not subject to Section 409A. The terms of the Pre-409A Program are set forth in a separate set of documents. 
 
 2.27 Recordkeeper 
 
 For any designated period of time, the party that is delegated the responsibility, pursuant to the authority granted in the definition of Plan Administrator, to maintain the records of Participant Accounts, process Participant transactions and perform other duties in accordance with any procedures and rules established by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 2.28 Retirement 
 
 A Participant s Separation from Service after attaining (whichever of the following occurs earlier) (a) at least age 55 with 10 or more years of service, (b) at least age 65 with 5 or more years of service or (c) at least age 70 with 3 or more years of service. A Participant s years of service shall be the Participant s years of service earned under the YUM! Brands Retirement Plan. If a Participant is not participating in the YUM! Brands Retirement Plan, years of service shall be determined based on the rules applicable to the YUM! Brands Retirement Plan, assuming the Participant was participating in such plan. 
 
 2.29 Second Look Election 
 
 The term, Second Look Election, shall have the meaning given to it in Section 4.05. 
 
 2.30 Section 409A 
 
 Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability that are issued thereunder. 
 
 2.31 Separation from Service 
 
 A Participant s separation from service as defined in Section 409A, including (i) the rule that a Participant who is Disabled incurs a Separation from Service 29 months after the Participant is no longer actively rendering services to his her Employer or the Company, and (ii) the default fifty percent (50 test described in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)(3) to identify entities 
 7 

that are considered controlled affiliates of the Company. In the event a Participant also provides services other than as an Executive for the Company and its affiliates, as determined under the prior sentence, such other services shall not be taken into account in determining when a Separation from Service occurs to the extent permitted under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)(5). The term may also be used as a verb i.e. , Separates from Service with no change in meaning. 
 
 2.32 Signing Bonus 
 
 Cash compensation that is paid to an Eligible Executive upon acceptance of an offer of employment with his her Employer, to the extent payable in U.S. dollars from an Employer s U.S. payroll (as modified by applicable provisions of Section 3.01(a)). An Eligible Executive s Signing Bonus shall be determined after reductions for applicable tax withholdings, tax levies, garnishments, other legally required deductions, and Executive authorized deductions that are made under any Code Section 125 plans sponsored by the Executive s Employer or the Company. 
 
 2.33 Specific Payment Date 
 
 A specific date selected by an Eligible Executive that triggers a lump sum payment of a deferral or the start of installment payments for a deferral, as provided in Section 4.03. The Specific Payment Dates that are available to be selected by Eligible Executives shall be determined by the Plan Administrator, and the currently available Specific Payment Dates shall be reflected on the Election Forms that are made available from time to time by the Plan Administrator. As of the Effective Date, the Specific Payment Dates shall be January 1, April 1, July 1, and October 1. In the event that an Election Form only provides for selecting a month or a calendar quarter and a year as the Specific Payment Date, the first day of the month or the first day of the calendar quarter that is selected shall be the Specific Payment Date. 
 
 2.34 Unforeseeable Emergency 
 
 A severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (a) an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, the Participant s Beneficiary or the Participant s dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a), without regard to Code Sections 152(b)(1), 152(b)(2) and 152(d)(1)(B)) (b) loss of the Participant s property due to casualty or (c) any other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The Recordkeeper shall determine the occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(3) and any guidelines established by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 2.35 U.S. 
 
 The United States, comprised of its 50 states, the District of Columbia, and its possessions (other than Puerto Rico). 
 
 2.36 Valuation Date 

8 

Each business day, as determined by the Recordkeeper, as of which Participant Accounts are valued in accordance with Plan procedures that are currently in effect. In accordance with procedures that may be adopted by the Plan Administrator, any current Valuation Date may be changed. 
 
 2.37 YUM! Brands Organization 
 
 The controlled group of organizations of which the Company is a part, as defined by Code section 414(b) and (c) and the regulations issued thereunder. An entity shall be considered a member of the YUM! Brands Organization only during the period it is one of the group of organizations described in the preceding sentence. 

9 

ARTICLE III ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 
 3.01 Eligibility to Participate 
 
 (a) In General . 
 
 (1) Subject to Paragraph (2) below and the election timing rules of Article IV, an Executive shall be eligible to defer compensation under the Plan upon (i) being hired by an Employer as an Executive classified as Level 12 or above (and while he or she remains so classified) or (ii) being promoted by an Employer from below Level 12 into a Level 12 or above position. However, an Eligible Executive who makes an irrevocable election to participate for a Plan Year shall remain an Eligible Executive for the remainder of the Plan Year (i) regardless of whether such Executive is subsequently classified in a salary band below Level 12 or (ii) regardless of whether such Executive subsequently is paid in non-U.S. dollars or is paid from a non-U.S. payroll provided that the occurrence of such events shall cut off any election that has been made that has not yet required to become irrevocable in order to be timely in accordance with Section 409A. 
 
 (2) Notwithstanding Paragraph (1) above, from time to time the Plan Administrator may modify, limit or expand the class of Executives eligible to defer hereunder, pursuant to criteria for eligibility that need not be uniform among all or any group of Executives provided that the Plan Administrator may remove an Executive from eligibility to participate effective only as of the end of a Plan Year when the Executive has made a deferral election for such Plan Year that has become irrevocable. 
 
 (b) During the period an individual satisfies all of the eligibility requirements of this Section, he or she shall be referred to as an Eligible Executive. 
 
 (c) Each Eligible Executive becomes an active Participant on the date an amount is first withheld from his or her compensation pursuant to an Election Form submitted by the Executive to the Recordkeeper (or, if authorized, the Plan Administrator) under Section 4.01. 
 
 (d) Acquisitions and Divestitures . A written agreement between an Employer and a party that is not part of the YUM! Brands Organization regarding the purchase or sale of a business unit, division, or subsidiary Business may provide for the termination or commencement of the participation of certain Business employees in this Plan. Absent a clear and specific provision in such agreement to the contrary 
 
 (1) Each employee of a Business that is sold will cease being eligible for this Plan upon such sale and 
 
 (2) No employee of a Business that is acquired will be eligible for this Plan except as the Plan Administrator may specify. 
 
 Unless otherwise specifically provided in the agreement, for purposes of Article IX, approval and execution of a binding written agreement of acquisition or divestiture by one or more 
 10 

Employers is approval by the Company of a qualifying designation of Plan eligibility (or ineligibility) contained in such agreement, as well as authorization from the Company to the Plan Administrator to carry out the provisions and intent of such agreement with respect to such qualifying designation. 
 
 3.02 Termination of Eligibility to Defer 
 
 (a) General . An individual s eligibility to participate actively by making deferrals (or a deferral election) under Article IV shall cease upon the Election Termination Date (as defined below) occurring after the earliest of 
 
 (1) Subject to Section 4.01(b), the date he or she Separates from Service or 
 
 (2) The date that the Executive ceases to be eligible under criteria described in Section 3.01(a). 
 
 An individual s Election Termination Date shall be a date as soon as administratively practicable following the date in subsection (a) or (b) (or such other date as may be determined in accordance with rules of the Plan Administrator) provided that an Election Termination Date shall not affect any election already made that otherwise has become irrevocable in accordance with the rules of this Plan. However, the occurrence of an Election Termination Date shall terminate any election that has been made that is not yet required to become irrevocable in order to be timely in accordance with Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Special Rules for an Applicable Severance Program . Notwithstanding the provisions in subsection (a) above, an individual s eligibility to participate actively in this Plan by making deferrals (or a deferral election) under Article IV shall terminate to the extent provided in a severance program or severance arrangement of a Participant s Employer or the Company, or an Employer s employment or termination agreement with a Participant providing for severance pay and or a general release of claims against the Employer (an Approved Severance Program ). However, an Eligible Executive who makes an irrevocable election to participate for a Plan Year shall remain an Eligible Executive for the remainder of the Plan Year to the extent that he or she is receiving or will receive Base Compensation and Bonus Compensation under the Approved Severance Program provided that the participation by a Participant in an Approved Severance Program (to the extent included in writing in the Approved Severance Program) shall cut off any election that has been made that has not yet required to become irrevocable in order to be timely in accordance with Section 409A. 
 
 3.03 Termination of Participation 
 
 An individual, who has been an active Participant under the Plan, ceases to be a Participant on the date his or her Account is fully paid out provided, however, even if a Participant s Account is fully paid out, participation shall continue under the Plan if there is an expectation that the Participant shall be entitled to future benefits under the Plan or that a deferral 
 11 

will be credited to the Participant s Account in the future e.g., a deferral of Bonus Compensation that is paid in a future year). 
 
 3.04 Express Waivers 
 
 An individual is ineligible to participate if the individual is classified by the Employer as an Executive and who has signed a written agreement with the Employer pursuant to which the individual either (i) waives eligibility under this Plan, or (ii) agrees not to participate in the Plan. Subject to any applicable provisions in the Code or ERISA, written agreements may be entered into either before or after the executive becomes eligible for or begins participation in the Plan, and such written agreements may take any form that is deemed effective by the Company. This Section 3.04 shall apply effective with respect to agreements that are entered into on or after September 1, 2004. An agreement that is otherwise described in this Section 3.04 shall not bar an Executive s participation for the period before the earliest date such agreement may apply without violating the restrictions on elections under Section 409A. The Plan Administrator shall determine eligibility pursuant to this Section 3.04 in its sole discretion. 

12 

ARTICLE IV DEFERRAL OF COMPENSATION 
 
 4.04 Deferral Election 
 
 (a) Deferrals of Base Compensation . 
 
 (1) General . Subject to the provisions of subsection (a)(2) below, each Eligible Executive may make an election to defer Base Compensation under the Plan in any whole percentage up to 85 of his or her Base Compensation in the manner described in Section 4.02. Effective as of January 1, 2023, the Plan Administrator may apply a different maximum than 85 for a Plan Year by communicating (electronically or in writing) such different maximum to Eligible Executives during the election period or periods that apply to such Plan Year. A newly Eligible Executive may only defer the portion of his or her eligible Base Compensation that is earned for services performed after the date of his or her election provided that any Eligible Executive that becomes a new Eligible Executive after November 22 nd (or if such day is not a business day, the first business day that occurs immediately prior to such day) of a Plan Year shall not be eligible to defer Base Compensation earned for services performed in the remainder of such Plan Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, any Base Compensation deferred by an Eligible Executive for a Plan Year shall be deducted each pay period during the Plan Year for which he or she has Base Compensation and is an Eligible Executive. Base Compensation paid after the end of a Plan Year for services performed during the final payroll period of the preceding Plan Year shall be treated as Base Compensation for services in the subsequent Plan Year. 
 
 (2) Special Rule for Significant Deferrals Prior to 2023 . Notwithstanding subsection (a)(1) above, effective for Base Compensation that is paid from and after January 1, 2008 and before January 1, 2023, an Eligible Executive who is classified as below Level 14 may not elect to defer 50 or more of his or her Base Compensation for a Plan Year, unless such Eligible Executive also (i) elects to defer 100 of his or her Bonus Compensation for the same Plan Year or (ii) confirms in a separate writing (that is in addition to the Election Form) that he or she has elected to defer 50 or more of his or her Base Compensation for such Plan Year. The separate writing discussed in clause (ii) above must be submitted within the time frame required under Section 4.02(a)(1) and shall satisfy any other requirements as the Plan Administrator shall require for this purpose. If an applicable Eligible Executive does not satisfy either clause (i) or (ii) above, then any election by the Eligible Executive to defer 50 or more of Base Compensation for a Plan Year shall be treated as void and shall not become effective under Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Deferrals of Bonus Compensation . 
 
 (1) General Rules . Each Eligible Executive may make an election to defer under the Plan any whole percentage (up to 100 of his or her Bonus Compensation in the manner described in Section 4.02. The percentage of Bonus Compensation deferred by an Eligible Executive for a Plan Year will be deducted from his or her payment under the applicable compensation program at the time it would 
 13 

otherwise be paid, provided he or she satisfies all conditions for payment that would apply in the absence of a deferral. In addition, for the Plan Year in which the Participant incurs a Separation from Service, the Participant shall be eligible to defer Bonus Compensation paid for the Performance Period that relates to the Plan Year in which the Participant incurred the Separation from Service, if the Participant makes a valid and irrevocable deferral election prior to his or her Separation from Service. 
 
 (2) Special Rules for Promoted Eligible Executives . An Eligible Executive that becomes an Eligible Executive during a Plan Year as a result of a promotion from below Level 12 into a position that is in Level 12 or above shall only be eligible to defer Bonus Compensation earned for the Performance Period relating to the Plan Year in which he or she is promoted, if the Eligible Executive (i) is a bonus-eligible Executive for all of such Plan Year and (ii) is promoted by June 20 th (or if such day is not a business day, the first business day that occurs immediately prior to such day) of the Plan Year in which the promotion occurs. If a promoted Eligible Executive does not satisfy the requirements of the previous sentence, he or she shall not be eligible to defer Bonus Compensation earned for the Performance Period relating to the Plan Year in which he or she is promoted. 
 
 (3) Special Rules for Newly Hired Eligible Executives . An Eligible Executive that becomes an Eligible Executive during a Plan Year as a result of becoming first employed by the YUM! Brands Organization shall only be eligible to defer Bonus Compensation earned for the Performance Period relating to the Plan Year in which he or she is newly hired, if the Eligible Executive is a bonus-eligible Executive for such Plan Year. In such event, the rules for the time and manner for completing the initial deferral election in Section 4.02(b) shall apply, which are structured so that the proration rules of Treas. Reg. 1.401A-2(a)(7) are inapplicable. Thus, if a valid Election Form is received prior to the date on which the Eligible Executive becomes an Executive and the Election Form is effective under Section 4.02(b) as of the date on which the Eligible Executive becomes an Executive, then the Executive shall be deemed to receive all of his or her Bonus Compensation for the Plan Year in which he or she becomes an Eligible Executive after the date of the election. 
 
 (4) Performance Criteria . Notwithstanding Subsections (b)(1), (b)(2) and (b)(3) above, an Eligible Executive shall not be eligible to defer Bonus Compensation for a Plan Year unless (i) the Bonus Compensation is contingent on the satisfaction of organizational or individual performance criteria for the Performance Period that relates to the Plan Year, (ii) such criteria have been established in writing by not later than 90 days after the beginning of the applicable Performance Period, and (iii) the Bonus Compensation otherwise satisfies the requirements for performance-based compensation under Section 409A. 
 
 (c) Election Form Rules . To be effective in deferring Base Compensation or Bonus Compensation, an Eligible Executive s Election Form must set forth the percentage of Base Compensation or Bonus Compensation (whichever applies) to be deferred, the deferral period under Section 4.03, the form of payment under Section 4.04, and any other information that may be required by the Plan Administrator from time to time. In addition, the Election Form 
 14 

must meet the requirements of Section 4.02. It is contemplated that an Eligible Executive will specify the investment choice under Section 5.02 (in multiples of 1 for the Eligible Executive s deferral. However, this is not a condition for making an effective election. 
 
 4.02 Time and Manner of Deferral Election 
 
 (a) Deferrals of Base Compensation . 
 
 (1) General . An Eligible Executive must make a deferral election for a Plan Year with respect to Base Compensation no later than December 31 of the year prior to the Plan Year in which the Base Compensation would otherwise be paid. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, the Plan Administrator may adopt policies and procedures that encourage or require earlier submission of Election Forms, but in which case any requirement for the earlier submission of an Election Form may be waived (but not beyond the date specified by the first sentence of this paragraph) by the Plan Administrator to prevent undue hardship for one or more Eligible Executives. If December 31 is not a business day, the deadline shall be the preceding day that is a business day. 
 
 (2) New Eligible Executives . An individual who newly becomes an Eligible Executive will have 30 days from the date the individual becomes an Eligible Executive to make a deferral election with respect to Base Compensation that is earned for services performed after the election is received (the 30-Day Election Period ). Notwithstanding the prior sentence, the Plan Administrator may adopt policies and procedures that encourage or require earlier submission of Election Forms in this situation, but in which case any requirement for the earlier submission of an Election Form may be waived (but not beyond the date specified by the first sentence of this paragraph) by the Plan Administrator to prevent undue hardship for one or more Eligible Executives. The 30-Day Election Period may be used to make an election for Base Compensation that otherwise would be paid in the Plan Year in which the individual becomes an Eligible Executive. In addition, the 30-Day Election Period may be used to make an election for Base Compensation that would otherwise be paid in the next Plan Year i.e. , the Plan Year following when the individual becomes an Eligible Executive), if the individual becomes an Eligible Executive not later than December 31 of a Plan Year. Thus, if a Base Compensation deferral election for a Plan Year is made in reliance on the 30-day rule, then the Plan Administrator shall apply the restriction that the election may only apply to Base Compensation earned for services performed after the date the election is received. 
 
 (b) Deferrals of Bonus Compensation . 
 
 (1) Continuing and Newly Promoted Executives . An Eligible Executive must make a deferral election with respect to his or her Bonus Compensation at least six months prior to the end of the Performance Period for which the applicable Bonus Compensation is paid, and this election will be the Eligible Executive s bonus deferral election for the Plan Year to which the Performance Period relates. This applies to both continuing Eligible Executives and individuals who newly become Eligible 
 15 

Executives due to a promotion. Accordingly, if an individual becomes an Eligible Executive during a Plan Year as a result of a promotion and is eligible to defer Bonus Compensation under Section 4.01(b)(2) for such Plan Year, such Eligible Executive must make a deferral election for Bonus Compensation that is earned for the Performance Period that relates to the Plan Year in which he or she is promoted at least six months prior to the end of the applicable Performance Period. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this paragraph, the Plan Administrator may adopt policies and procedures that encourage or require earlier submission of Election Forms for Bonus Compensation, but in which case any requirement for the earlier submission of an Election Form may be waived (but not beyond the date specified by the first sentence of this paragraph) by the Plan Administrator to prevent undue hardship for one or more Eligible Executives. 
 
 (2) Newly Hired Eligible Executives . An Eligible Executive that becomes an Eligible Executive during a Plan Year as a result of becoming first employed by the YUM! Brands Organization and is eligible to make a deferral of Bonus Compensation under Section 4.01(b) for such Plan Year must make such election as follows 
 
 (A) If such Eligible Executive is newly hired by June 20 th (or if such day is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day), such Eligible Executive must make a deferral election for Bonus Compensation that is earned for the Performance Period that relates to the Plan Year in which he or she is newly hired at least six months prior to the end of the applicable Performance Period and 
 
 (B) If such Eligible Executive is hired after June 20 th (or if such day is not a business day, the immediately preceding business day), such Eligible Executive must submit a deferral election prior to his or her hire date or otherwise prior to rendering services as an Executive, and such Election Form will be effective immediately upon the individual s hire date or otherwise upon commencement of his or her services as an Executive. 
 
 Notwithstanding subparagraph (A) above, the Plan Administrator may adopt policies and procedures that encourage or require earlier submission of Election Forms for Bonus Compensation, but in which case any requirement for the earlier submission of an Election Form may be waived (but not beyond the date specified by the first sentence of this paragraph) by the Plan Administrator to prevent undue hardship for one or more Eligible Executives. 
 
 (c) General Provisions . A separate deferral election under (a) or (b) above must be made by an Eligible Executive for each category of a Plan Year s compensation that is eligible for deferral. If a properly completed and executed Election Form is not actually received by the Recordkeeper (or, if authorized, the Plan Administrator) by the prescribed time in (a) and (b) above, the Eligible Executive will be deemed to have elected not to defer any Base Compensation or Bonus Compensation, as the case may be, for the applicable Plan Year. An election is irrevocable once received and determined by the Plan Administrator to be properly completed (and such determination shall be made not later than the last date under Section 409A 
 16 

for making the election in question). Increases or decreases in the amount or percentage a Participant elects to defer shall not be permitted during a Plan Year. 
 
 (d) Beneficiaries . A Participant may designate on the Election Form (or in some other manner authorized by the Plan Administrator) one or more Beneficiaries to receive payment, in the event of his or her death, of the amounts credited to his or her Account provided that, to be effective, any Beneficiary designation must be in writing, signed by the Participant, and must meet such other standards (including any requirement for spousal consent) as the Plan Administrator or Recordkeeper shall require from time to time. The Beneficiary designation must also be filed with the Recordkeeper (or the Plan Administrator, if applicable) prior to the Participant s death. An incomplete Beneficiary designation, as determined by the Recordkeeper or Plan Administrator, shall be void and of no effect. In determining whether a Beneficiary designation that relates to the Plan is in effect, unrevoked designations that were received under the Pre-409A Program or prior to the Effective Date shall be considered. A Beneficiary designation of an individual by name remains in effect regardless of any change in the designated individual s relationship to the Participant. A Beneficiary designation solely by relationship (for example, a designation of spouse, that does not give the name of the spouse) shall designate whoever is the person in that relationship to the Participant at his or her death. If more than one Beneficiary is specified and the Participant fails to indicate the respective percentage applicable to two or more Beneficiaries, then each Beneficiary for whom a percentage is not designated will be entitled to an equal share of the portion of the Account (if any) for which percentages have not been designated. At any time, a Participant may change a Beneficiary designation for his or her Account in a writing that is signed by the Participant and filed with the Recordkeeper (or Plan Administrator, if applicable) prior to the Participant s death, and that meets such other standards as the Plan Administrator shall require from time to time. An individual who is otherwise a Beneficiary with respect to a Participant s Account ceases to be a Beneficiary when all payments have been made from the Account. 
 
 4.03 Period of Deferral 
 
 An Eligible Executive making a deferral election shall specify a deferral period on his or her Election Form by designating either (i) a Specific Payment Date, and or (ii) a deferral period based on his or her Separation from Service, in which case (in accordance with Section 6.03(e)) the deferral period shall extend at least to the date that is six months after he or she incurs a Separation from Service, and it shall also be consistent with any additional administrative requirements that apply to such elections. In the event that no deferral period is selected, the default shall be Separation from Service (and this too shall be extended six months in accordance with Section 6.03(e)). In no event shall an Eligible Executive s deferral period end later than his or her 80 th birthday, regardless of whether the Participant chose a single lump sum or installments as the form of payment. Notwithstanding an Eligible Executive s actual election of a Specific Payment Date and or Separation from Service, an Eligible Executive shall be deemed to have elected a period of deferral of not less than 
 
 (a) For Base Compensation, at least two (2) years after the end of the Plan Year during which the Base Compensation would have been paid absent the deferral and 

17 

(b) For Bonus Compensation, at least two (2) years after the date the Bonus Compensation would have been paid absent the deferral. 
 
 In the case of a deferral to a Specific Payment Date, if an Eligible Executive s Election Form either fails to specify a period of deferral or specifies a period less than the applicable minimum, the Eligible Executive shall be deemed to have selected a Specific Payment Date equal to the minimum period of deferral as provided in subsections (a) and (b) above. In the case of a deferral to Separation from Service, if an Eligible Executive s Election Form specifies Separation from Service and the Eligible Executive Separates from Service prior to the end of the minimum period of deferral as provided in subsections (a) and (b) above, the applicable Deferral Subaccount(s) shall be distributed after the end of the applicable minimum deferral period subject to the provisions of Section 6.03. 
 
 4.04 Form of Deferral Payout 
 
 An Eligible Executive making a deferral election shall specify a form of payment on his or her Election Form by designating either a lump sum payment or installment payments to be paid over a period of no more than 20 years, and not later than the Executive s 80 th birthday. Any election for installment payments shall also specify (a) the frequency for which installment payments shall be paid, which shall be quarterly, semi-annually and annually and (b) the fixed number of years over which installments are to be paid, subject to the maximums above. If an Eligible Executive elects installments for a period extending beyond the Eligible Executive s 80 th birthday or beyond 20 years, such election shall be treated as an election for installments over a period of whole and partial years that ends on the Eligible Executive s 80 th birthday or at the end of 20 years provided that the amounts to be distributed in connection with the installments prior to the Eligible Executive s 80 th birthday or prior to the end of 20 years shall be determined in accordance with Section 6.06 and his or her election by assuming that the installments shall continue for the full number of installments, with the entire remaining amount of the relevant Deferral Subaccount distributed on the Eligible Executive s 80 th birthday or at the end of 20 years. In the event that no form of payment election is made, the default shall be a lump sum payment. 
 
 4.05 Second Look Election 
 
 (a) In General . Subject to Subsection (b) below, a Participant who has made a valid initial deferral in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Article (or an initial deferral was made pursuant to Section 4.06) may subsequently make additional elections regarding the time and or form of payment of his or her deferral to the extent permitted by the Plan Administrator at the applicable time. This opportunity to modify the Participant s initial election is referred to as a Second Look Election. 
 
 (b) Requirements for Second Look Elections . A Second Look Election is subject to all of the conditions of subsection (a) above and must comply with all of the following requirements 
 
 (1) If a Participant s initial election for a deferral (or the latest subsequent Second Look Election) specified payment based on a Specific Payment Date, 
 18 

the Participant may only change the payment terms for such deferral through a current Second Look Election if the election is made at least 12 months before the Participant s original (or if applicable, last subsequently elected) Specific Payment Date. In addition, in this case the Participant s Second Look Election must provide for a new Specific Payment Date that is at least 5 years after the original (or if applicable, last subsequently elected) Specific Payment Date. The Specific Payment Date applicable pursuant to a Second Look Election may not be after the Participant s 80 th birthday, and if this would be necessary to comply with 5-year rule stated above, then a Second Look Election may not be made. 
 
 (2) Subject to the special rules in subsection (c), if a Participant s initial election specified payment based on the Participant s Separation from Service, the Participant may only make a Second Look Election if the election is made at least 12 months before the Participant s Separation from Service. In addition, in this case the Participant s Second Look Election must delay the payment of the Participant s deferral to a new Specific Payment Date that turns out to be at least 5 years after the Participant s Separation from Service. If the Specific Payment Date selected in a Second Look Election turns out to be less than 5 years after the Participant s Separation from Service, the Second Look Election is void and payment shall be made based on the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 
 (3) Subject to the special rules in subsection (c), if a Participant s initial election specified payment based on the earlier of the Participant s Separation from Service or a Specific Payment Date, the Participant may only make a Second Look Election if the election is made at least 12 months before the Specific Payment Date and at least 12 months before the Participant s Separation from Service. In addition, in this case the Participant must elect a new Specific Payment Date that is at least 5 years after the prior Specific Payment Date. Then the Second Look Election will only include the new Specific Payment Date as the payment trigger and the separate Separation from Service trigger in the original election will be void. 
 
 (4) To the extent permitted by subsection (a) above, a Participant may make an unlimited number of Second Look Elections for each individual deferral, however, each Second Look Election must comply with all of the relevant requirements of this Section. 
 
 (5) A Participant who uses a Second Look Election to change the form of the Participant s payment from a lump sum to installments shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4.04 regarding installment payment elections, and such installment payments must begin no earlier than 5 years after when the lump sum payment would have been paid based upon the Participant s initial election (or, if applicable, any subsequent Second Look Election). Accordingly, a Participant may not make a Second Look Election if the election would provide for installment payments to be made after the Participant s 80 th birthday. 
 
 (6) If a Participant s initial election (or any subsequent Second Look Election) specified payment in the form of installments and the Participant wants to elect 
 19 

installment payments over a greater or lesser number of years or wants to elect a different frequency of installment payments e.g., a change from annual installments to quarterly installments), the election will be subject to the provisions of the Plan regarding installment payment elections in Section 4.04, and the first payment date of the new installment payment schedule must be no earlier than five years after the first payment date that applied under the Participant s initial (or, if applicable, subsequent) installment election. A Participant may not make such a Second Look Election if the election would provide for installment payments to be made after the Participant s 80 th birthday. 
 
 (7) If a Participant s initial election (or subsequent Second Look Election) specified payment in the form of installments and the Participant wants to elect instead payment in a lump sum, the earliest payment date of the lump sum must be no earlier than 5 years after the first payment date that applied under the Participant s initial (or, if applicable, subsequent) installment election. 
 
 (8) For purposes of this Section and Code Section 409A, all of a Participant s installment payments related to a specific deferral election shall be treated as a single payment. 
 
 A Second Look Election will be void and payment will be made based on the Participant s original election under Sections 4.03 and 4.04 if all of the provisions of the foregoing Paragraphs of this Subsection are not satisfied in full. However, if a Participant s Second Look Election becomes effective in accordance with the provisions of this Subsection, the Participant s original (or, if applicable, subsequent) election shall be superseded (including any Specific Payment Date specified therein), and this original (or, if applicable, subsequent) election shall not be taken into account with respect to the deferral that is subject to the effective Second Look Election. 
 
 (c) Special Rules for Certain Second Look Elections . Notwithstanding the provisions in subsections (b)(2) and (b)(3), if a Participant s initial deferral election specified payment based on the Participant s Separation from Service or the earlier of the Participant s Separation from Service or a Specific Payment Date, then 
 
 (1) If such Participant is determined to be Disabled, such Participant shall not be eligible to make a Second Look Election on or after the date the Participant is determined to be Disabled and 
 
 (2) If such Participant submits a Second Look Election, such Participant s Second Look Election shall not take effect until the later of (i) the date the Participant is eligible for Retirement (without having to actually Separate from Service) or (ii) the date that is 12 months after the date on which the Second Look Election is made. 
 
 For purposes of paragraph (2) above, if a Participant Separates from Service prior to the date that a Participant s Second Look Election takes effect, then the Participant s Second Look Election shall be void and payment shall be made based on the Participant s original deferral election under Sections 4.03 and 4.04. 

20 

(d) Plan Administrator s Role . Each Participant has the sole responsibility to elect a Second Look Election by contacting the Recordkeeper (or, if authorized, the Plan Administrator) and to comply with the requirements of this Section. The Plan Administrator or the Recordkeeper may provide a notice of a Second Look Election opportunity to some or all Participants, but the Recordkeeper and Plan Administrator is under no obligation to provide such notice (or to provide it to all Participants, in the event a notice is provided only to some Participants). The Recordkeeper and the Plan Administrator have no discretion to waive or otherwise modify any requirement for a Second Look Election set forth in this Section or in Section 409A. 
 
 4.06 Signing Bonus Deferrals. 
 
 (a) General . As provided in this Section, an Eligible Executive s Employer or the Company may provide for the mandatory deferral under the Plan of a Signing Bonus. 
 
 (b) Deferrals . To the extent provided in an Eligible Executive s offer of employment letter (the Offer Letter ), all or a portion of an Eligible Executive s Signing Bonus may be automatically deferred under this Plan without any requirement or right on behalf of the Eligible Executive to make a deferral election. Such deferral shall occur immediately prior to the time the Eligible Executive first has a legally binding right to the Signing Bonus or otherwise prior to the first date his or her employment is effective and he or she begins to render services (whichever is earlier). The deferred portion of the Signing Bonus (if any) shall be credited to a separate Deferral Subaccount for the applicable Plan Year. 
 
 (c) Time and Form of Payment . The Signing Bonus shall be deferred until the Specific Payment Date and or the Participant s Separation from Service, but extended six months in accordance with Section 6.03(e), as enumerated in the Offer Letter, and the Eligible Executive shall not be permitted to make an initial election for the time and form of payment of the Signing Bonus. If the Offer Letter does not specify a time of payment, the default shall be Separation from Service extended six months in accordance with Section 6.03(e)) . All deferrals of Signing Bonuses shall be payable in a lump sum payment at the time specified in the foregoing sentences. However, if an Eligible Executive properly completes a Second Look Election and changes the time of payment pursuant to such Second Look Election, he she may also change the form of payment pursuant to such Second Look Election. 
 
 (d) Phantom Investments . The Signing Bonus deferrals shall be invested in the investment options enumerated in the Offer Letter, and if no such specification is included in the Offer Letter, the deferral shall be invested in the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund. 
 21 

ARTICLE V INTERESTS OF PARTICIPANTS 
 
 5.01 Accounting for Participants Interests 
 
 (a) Deferral Subaccounts . Each Participant shall have at least one separate Deferral Subaccount for each separate deferral of Base Compensation, Bonus Compensation or Signing Bonus made by the Participant under this Plan. A Participant s deferral shall be credited as of the date of the deferral to his or her Account as soon as administratively practicable following the date the compensation would be paid in the absence of a deferral. A Participant s Account is a bookkeeping device to track the value of the Participant s deferrals (and his or her Employer s liability therefor). No assets shall be reserved or segregated in connection with any Account, and no Account shall be insured or otherwise secured. 
 
 (b) Account Earnings or Losses . As of each Valuation Date, a Participant s Account shall be credited with earnings and gains (and shall be debited for expenses and losses) determined as if the amounts credited to his or her Account had actually been invested as directed by the Participant in accordance with this Article. The Plan provides only for phantom investments, and therefore such earnings, gains, expenses and losses are hypothetical and not actual. However, they shall be applied to measure the value of a Participant s Account and the amount of his or her Employer s liability to make deferred payments to or on behalf of the Participant. 
 
 5.02 Investment Options 
 
 (a) General . Each of a Participant s Deferral Subaccounts shall be invested on a phantom basis in any combination of phantom investment options specified by the Participant (or following the Participant s death, by his or her Beneficiary) from those offered by the Plan Administrator for this purpose from time to time. The Plan Administrator may discontinue any phantom investment option with respect to some or all Accounts, and it may provide rules for transferring a Participant s phantom investment from the discontinued option to a specified replacement option (unless the Participant selects another replacement option in accordance with such requirements as the Plan Administrator may apply). 
 
 (b) Phantom Investment Options . The basic phantom investment options offered under the Plan are as follows 
 
 (1) Phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund . Participant Accounts invested in this phantom option are adjusted to reflect an investment in YUM! Brands Common Stock. An amount deferred into this option is converted to phantom shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock of equivalent value by dividing such amount by the Fair Market Value of a share of YUM! Brands Common Stock on the Valuation Date as of which the amount is treated as invested in this option by the Plan Administrator. Only whole shares are determined. Any partial share (and all amounts that would be received by the fund as dividends, if dividends were paid on phantom shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock as they are on actual shares) are credited to a dividend subaccount that is invested on a phantom basis as described below. The Plan Administrator shall adopt a fair valuation methodology for valuing a phantom investment in this option, such 
 22 

that the value shall reflect the complete value of an investment in YUM! Brands Common Stock in accordance with the following subparagraphs below. 
 
 (A) A Participant s interest in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund is valued as of a Valuation Date by multiplying the number of phantom shares credited to his or her Account on such date by the Fair Market Value of a share of YUM! Brands Common Stock on such date. 
 
 (B) If shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock change by reason of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or any other corporate change treated as subject to this provision by the Plan Administrator, such equitable adjustment shall be made in the number and kind of phantom shares credited to an Account or Deferral Subaccount as the Plan Administrator may determine to be necessary or appropriate. 
 
 (C) In no event will shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock actually be purchased or held under this Plan, and no Participant shall have any rights as a shareholder of YUM! Brands Common Stock on account of an interest in this phantom option. 
 
 (D) All amounts that would be received by the Fund as dividends, if dividends were paid on phantom shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock as they are on actual shares are credited to a dividend subaccount that is invested on a phantom basis (the Dividend Subaccount ). Amounts credited to a Participant s Dividend Subaccount shall accrue a return based upon the rate of return as in effect from time to time under the phantom Stable Value Fund option (as determined by the Recordkeeper). An amount is credited with the applicable rate of return beginning with the date as of which the amount is treated as invested in this option by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 (E) All amounts initially deferred or transferred into the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund must remain invested in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund and may not be transferred into another phantom investment option. 
 
 (2) Phantom YUM! Brands Discount Stock Fund . A Participant may elect to defer the Participant s Bonus Compensation for each Plan Year and the Employer or the Company may require the deferral of a Participant s Signing Bonus (if applicable) to the YUM! Brands Discount Stock Fund (the Discount Stock Fund ). The Discount Stock Fund shall operate under the same rules as the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund in subsection (b)(1) above subject to the following special rules 
 
 (A) An amount deferred into this option is converted to phantom shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock by dividing such amount by seventy-five percent (75 of the Fair Market Value of a share of YUM! Brands Common Stock on the Valuation Date as of which the amount is treated as 
 23 

invested in the Discount Stock Fund by the Plan Administrator. Only whole shares are determined. Any partial share (and all amounts that would be received by the Discount Stock Fund as dividends, if dividends were paid on phantom shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock as they are on actual shares) are credited to a dividend subaccount that is invested on a phantom basis as described in subsection (b)(1) above. 
 
 (B) All amounts credited to the Discount Stock Fund shall be subject to the risk of forfeiture rules in Section 5.05. 
 
 (C) All amounts initially deferred into the Discount Stock Fund must remain invested in the Discount Stock Fund and may not be transferred into another phantom investment option. In addition, no amounts under this Plan may be transferred into the Discount Stock Fund, meaning that only initial deferrals of Bonus Compensation and a Signing Bonus may be invested on a phantom basis in the Discount Stock Fund. 
 
 (D) Effective June 1, 2014, to facilitate recordkeeping with respect to Participants interests in the Phantom YUM! Brands Matching Stock Fund, (i) the portion of a Participant s interest in the fund that is derived from his Participant deferral contributions (including phantom earnings on the phantom YUM! Brands common stock that is so derived and phantom dividends that are so derived) shall be identified as being held in the Phantom YUM! Brands EE Matching Stock Fund, and (ii) the portion of a Participant s interest in the fund that is derived from the Company-provided match on his Participant deferral contributions (including phantom earnings on the phantom YUM! Brands common stock that is so derived and phantom dividends that are so derived) shall be identified as being held in the Phantom YUM! Brands ER Matching Stock Fund . 
 
 (3) Other Phantom Funds . From time to time, the Plan Administrator shall designate which (if any) other investment options shall be available as phantom investment options under this Plan. These phantom investment options shall be described in materials provided to Participants from time to time. Any of these phantom investment options shall be administered under procedures implemented from time to time by the Plan Administrator. Unless otherwise specified in these materials or procedures, in the case of any such phantom investment option that is based on a unitized fund, an amount deferred or transferred into such option is converted to phantom units in the applicable fund of equivalent value by dividing such amount by the NAV of a unit in such fund on the Valuation Date as of which the amount is treated as invested in this option by the Plan Administrator. Thereafter, a Participant s interest in each such phantom option is valued as of a Valuation Date (or a Distribution Valuation Date) by multiplying the number of phantom units credited to his or her Account on such date by the NAV of a unit in such fund on such date. As of September 30, 2008, the following phantom investment funds shall be available under the Plan the Stable Value Fund, the Bond Market Index Fund and the Large Company Index Fund. All such phantom 
 24 

investment funds shall operate under rules similar to those that apply to these funds under the YUM! Brands 401(k) Plan. 
 
 5.03 Method of Allocation 
 
 (a) Deferral Elections . With respect to any deferral election by a Participant, the Participant may use his or her Election Form to allocate the deferral in one percent increments among the phantom investment options then offered by the Plan Administrator. If an Election Form related to an original deferral election specifies phantom investment options for less than 100 of the Participant s deferral, the Recordkeeper shall allocate the Participant s deferrals to the phantom Stable Value Fund to the extent necessary to provide for investment of 100 of the Participant s deferral. If an Election Form related to an original deferral election specifies phantom investment options for more than 100 of the Participant s deferral, the Recordkeeper shall prorate all of the Participant s investment allocations to the extent necessary to reduce (after rounding to whole percents) the Participant s aggregate investment percentages to 100 . 
 
 (b) Fund Transfers . A Participant may reallocate previously deferred amounts in a Deferral Subaccount by properly completing and submitting a fund transfer form provided by the Plan Administrator or Recordkeeper and specifying, in one percent increments, the reallocation of his or her Deferral Subaccount among the phantom investment options then offered by the Plan Administrator for this purpose. (The rules relating to non-paper formats for Election Forms shall also apply to the fund transfer form.) If a fund transfer form provides for investing less than or more than 100 of the Participant s Deferral Subaccount, it will be void and disregarded. Any transfer form that is not void under the preceding sentence shall be effective as of the Valuation Date next occurring after its receipt by the Recordkeeper, but the Plan Administrator or Recordkeeper may also specify a minimum number of days in advance of which such transfer form must be received in order for the form to become effective as of such next Valuation Date. If more than one fund transfer form is received on a timely basis, the form that the Plan Administrator or Recordkeeper determines to be the most recent shall be followed. Transfers shall be subject to the transfer restrictions noted in Sections 5.02(b)(1) and (b)(2). 
 
 (c) Phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund and Discount Stock Fund Restrictions . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.02 or this Section 5.03, the Plan Administrator may at any time alter the effective date of any investment or allocation involving the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or the phantom Discount Stock Fund pursuant to Section 7.03(j) (relating to safeguards against insider trading). The Plan Administrator may also, to the extent necessary to ensure compliance with Rule 16b-3(f) of the Act, arrange for tracking of any such transaction defined in Rule 16b-3(b)(1) of the Act and bar any such transaction to the extent it would not be exempt under Rule 16b-3(f). The Company may also impose blackout periods pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 whenever the Company determines that circumstances warrant. Further, the Company may impose quarterly blackout periods on insider trading in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund and phantom Discount Stock Fund as needed (as determined by the Company), timed to coincide with the release of the Company s quarterly earnings reports. The commencement and termination of these blackout periods in each quarter, the parties to which they apply and the activities they restrict shall be as set forth in the official insider trading policy 
 25 

promulgated by the Company from time to time. These provisions shall apply notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary except Section 7.07 (relating to compliance with Section 409A). 
 
 5.04 Vesting of a Participant s Account 
 
 Subject to Section 5.05, a Participant s interest in the value of his or her Account shall at all times be 100 percent vested, which means that it will not forfeit as a result of his or her Separation from Service. 
 
 5.05 Risk of Forfeiture 
 
 (a) General . Amounts deferred into the phantom Matching Stock Fund pursuant to Section 5.02(b)(2) above shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 5.05. 
 
 (b) Risk of Forfeiture Rules . A Participant shall forfeit the entire amount credited to a Deferral Subaccount that is invested in the phantom Matching Stock Fund option (as adjusted for changes in value pursuant to Section 5.01(b) and including the value of the Dividend Subaccount in the Matching Stock Fund), if the Participant has a termination of employment prior to the second anniversary of the date as of which the Participant s deferral was credited to the Deferral Subaccount (the Second Anniversary ), except that effective June 1, 2014, if the Participant is eligible for Retirement at the time the deferral is made (or at the time of the Participant s first Separation from Service that follows the date as of which the Participant s deferral was credited to the Participant s Deferral Subaccount), the following amounts shall not be subject to forfeiture (i) the deferral itself, and (ii) any earnings thereon as of such termination of employment, including any amounts credited to the Dividend Subaccount with respect to the deferral (but forfeiture shall still apply in this case to the related 33 1 3 matching contribution and the earnings on the matching contribution, including any amounts credited to the Dividend Subaccount with respect to the matching contribution). Notwithstanding the prior sentence, if the Participant s termination of employment was prior to the Second Anniversary, but the Plan Administrator determines that the termination was on account of any of the following events, then no forfeiture shall occur (except as provided below) 
 
 (1) An involuntary termination without cause, in which case the amount in the Deferral Subaccount(s) shall be recalculated to equal the original amount of the Participant s deferral to the Deferral Subaccount(s) (i.e., the total value of the match shall be eliminated). 
 
 (2) Disability or death. 
 
 (3) Either (i) an involuntary termination without cause pursuant to a restructuring designated by the Company as a Reduction in Force or a similar structured event authorized by the Company, or (ii) effective August 1, 2016, a qualifying termination as part of a voluntary window program. 
 
 (4) A change in control of the Company. 
 
 26 

(5) A termination solely as a result of a Company-approved transfer to a franchisee of the Company, provided that Company expressly provides in a properly authorized written approval of the transfer that any otherwise applicable forfeiture under this Subsection will be waived. 
 
 For purposes of this subsection, the total value of the match shall mean the value of the 33 1 3 matching contribution of YUM! Brands Common Stock under Section 5.02(b)(2), plus the net appreciation (or minus the net depreciation) in the Fair Market Value of YUM! Brands Common Stock since the deferral, and plus the amount credited to the Dividend Subaccount with respect to the deferral. In addition, for purposes of this subsection, a qualifying termination as part of a voluntary window program shall refer to a Participant s voluntary termination of employment from the YUM! Brands Organization that (A) is in connection with a written, Company-authorized program that provides special incentives for voluntarily terminating employment during a specified period, and (B) under which the Participant has qualified in all respects for the maximum level of benefits that were available to the Participant for voluntarily terminating, under the terms of the written termination incentive program. 
 
 To the extent there is no forfeiture as provided above, any and all distributions of the affected Deferral Subaccounts shall be made pursuant to the regular rules of Article VI. 

27 

ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 6.05 General 
 
 A Participant s Deferral Subaccount(s) that are governed by the terms of this 409A Program shall be distributed as provided in this Article, subject in all cases to Section 7.03(j) (relating to safeguards against insider trading) and Section 7.06 (relating to compliance with Section 16 of the Act). All Deferral Subaccount balances (other than those hypothetically invested in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or the Discount Stock Fund) shall be distributed in cash. Any amount hypothetically invested in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or the Discount Stock Fund shall be distributed in whole shares of YUM! Brands Common Stock (with any partial share distributed in cash and the Dividend Subaccount also distributed in cash). In no event shall any portion of a Participant s Account be distributed earlier or later than is allowed under Section 409A. 
 
 The following general rules shall apply for purposes of interpreting the provisions of this Article VI. 
 
 (a) Section 6.02 (Distributions Based on a Specific Payment Date) applies when a Participant has elected to defer until a Specific Payment Date and the Specific Payment Date is reached before the Participant s death. If such a Participant dies prior to the Specific Payment Date, Section 6.04 shall apply to the extent it would result in an earlier distribution of all or part of a Participant s Account. 
 
 (b) Section 6.03 (Distributions on Account of a Separation from Service) applies when a Participant has elected to defer until a Separation from Service and then the Participant Separates from Service (other than as a result of death). 
 
 (c) Section 6.04 (Distributions on Account of Death) applies when the Participant dies. If a Participant is entitled to receive or is receiving a distribution under Section 6.02 or 6.03 at the time of his or her death, Section 6.04 shall take precedence over those sections to the extent Section 6.04 would result in an earlier distribution of all or part of a Participant s Account. 
 
 (d) Section 6.05 (Distributions on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency) applies when the Participant incurs an Unforeseeable Emergency prior to when a Participant s Account is distributed under Sections 6.02 through 6.04. In this case, the provisions of Section 6.05 shall take precedence over Sections 6.02 through 6.04 to the extent Section 6.05 would result in an earlier distribution of all or part of the Participant s Account. 
 
 6.02 Distributions Based on a Specific Payment Date 
 
 This Section shall apply to distributions that are to be made upon the occurrence of a Specific Payment Date. In the event a Participant s Specific Payment Date for a Deferral Subaccount is reached before the Participant s Separation from Service or death, such Deferral Subaccount shall be distributed based on the occurrence of such Specific Payment Date in accordance with the following terms and conditions 
 
 28 

(a) If a Participant s Deferral Subaccount is to be paid in the form of a lump sum pursuant to Sections 4.04 or 4.05, whichever is applicable, the Deferral Subaccount shall be valued as of the last Distribution Valuation Date that immediately precedes the Specific Payment Date, and the resulting amount shall be paid in a single lump sum on the Specific Payment Date. 
 
 (b) If a Participant s Deferral Subaccount is to be paid in the form of installments pursuant to Section 4.04 or 4.05, whichever is applicable, the Deferral Subaccount shall be valued as of the last Distribution Valuation Date that immediately precedes the Specific Payment Date and the first installment payment shall be paid on the Specific Payment Date. Thereafter, installment payments shall continue in accordance with the schedule elected by the Participant on the Election Form or the Second Look Election (whichever is applicable, and subject in each case to the provisions of this Plan that constrain such elections), except as provided in Sections 6.04 and 6.05 (relating to distributions on account of death and Unforeseeable Emergency). The amount of each installment shall be determined under Section 6.06. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Subsection, if before the date the last installment distribution is processed for payment the Participant would be entitled to a distribution in accordance with Section 6.04 (relating to a distribution on account of death), the remaining balance of the Participant s Deferral Subaccounts that would otherwise be distributed based on such Specific Payment Date shall instead be distributed in accordance with Section 6.04 (relating to distributions on account of death), but only to the extent it would result in an earlier distribution of the Participant s Subaccounts in the case of Section 6.04. 
 
 (c) If the Participant selected both Separation from Service and a Specific Payment Date for a Deferral Subaccount, then the provisions of Section 6.03(c) shall apply. 
 
 6.03 Distributions on Account of a Separation from Service 
 
 This Section shall apply to distributions that are to be made upon Separation from Service. When used in this Section, the phrase Separation from Service shall only refer to a Separation from Service that is not for death. In all cases, the time of payment rules in this Section shall be subject to the last sentence of Section 4.03 regarding the minimum deferral period. 
 
 (a) If the Participant s Separation from Service is prior to the Specific Payment Date that is applicable to a Deferral Subaccount, the Participant s Deferral Subaccount shall be distributed as of the first day of the first calendar quarter that immediately follows the Participant s Separation from Service (or such later calendar quarter following the Participant s Separation from Service as applies under subsection (e) below), with such distribution to be made as provided in subsection (d) below. 
 
 (b) If the Participant has selected payment of his or her deferral on account of Separation from Service only, the Participant s Deferral Subaccount shall be distributed as of the first day of the first calendar quarter that immediately follows the Participant s Separation from Service (or such later calendar quarter following the Participant s Separation from Service as applies under subsection (e) below), with such distribution to be made as provided in subsection (d) below. 
 
 29 

(c) If the Participant selected both Separation from Service and a Specific Payment Date for a Deferral Subaccount, then the distribution of the related Deferral Subaccount shall commence as follows 
 
 (1) If the Specific Payment Date occurs prior to the Separation from Service, then the Deferral Subaccount shall be valued and distributed based on the Specific Payment Date pursuant to the provisions of Sections 6.02(a) and (b) and 
 
 (2) If the Separation from Service occurs prior to the Specific Payment Date, the Deferral Subaccount shall be valued and distributed based on the Separation from Service pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.03(a). 
 
 (d) The distribution provided in subsections (a), (b) or (c) shall be made in either a single lump sum payment or in installment payments depending upon the Participant s deferral election under Sections 4.04 or 4.05. If the Deferral Subaccount is to be paid in the form of a lump sum, the Deferral Subaccount shall be distributed on the first day of the first calendar quarter that is after the Separation from Service. If a Participant s Deferral Subaccount is to be paid in the form of installments, the first installment payment shall be paid on the first day of the first calendar quarter that is after the Separation from Service. Thereafter, installment payments shall continue in accordance with the schedule elected by the Participant on his her Election Form or Second Look Election (and subject in each case to the provisions of this Plan that constrain such elections), except as provided in Sections 6.04 and 6.05 (relating to distributions on account of death and Unforeseeable Emergency). The amount of each installment shall be determined under Section 6.06. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Subsection, if before the date the last installment distribution is processed for payment the Participant would be entitled to a distribution in accordance with Section 6.04 (relating to a distribution on account of death), the remaining balance of the Participant s Deferral Subaccounts that would otherwise be distributed based on such Separation from Service shall instead be distributed in accordance with Section 6.04 (relating to a distribution on account of death), but only to the extent it would result in an earlier distribution of the Participant s Subaccounts in the case of Section 6.04. Unless otherwise provided in this Section, a distribution shall be valued as of the Distribution Valuation Date that immediately precedes the date the payment is to be made. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.03, until such time as it is amended to provide otherwise, the Plan s limitations on permitted payment elections provide and shall continue to provide that a Participant may not elect to receive payment as a result of Separation from Service earlier than the date that is at least six months after the Participant s Separation from Service, and payments under this Section 6.03 shall be made accordingly. Unless a later Distribution Valuation Date applies under the terms of the Participant s election (and the applicable administrative rules of the Plan), any payment under this subsection (e) shall be valued as of the first Distribution Valuation Date that is on or after the date that is six months after the date of the Participant s Separation from Service and the resulting amount shall be distributed on such date (in the case of a lump sum payment) or commencing on such date (in the case of installment payments). 
 
 (f) If the Participant is receiving installment payments for one or more Deferral Subaccounts in accordance with Section 6.02 at the time of his or her Separation from Service, such installment payments shall continue to be paid based upon the Participant s 
 30 

deferral election (but subject to acceleration under Sections 6.04 and 6.05 relating to distributions on account of death and Unforeseeable Emergency). 
 
 6.04 Distributions on Account of Death 
 
 (a) Upon a Participant s death, the Participant s Account under the Plan shall be distributed in a single lump sum payment during a payment period that begins on the Participant s date of death and ends on the later of (i) 90 days following the date of death, and (ii) the end of the Plan Year containing the date of death provided that the payment period shall nevertheless end not later than March 15 of the Plan Year following the date of death. (Effective prior to January 1, 2022, the single lump sum payment was paid on the first day of the first calendar quarter that immediately followed the Participant s date of death.) Such payment shall be valued as of the Distribution Valuation Date that the Plan Administrator determines most recently precedes the date payment is to be made. If the Participant is receiving installment payments at the time of the Participant s death, such installment payments shall continue in accordance with the terms of the Participant s deferral election that governs such payments until the time that the lump sum payment is paid under the first two sentences of this Subsection. In this case, immediately prior to the time that such lump sum payment is to be paid all installment payments shall cease and the remaining balance of the Participant s Account shall be distributed at such scheduled payment time in a single lump sum. Amounts paid following a Participant s death, whether a lump sum or continued installments, shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary. If some but not all of the persons designated as Beneficiaries by a Participant to receive his or her Account at death predecease the Participant, the Participant s surviving Beneficiaries shall be entitled to the portion of the Participant s Account intended for such pre-deceased persons in proportion to the surviving Beneficiaries respective shares. 
 
 (b) Effective from and after January 1, 2009, if no designation is in effect at the time of a Participant s death (as determined by the Plan Administrator) or if all persons designated as Beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, then the payments to be made pursuant to this Section shall be distributed as follows 
 
 (1) If the Participant is married at the time of his her death, all payments made pursuant to this Section shall be paid to the Participant s spouse and 
 
 (2) If the Participant is not married at the time of his her death, all payments made pursuant to this Section shall be paid to the Participant s estate. 
 
 The Plan Administrator shall determine whether a Participant is married and shall determine a Participant s spouse based on the state or local law where the Participant has his her primary residence at the time of death. The Plan Administrator is authorized to make any applicable inquires and to request any documents, certificates or other information that it deems necessary or appropriate in order to make the above determinations. 
 
 (c) Prior to the time the value of the Participant s Account is distributed under this Section, the Participant s Beneficiary may apply for a distribution under Section 6.05 (relating to a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency). 
 
 31 

(d) Any claim to be paid any amounts standing to the credit of a Participant in connection with the Participant s death must be received by the Plan Administrator or the Plan Administrator at least 14 days before any such amount is paid out by the Plan Administrator. Any claim received thereafter is untimely, and it shall be unenforceable against the Plan, the Company, the Plan Administrator, the Plan Administrator or any other party acting for one or more of them. 
 
 6.05 Distributions on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency 
 
 Prior to the time that an amount would become distributable under Sections 6.02 through 6.04, a Participant or Beneficiary may file a written request with the Recordkeeper for accelerated payment of all or a portion of the amount credited to the Participant s Account based upon an Unforeseeable Emergency. After an individual has filed a written request pursuant to this Section, along with all supporting material that may be required by the Recordkeeper from time to time, the Recordkeeper shall determine within 60 days (or such other number of days that is necessary if special circumstances warrant additional time) whether the individual meets the criteria for an Unforeseeable Emergency. If the Recordkeeper determines that an Unforeseeable Emergency has occurred, the Participant or Beneficiary shall receive a distribution from his or her Account as of the day the Recordkeeper finalizes the determination. However, such distribution shall not exceed the dollar amount necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency (plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution) after taking into account the extent to which the Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship). 
 
 6.06 Valuation 
 
 In determining the amount of any individual distribution pursuant to this Article, the Participant s Deferral Subaccount shall continue to be credited with earnings and gains (and debited for expenses and losses) as specified in Article V until the Distribution Valuation Date that is used in determining the amount of the distribution under this Article. If a particular Section in this Article does not specify a Distribution Valuation Date to be used in calculating the distribution, the Participant s Deferral Subaccount shall continue to be credited with earnings and gains (and debited for expenses and losses) as specified in Article V until the Distribution Valuation Date that precedes such distribution. In determining the value of a Participant s remaining Deferral Subaccount following an installment distribution from the Deferral Subaccount (or a partial distribution under Section 6.05 relating to a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency), such distribution shall reduce the value of the Participant s Deferral Subaccount as of the close of the Distribution Valuation Date preceding the payment date for such installment (or partial distribution). The amount to be distributed in connection with any installment payment shall be determined by dividing the value of a Participant s Deferral Subaccount as of such preceding Distribution Valuation Date (determined before reduction of the Deferral Subaccount as of such Distribution Valuation Date in accordance with the preceding sentence) by the remaining number of installments to be paid with respect to the Deferral Subaccount. 
 
 32 

6.07 Section 162(m) Compliance 
 
 (a) Effective January 1, 2018, the Plan Administrator shall have the maximum discretion to delay payments (as well as to not delay or not further delay payments) that is permissible under both Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(7)(i) (relating to payments that are expected to be subject to Code Section 162(m)) and under all other Internal Revenue Service guidance concerning the interrelationship of Code Sections 162(m) and 409A (hereafter, the Section 162(m) Rule while still having (i) the delay be exempt from Section 409A s rules for subsequent deferral elections, and (ii) the payment without delay (or with a truncated delay) not violate Section 409A s rules prohibiting accelerated payments. If any payment is delayed or accelerated pursuant to the discretion granted by the prior sentence, it shall be paid in the Plan Administrator s discretion taking into account the Section 162(m) Rule and in a manner that is consistent with clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence. 
 (b) Effective prior to January 1, 2018, if a Participant has elected to defer income, which would qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m), then such Deferral Subaccount may not be paid out at any time while the Participant is a covered employee under Code Section 162(m)(3), to the extent it would result in compensation being paid to the Participant in such year that would not be deductible under Code Section 162(m). The payout of any such amount shall be deferred until a year when its payout will not result in the payment of non-performance-based compensation that exceeds the 1 million cap in Code Section 162(m)(1) (and then only such portion that will not exceed such cap shall be paid out in the year). However, the total amount (i) which stands to the credit of the Participant in the Plan, and (ii) which would be currently or previously distributed from the Plan but for this Section, shall be paid out in the first calendar year when the Participant is no longer a Code Section 162(m) covered employee. This Section shall apply notwithstanding the fact that a Participant would otherwise be entitled to an earlier distribution under the foregoing provisions of this Article, except that a Participant may receive an earlier distribution with respect to deferrals subject to this Section to the extent the Participant qualifies for such an earlier distribution under Section 6.05. 
 
 6.08 Impact of Section 16 of the Act on Distributions 
 
 The provisions of Sections 5.03(c) and 7.06 shall apply in determining whether a Participant s distribution shall be delayed beyond the date applicable under the preceding provisions of this Article VI. 
 
 6.09 Involuntary Cashout 
 
 Subject to subsection (b) below, the Plan Administrator shall have the maximum discretion that is permitted under Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(v) (relating to limited cashouts) to require a mandatory lump sum payment of all of a Participant s Account under the Plan (together with any other deferred compensation benefits that are required to be aggregated with the Account under Section 409A), but only if the total payment would not exceed the applicable dollar limitation (as defined in the next sentence). For this purpose, the applicable dollar limitation is the limitation in effect under Code Section 402(g)(1)(B) for the Plan Year. 
 
 33 

(a) The foregoing provisions of this Section 6.09 shall be applied separately to the portion of the Plan that is described in Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(A) (relating to elective deferral account balance plans) and Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(B) (relating to non-elective deferral account balance plans). Accordingly, a Participant who has a Matching Stock Fund interest, which includes both elective and non-elective deferrals, may receive two separate cashouts, each of which is individually not more than the applicable dollar limitation above. 
 
 (b) If the Participant is entitled to a distribution as a result of a Separation from Service, this Section 6.09 may not be used to make a payment to the Participant prior to when would apply under Section 6.03(e) (relating to delaying distribution for six months after Separation from Service) unless at such time the Participant will also be receiving a mandatory cashout under the YUM! Brands Leadership Retirement Plan (which will be aggregated with the Participant s non-elective deferrals under this Plan), and the Participant is not a Key Employee. 
 
 6.10 Actual Payment Date 
 
 An amount payable on a date specified in this Article VI shall be paid no later than the later of (a) the end of the calendar year in which the specified date occurs, or (b) the 15 th day of the third calendar month following such specified date. In addition, the Participant (or Beneficiary) is not permitted to designate the taxable year of the payment. 

34 

ARTICLE VII PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 
 7.01 Plan Administrator 
 
 The Plan Administrator is responsible for the administration of the Plan. The Plan Administrator has the authority to name one or more delegates to carry out certain responsibilities hereunder, as specified in the definition of Plan Administrator. Any such delegation shall state the scope of responsibilities being delegated and is subject to Section 7.06 below. 
 
 7.02 Action 
 
 Action by the Plan Administrator may be taken in accordance with procedures that the Plan Administrator adopts from time to time or that the Company s Legal Department determines are legally permissible. 
 
 7.03 Powers of the Plan Administrator 
 
 The Plan Administrator shall administer and manage the Plan and shall have (and shall be permitted to delegate) all powers necessary to accomplish that purpose, including the following 
 
 (a) To exercise its discretionary authority to construe, interpret, and administer this Plan 
 
 (b) To exercise its discretionary authority to make all decisions regarding eligibility, participation and deferrals, to make allocations and determinations required by this Plan, and to maintain records regarding Participants Accounts 
 
 (c) To compute and certify to the Employers the amount and kinds of payments to Participants or their Beneficiaries, and to determine the time and manner in which such payments are to be paid 
 
 (d) To authorize all disbursements by the Employer pursuant to this Plan 
 
 (e) To maintain (or cause to be maintained) all the necessary records for administration of this Plan 
 
 (f) To make and publish such rules for the regulation of this Plan as are not inconsistent with the terms hereof 
 
 (g) To delegate to other individuals or entities from time to time the performance of any of its duties or responsibilities hereunder 
 
 (h) To establish or to change the phantom investment options or arrangements under Article V 
 
 35 

(i) To hire agents, accountants, actuaries, consultants and legal counsel to assist in operating and administering the Plan and 
 
 (j) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan except Section 7.07 (relating to compliance with Section 409A), the Plan Administrator or the Recordkeeper may take any action the Plan Administrator deems is necessary to assure compliance with any policy of the Company respecting insider trading as may be in effect from time to time. Such actions may include altering the effective date of intra-fund transfers or the distribution date of Deferral Subaccounts. Any such actions shall alter the normal operation of the Plan to the minimum extent necessary. 
 
 The Plan Administrator, or a party designated by the Plan Administrator, shall have the exclusive discretionary authority to construe and to interpret the Plan, to decide all questions of eligibility for benefits and to determine the amount of such benefits. As a result, benefits under this Plan will be paid only if the Plan Administrator decides in its discretion that the Participant (or other applicant) is entitled to them. Any decisions or determinations hereunder shall be made in the absolute and unrestricted discretion of the Plan Administrator, even if (i) such discretion is not expressly granted by the Plan provisions in question, or (ii) a decision or determination is not expressly called for by the Plan provisions in question, and even though other Plan provisions expressly grant discretion or expressly call for a decision or determination. All decisions and determinations made by the Plan Administrator will be final, conclusive, and binding on all parties. The Plan Administrator may consider the intent of the Company with respect to a Plan provision in making any determination with respect to the provision, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in any document that arguably do not contemplate considering such intent. The Plan Administrator s discretion is absolute, and in any case where the breadth of the Plan Administrator s discretion is at issue, it is expressly intended that the Plan Administrator (or its delegate) be accorded the maximum possible discretion. Any exercise by the Plan Administrator of its discretionary authority shall be reviewed by a court under the arbitrary and capricious standard (i.e., abuse of discretion). 
 
 7.04 Compensation, Indemnity and Liability 
 
 The Plan Administrator will serve without bond and without compensation for services hereunder. All expenses of the Plan and the Plan Administrator will be paid by the Employers. To the extent deemed appropriate by the Plan Administrator, any such expense may be charged against specific Participant Accounts, thereby reducing the obligation of the Employers. No member of the Committee (which serves as the Plan Administrator), and no individual acting as the delegate of the Committee, shall be liable for any act or omission of any other member or individual, nor for any act or omission on his or her own part, excepting his or her own willful misconduct. The Employers (other than the Company) will indemnify and hold harmless each member of the Committee and any employee of the Company (or a Company affiliate, if recognized as an affiliate for this purpose by the Plan Administrator) acting as the delegate of the Committee against any and all expenses and liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising in connection with this Plan out of his or her membership on the Committee (or his or her serving as the delegate of the Committee), excepting only expenses and liabilities arising out of his or her own willful misconduct or bad faith. 
 
 36 

7.05 Withholding 
 
 The Employer shall withhold from amounts due under this Plan, any amount necessary to enable the Employer to remit to the appropriate government entity or entities on behalf of the Participant as may be required by the federal income tax provisions of the Code, by an applicable state s income tax provisions, and by an applicable city, county or municipality s earnings or income tax provisions. Further, the Employer shall withhold from the payroll of, or collect from, a Participant the amount necessary to remit on behalf of the Participant any Social Security or Medicare taxes which may be required with respect to amounts deferred or accrued by a Participant hereunder, as determined by the Employer. In addition, to the extent required by Section 409A, amounts deferred under this Plan shall be reported on each Participant s Form W-2 for the applicable tax year, and any amounts that become taxable hereunder shall be reported as taxable wages on the Participant s Form W-2 for the applicable tax year. All such reporting shall be performed based on the rules and procedures of Section 409A. 
 
 7.06 Section 16 Compliance 
 
 (a) In General . This Plan is intended to be a formula plan for purposes of Section 16 of the Act. Accordingly, in the case of a deferral or other action under the Plan that constitutes a transaction that could be covered by Rule 16b-3(d) or (e), if it were approved by the Company s Board or Compensation Committee Board Approval ), it is intended that the Plan shall be administered by delegates of the Compensation Committee, in the case of a Participant who is subject to Section 16 of the Act, in a manner that will permit the Board Approval of the Plan to avoid any additional Board Approval of specific transactions to the maximum possible extent. 
 
 (b) Approval of Distributions This Subsection shall govern the distribution of a deferral that (i) is wholly or partly invested in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or the Discount Stock Fund at the time the deferral would be valued to determine the amount of cash to be distributed to a Participant, (ii) either was the subject of a Second Look Election or was not covered by an agreement, made at the time of the Participant s original deferral election, that any investments in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund would, once made, remain in that fund until distribution of the deferral, (iii) is made to a Participant who is subject to Section 16 of the Act at the time the interest in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund would be liquidated in connection with the distribution, and (iv) if paid at the time the distribution would be made without regard to this subsection, could result in a violation of Section 16 of the Act because there is an opposite way transaction that would be matched with the liquidation of the Participant s interest in the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund (either as a discretionary transaction, within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(1), or as a regular transaction, as applicable) (a Covered Distribution ). In the case of a Covered Distribution, if the liquidation of the Participant s interest in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund in connection with the distribution has not received Board Approval by the time the distribution would be made if it were not a Covered Distribution, or if it is a discretionary transaction, then the actual distribution to the Participant shall be delayed only until the earlier of 
 
 37 

(1) In the case of a transaction that is not a discretionary transaction, Board Approval of the liquidation of the Participant s interest in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund in connection with the distribution, and 
 
 (2) The date the distribution would no longer violate Section 16 of the Act, e.g. , when the Participant is no longer subject to Section 16 of the Act, when the Deferral Subaccount related to the distribution is no longer invested in the phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund or Discount Stock Fund or when the time between the liquidation and an opposite way transaction is sufficient. 
 
 7.07 Conformance with Section 409A 
 
 At all times during each Plan Year, this Plan shall be operated (i) in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, and (ii) to preserve the status of deferrals under the Pre-409A Program as being exempt from Section 409A, i.e. , to preserve the grandfathered status of the Pre-409A Program. In all cases, the provisions of this Section shall apply notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan that is not contained in this Section. 
 
 As stated in Section 6.03(e), the Plan does not allow Participants to elect payment upon Separation from Service before a date that is at least six months of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. One effect of this provision is that it ensures, while it remains in effect, that payment will never be made upon Separation from Service to a Participant who is a Key Employee earlier than permitted by Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(2). However, while the Section 6.03(e) provisions for payment upon Separation from Service may be amended (to the extent permitted by Code Section 409A), this Plan shall always require (to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A) a delay in payment to Key Employees upon Separation from Service as necessary to satisfy Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(2). 
 
 7.08 Section 457A . 
 
 To avoid the application of Code Section 457A Section 457A to benefits under the Plan, the following shall apply to a Participant who transfers to a work location outside of the United States to provide services to a member of the Yum! Organization that is neither a United States corporation nor a pass-through entity that is wholly owned by a United States corporation Covered Transfer 
 
 (a) The Participant shall automatically vest in the portion of his or her Account that is invested in the Discount Stock Fund as of the last business day before the Covered Transfer and 
 
 (b) The Participant shall have no legal right to defer Base Compensation or Bonus Compensation (and the Participant shall not make such deferrals) for the Plan Year to the extent the allocation would constitute compensation that is includable in income under Section 457A. 
 
 38 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, subsection (a) and (b) above shall not apply to a Participant who has a Covered Transfer if, prior to the Covered Transfer, the Company provides a written communication (either to the Participant individually, to a group of similar Participants, to Participants generally, or in any other way that causes the communication to apply to the Participant i.e. , an applicable communication that this subsection does not apply to the Covered Transfer in question. In addition, subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to a Participant who has a Covered Transfer if the Company determines that deferrals of Base Compensation or Bonus Compensation by such Participant should not constitute compensation that is includable in income under Section 457A. Subsection (b) above and the preceding sentence shall at all times be subject to the timing requirements for deferral elections and the limitations on changes in deferral elections under Section 409A (and shall be otherwise limited to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A). 
 
 39 

ARTICLE VIII CLAIMS PROCEDURE 
 
 8.01 Claims for Benefits 
 
 The Plan Administrator has the discretionary right to modify the claims process described in this Section in any manner so long as the claims review process, as modified, includes the basic steps described in this Section and Section 8.02. If a Claimant (as defined below in Section 8.04) does not receive timely payment of any benefits which he or she believes are due and payable under the Plan, or if a Claimant believes some other right derived from or related to the Plan has been withheld or abridged, he or she may make a Claim (as defined below in Section 8.04) for benefits to the Plan Administrator. The Claim must be in writing (or in such other form acceptable to the Plan Administrator) and addressed to the Plan Administrator. If the Claim is denied, the Plan Administrator will notify the Claimant within 90 days after the Plan Administrator initially received the Claim. However, if special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the Claim, the Plan Administrator will furnish notice of the extension to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial 90-day period (indicating the special circumstances that require the extension), and such extension may not exceed one additional, consecutive 90-day period. Any notice of a denial of benefits shall advise the Claimant of the basis for the denial, pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based, any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect his or her Claim, and the steps which the Claimant must take to appeal his or her Claim. 
 
 8.02 Appeals of Denied Claims 
 
 Each Claimant whose Claim has been denied may file a written appeal for a review of his or her Claim by the Plan Administrator. The request for review must be filed by the Claimant within 60 days after he or she received the notice denying his or her Claim. Upon review, the Plan Administrator shall provide the claimant a full and fair review of the claim, including the opportunity to submit to the Plan Administrator comments, document, records and other information relevant to the claim, and the Plan Administrator s review shall take into account such comments, documents, records and information regardless of whether it was submitted or considered at the initial determination. The decision of the Plan Administrator will be communicated to the Claimant within 60 days after receipt of a request for appeal. The notice shall set forth the basis for the Plan Administrator s decision. However, if special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the appeal, the Plan Administrator will furnish notice of the extension to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial 60-day period (indicating the special circumstances that require the extension), and such extension may not exceed one additional, consecutive 60-day period. In no event shall the Plan Administrator s decision be rendered later than 120 days after receipt of a request for appeal. 
 
 Effective March 1, 2020 and continuing at least through November 1, 2022, the Department of Labor, the Department of the Treasury, and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) (collectively the Agencies extended certain deadlines applicable to the Plan in light of the COVID-19 outbreak, pursuant to the authority granted in ERISA section 518 and Code section 7508A(b) and as set forth in Disaster Relief Notices 2020-01 and 2021-01 issued by the Employee Benefits Security Administration EBSA ), and the Notice of Extension of Certain Timeframes for Employee Benefit Plans, Participants, and Beneficiaries Affected by the 
 40 

COVID 19 Outbreak issued by the Agencies. The Plan will comply with these extensions as required by applicable law and Agency guidance. Specifically, the Agencies provided that a period of up to one year may be disregarded in the case of an employee benefit plan, sponsor, administrator, participant, beneficiary, or other person with respect to the employee benefit plan in determining the date by which any action is required or permitted to be completed as a result of the Covid-19 outbreak. This relief ends on the earlier of (a) 1 year from the date a person was first eligible for the relief, or (b) 60 days after the announced end of the National Emergency (the end of the Outbreak Period), which is still on-going as of November 1, 2022. In no case will a disregarded period exceed 1 year. This relief includes but is not limited to notices and disclosures required by the Plan, and the deadlines under the ERISA claims procedure. 
 
 Any claim under the Plan that is reviewed by a court, arbitrator or any other tribunal shall be reviewed solely on the basis of the record before the Plan Administrator at the time it made its determination. In addition, any such review shall be conditioned on the Claimant s having fully exhausted all rights under this section as is more fully explained in Section 8.04. Any notice or other notification that is required to be sent to a claimant under this section may be sent pursuant to any method approved under Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104b-1 or other applicable guidance. 
 
 8.03 Special Claims Procedures for Disability Determinations 
 
 Notwithstanding Sections 8.01 and 8.02, if the Claim or appeal of the Claimant relates to Disability benefits, such Claim or appeal shall be processed pursuant to the applicable provisions of Department of Labor Regulation Section 2560.503-1 relating to Disability benefits, including Sections 2560.503-1(d), 2560.503-1(f)(3), 2560.503-1(h)(4) and 2560.503-1(i)(3). 
 
 8.04 Exhaustion of Claims Procedures. 
 (a) Before filing any Claim (including a suit or other action) in court or in another tribunal, a Claimant must first fully exhaust all of the Claimant s actual or potential rights under the claims procedures of Sections 8.01, 8.02 and 8.03. 
 (b) Upon review by any court or other tribunal, the exhaustion requirement of this Section is intended to be interpreted to require exhaustion in as many circumstances as possible (and any steps necessary to clarify or effect this intent may be taken). For example, exhaustion may not be excused (i) for failure to respond to a Claim unless the purported Claimant took steps that were sufficient to make it reasonably clear to the Plan Administrator that the purported Claimant was submitting a Claim with respect to the Plan, or (ii) for failure to fulfill a request for documents unless (A) the Claimant is lawfully entitled to receive a copy of the requested document from the Plan Administrator at the time and in the form requested, (B) the Claimant requests such documents in a writing that is addressed to and actually received by the Plan Administrator, (C) the Plan Administrator fails to provide the requested documents within 6 months after the date the request is received, or within such longer period as may be reasonable under the facts and circumstances, (D) the Claimant took steps that were sufficient to make it reasonably clear to the Plan Administrator that the Claimant was actually entitled to receive the requested documents at the time and in the form requested (i.e., generally the Claimant must provide sufficient information to place the Plan Administrator on notice of a 
 41 

colorable Claim for benefits), and (E) the documents requested and not provided are material to the determination of one or more colorable Claims of which the Claimant has informed the Plan Administrator. 
 (c) In any action or consideration of a Claim in court or in another tribunal following exhaustion of the Plan s claims procedure as described in this Section, the subsequent action or consideration shall be limited, to the maximum extent permissible, to the record that was before Plan Administrator in the claims procedure process. 
 (d) The exhaustion requirement of this Section shall apply (i) regardless of whether other Disputes (as defined below in subsection (f)) that are not Claims (including those that a court might consider at the same time) are of greater significance or relevance, (ii) to any rights the Plan Administrator may choose to provide in connection with novel Disputes or in particular situations, (iii) regardless of whether the rights are actual or potential and (iv) even if the Plan Administrator has not previously defined or established specific claims procedures that directly apply to the submission and consideration of such Claim (in which case the Plan Administrator upon notice of the Claim shall either promptly establish such claims procedures or shall apply or act by analogy to the claims procedures of Sections 8.01, 8.02 and 8.03 that apply to Claims). 
 (e) The Plan Administrator may make special arrangements to consider a Claim on a class basis or to address unusual conflicts concerns, and such minimum arrangements in these respects shall be made as are necessary to maximize the extent to which exhaustion is required. 
 (f) For purposes of this Article VIII, the following definitions apply 
 (1) A Dispute is any claim, dispute, issue, assertion, allegation, action or other matter. 
 (2) A Claim is any Dispute that implicates in whole or in part any one or more of the following 
 (i) The interpretation of the Plan 
 (ii) The interpretation of any term or condition of the Plan 
 (iii) The interpretation of the Plan (or any of its terms or conditions) in light of applicable law 
 (iv) Whether the Plan or any term or condition under the Plan has been validly adopted or put into effect 
 (v) The administration of the Plan, 
 (vi) Whether the Plan, in whole or in part, has violated any terms, conditions or requirements of ERISA or other applicable law or regulation, 
 42 

regardless of whether such terms, conditions or requirements are, in whole or in part, incorporated into the terms, conditions or requirements of the Plan, 
 (vii) A request for Plan benefits or an attempt to recover Plan benefits 
 (viii) An assertion that any entity or individual has breached any fiduciary duty 
 (ix) An assertion that any individual or entity is a Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary or assignee of any of the foregoing or 
 (x) Any Dispute or Claim that (i) is deemed similar to any of the foregoing by the Plan Administrator, or (ii) relates to the Plan in any way. 
 It is the Plan Administrator s intent to interpret and operate the Plan in good faith and at all times consistently with ERISA. Therefore, as a condition for any right or recovery related to the Plan, the Plan imposes a contractual obligation for complete exhaustion under this Section with respect to any Claim (as defined above) in order to allow for the efficient and uniform resolution of such Claims and to protect the Plan from potentially substantial and unnecessary litigation expenses that exhaustion could obviate 
 (3) A Claimant is any actual or putative employee, former employee, Executive, former Executive, Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary (or the spouse, former spouse, estate, heir or representative of any of the foregoing individuals), or any other individual, person, entity, estate, heir, or representative with an actual or purported interest that is related to the Plan, as well as any group of one or more of the foregoing, who has a Claim. A Claimant also includes any individual or entity who is alleging the individual or entity has the status of a Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary, or any other individual or entity asserting a Claim. 
 8.05 Limitations on Actions. 
 
 Any Claim filed under this Article VIII and any action filed in state or federal court by or on behalf of a Claimant for the alleged wrongful denial of Plan benefits or for the alleged interference with or violation of ERISA-protected rights must be brought within two years of the date the Claimant s cause of action first accrues. 
 (a) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to a Claimant s benefits under the Plan shall be deemed to accrue not later than the earliest of (i) when the Claimant has received the calculation of the benefits that are the subject of the Claim or legal action, (ii) the date identified to the Claimant by the Plan Administrator on which payments shall commence, (iii) when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are the basis of his Claim, or (iv) the date when the benefit was first paid, provided, or denied. 
 43 

(b) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to the alleged interference with ERISA-protected rights shall be deemed to accrue when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are alleged to constitute interference with ERISA-protected rights. 
 (c) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to any other Claim, action or suit not covered by subsection (a) or (b) above must be brought within two years of the date when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are alleged to give rise to the Claim, action or suit. 
 Failure to bring any such Claim or cause of action within this two-year time frame shall preclude a Claimant, or any representative of the Claimant, from filing the Claim or cause of action. The mandatory claim and appeal process described in Section 8.02 and any other correspondence or other communications pursuant to or following such mandatory appeals process shall not have any effect on this two-year time frame. 
 Any Claim or action brought or filed in court or any other tribunal in connection with the Plan by or on behalf of a Claimant shall only be brought and filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky. 

44 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 9.01 Amendment of Plan 
 
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has the right in its sole discretion to amend this Plan in whole or in part at any time and in any manner, including the manner of making deferral elections, the terms on which distributions are made, and the form and timing of distributions. However, except for mere clarifying amendments necessary to avoid an inappropriate windfall, no Plan amendment shall reduce the amount credited to the Account of any Participant as of the date such amendment is adopted. Any amendment shall be in writing and adopted by the Company. All Participants and Beneficiaries shall be bound by such amendment. Any amendments made to the Plan shall be subject to any restrictions on amendment that are applicable to ensure continued compliance under Section 409A. The Company s rights under this Section 9.01 shall be as broad as permissible under applicable law. 
 
 9.02 Termination of Plan 
 
 (a) The Company expects to continue this Plan, but does not obligate itself to do so. The Company, acting by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, or through its entire Board of Directors, reserves the right to discontinue and terminate the Plan at any time, in whole or in part, for any reason (including a change, or an impending change, in the tax laws of the United States or any State). Termination of the Plan will be binding on all Participants (and a partial termination shall be binding upon all affected Participants) and their Beneficiaries, but in no event may such termination reduce the amounts credited at that time to any Participant s Account. If this Plan is terminated (in whole or in part), the termination resolution shall provide for how amounts theretofore credited to affected Participants Accounts will be distributed. 
 
 (b) This Section is subject to the same restrictions related to compliance with Section 409A that apply to Section 9.01. In accordance with these restrictions, the Company intends to have the maximum discretionary authority to terminate the Plan and make distributions in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 409A), and the maximum flexibility with respect to how and to what extent to carry this out following a Change in Control (as defined in Section 409A) as is permissible under Section 409A. The previous sentence contains the exclusive terms under which a distribution may be made in connection with any change in control with respect to deferrals made under this 409A Program. 
 
 The Company s rights under this Section 9.02 shall be as broad as permissible under applicable law. 
 45 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.01 Limitation on Participant s Rights 
 
 Participation in this Plan does not give any Participant the right to be retained in the Employer s employ (or any right or interest in this Plan or any assets of the Employer other than as herein provided). The Employer reserves the right to terminate the employment of any Participant without any liability for any Claim (as defined above in Section 8.04) against the Employer under this Plan, except for a Claim for payment of deferrals as provided herein. 
 
 10.02 Unfunded Obligation of Individual Employer 
 
 The benefits provided by this Plan are unfunded. All amounts payable under this Plan to Participants are paid from the general assets of the Participant s individual Employer. Nothing contained in this Plan requires an Employer to set aside or hold in trust any amounts or assets for the purpose of paying benefits to Participants. Neither a Participant, Beneficiary, nor any other person shall have any property interest, legal or equitable, in any specific Employer asset. This Plan creates only a contractual obligation on the part of a Participant s individual Employer, and the Participant has the status of a general unsecured creditor of this Employer with respect to amounts of compensation deferred hereunder. Such a Participant shall not have any preference or priority over, the rights of any other unsecured general creditor of the Employer. No other Employer guarantees or shares such obligation, and no other Employer shall have any liability to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary. In the event, a Participant transfers from the employment of one Employer to another, the former Employer shall transfer the liability for deferrals made while the Participant was employed by that Employer to the new Employer (and the books of both Employers shall be adjusted appropriately). 
 
 10.03 Other Plans 
 
 This Plan shall not affect the right of any Eligible Executive or Participant to participate in and receive benefits under and in accordance with the provisions of any other employee benefit plans which are now or hereafter maintained by any Employer, unless the terms of such other employee benefit plan or plans specifically provide otherwise or it would cause such other plan to violate a requirement for tax favored treatment. 
 
 10.04 Receipt or Release 
 
 Any payment to a Participant in accordance with the provisions of this Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Plan Administrator, the Recordkeeper, the Company, and all Employers, and the Plan Administrator may require such Participant, as a condition precedent to such payment, to execute a receipt and release to such effect. 
 
 10.05 Governing Law 
 
 This Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed in all respects in accordance with applicable federal law as would be applied in cases that arise in the United States District 
 46 

Court for the Western District of Kentucky and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. If any provisions of this instrument shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective. 
 
 10.06 Adoption of Plan by Related Employers 
 
 The Plan Administrator may select as an Employer (other than the Company, which is automatically an Employer hereunder) any division of the Company, as well as any subsidiary or affiliate related to the Company by ownership (and that is a member of the YUM! Brands Organization), and permit or cause such division, subsidiary or affiliate to adopt the Plan. The selection by the Plan Administrator shall govern the effective date of the adoption of the Plan by such related Employer. The requirements for Plan adoption are entirely within the discretion of the Plan Administrator and, in any case where the status of an entity as an Employer is at issue, the determination of the Plan Administrator shall be absolutely conclusive. 
 
 10.07 Gender, Tense and Examples 
 
 Unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, (i) a reference to one or more genders shall include a reference to all the other genders, and (ii) the singular may include the plural, and the plural may include the singular. Whenever an example is provided or the text uses the term including followed by a specific item or items, or there is a passage having a similar effect, such passage of the Plan shall be construed as if the phrase without limitation followed such example or term (or otherwise applied to such passage in a manner that avoids limitation on its breadth of application). 
 
 10.08 Successors and Assigns Nonalienation of Benefits 
 
 This Plan inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the parties hereto and their successors, heirs and assigns provided, however, that the amounts credited to the Account of a Participant are not (except as provided in Sections 5.05 and 7.05) subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise dispose of any right to any benefits payable hereunder, including, without limitation, any assignment or alienation in connection with a separation, divorce, child support or similar arrangement, will be null and void and not binding on the Plan or the Company or any Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Plan Administrator reserves the right to make payments in accordance with a divorce decree, judgment or other court order as and when cash payments are made in accordance with the terms of this Plan from the Deferral Subaccount of a Participant. Any such payment shall be charged against and reduce the Participant s Account. 
 
 10.09 Facility of Payment 
 
 Whenever, in the Plan Administrator s opinion, a Participant or Beneficiary entitled to receive any payment hereunder is under a legal disability or is incapacitated in any way so as to be unable to manage his or her financial affairs, the Plan Administrator may direct the Employer 
 47 

to make payments to such person or to the legal representative of such person for his or her benefit, or to apply the payment for the benefit of such person in such manner as the Plan Administrator considers advisable. Any payment in accordance with the provisions of this Section shall be a complete discharge of any liability for the making of such payment to the Participant or Beneficiary under the Plan. 
 
 10.10 Electronic Signatures . 
 
 The words signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Plan or any other document or record to be signed in connection with or related to this Plan by the Company, Plan Administrator, Executive or other individual shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. 
 48 

ARTICLE XI SIGNATURE AUTHENTICATION 

The 409A Program was first adopted and approved by the Company s Board of Directors at its duly authorized meeting held in November of 2008, to be effective as of January 1, 2005, except as provided herein. Pursuant to a delegation of authority to the Company s Chief Transformation and People Officer, this 409A Program document is now hereby amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2022 (except as otherwise provided herein). 
 
 YUM! BRANDS, INC. 
 
 By 
 ______________________________________ 
 Tracy Skeans, 
 Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer 
 
 Date 
 ____________________________ 

49 

APPENDIX 
 
 The following Appendix articles modify particular terms of the Plan. Except as specifically modified in the Appendix, the foregoing main provisions of the Plan shall fully apply in determining the rights and benefits of Eligible Executives, Participants and Beneficiaries (and of any other individual claiming a benefit through or under the foregoing). In the event of a conflict between the Appendix and the foregoing main provisions of the Plan, the Appendix shall govern. 
 
 Appendix 

APPENDIX ARTICLE A RDC TRANSFERS 

In the case of an individual who satisfies the eligibility requirements to become a Participant and who previously participated in the YUM! Brands Restaurant Deferred Compensation Plan RDC Plan ), then his or her undistributed RDC Plan balance (if any) shall generally be transferred to this Plan on the January 1 st following the date on which the individual first satisfies the eligibility requirements to become a Participant. However, in the case of an individual who has an account under the RDC Plan as of immediately before the RDC Plan s Termination Time (as that term is defined in Section 7.2(b) of the RDC Plan) and who was promoted to Level 12 or above not later than immediately before such Termination Time, such individual s undistributed RDC Plan balance shall be transferred to this Plan as of immediately before such Termination Time. Thereafter, the individual s transferred balance shall be maintained under this Plan. Because the RDC Plan was frozen prior to January 1, 2005 and all amounts were earned and vested as of December 31, 2004, any balance transferred from the RDC Plan shall be transferred to and maintained under the Pre-409 Program of this Plan, and accordingly shall not be subject to Section 409A. All elections made by a Participant under the RDC Plan with respect to the Participant s transferred balance shall be preserved and shall apply under the Pre-409A Program to the fullest extent practicable, and to the extent the RDC Plan elections cannot be preserved the terms and conditions of the Pre-409A Program shall apply however, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this sentence, the administration of elections shall in all cases avoid triggering a material modification within the meaning Treasury Regulation 1.409A-6(a)(4). 
 A-1 

APPENDIX ARTICLE B CERTAIN TRANSITION RULES 

This Appendix Article B sets forth certain provisions that apply in connection with the Plan s transition to compliance with Section 409A. Unless otherwise provided below, the provisions in this Appendix Article B were originally adopted on December 23, 2005. 
 
 B.1 Q&A-20(a) Cancellation 
 
 This provision shall apply effective December 1, 2005 and solely in the case of Carl Geoff Spear (the Executive ). During the period beginning December 1, 2005 and ending December 31, 2005, the Executive may elect to cancel the deferral of his 2005 bonus pursuant to the authority of Q&A-20(a) of Notice 2005-1. To be valid, any such election must be in writing, must be signed by the Executive and must be received by the Company s Compensation Department no later than December 31, 2005. If the Executive makes an election under this Section B.1, the Executive s 2005 bonus, if any, will be paid to the Executive in a single payment at the time in 2006 when it is considered earned and vested within the meaning of Notice 2005-1, i.e. , at the time that other 2005 bonuses are generally paid to employees who did not elect to defer their 2005 bonus. This election does not apply to any other deferrals standing to the credit of the Executive under the Plan. 
 
 B.2 Conformance with Section 409A 
 
 At all times from and after January 1, 2005, this Plan shall be operated (i) in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, and (ii) to preserve the status of deferrals that were earned and vested before January 1, 2005 as being exempt from Section 409A, i.e. , to preserve the grandfathered status of such pre-409A deferrals. Any action that may be taken (and, to the extent possible, any action actually taken) by the Company, the Plan Administrator or both shall not be taken (or shall be void and without effect), if such action violates the requirements of Section 409A or if such action would adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. If the failure to take an action under the Plan would violate Section 409A, then to the extent it is possible thereby to avoid a violation of Section 409A, the rights and effects under the Plan shall be altered to avoid such violation. A corresponding rule shall apply with respect to a failure to take an action that would adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. Any provision in this Plan document that is determined to violate the requirements of Section 409A or to adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals shall be void and without effect. In addition, any provision that is required to appear in this Plan document to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, but that is not expressly set forth, shall be deemed to be set forth herein, and the Plan shall be administered in all respects as if such provision were expressly set forth. A corresponding rule shall apply with respect to a provision that is required to preserve the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. In all cases, the provisions of this Section B.2 shall apply notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan that is not contained in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section B.2 shall not apply after December 31, 2008. 
 
 B-1 

B.3 Dane Hudson 19(c) 
 
 Pursuant to an election made on November 30, 2005 under Q&A-19(c) of IRS Notice 2005-1, the Company permitted Dane Hudson to irrevocably elect to revise the time of his lump sum payment of his 2001 Bonus Compensation to a time that was on or after December 2006. Such election to revise the time of payment must be filed with the Plan Administrator pursuant to the procedures and timing requirements established by the Plan Administrator for this purpose (such procedures and timing requirements to be consistent with the requirements of Q&A-19(c)). 
 B-2 

APPENDIX ARTICLE C SPINOFF OF THE COMPANY S CHINA BUSINESS 
 
 C.1 Scope . 
 
 In connection with the Company s spinoff of its China business, this Article C supplements the basic document for the 409A Program. This Article is effective as of October 1, 2016, except as otherwise indicated. 
 
 C.2 Definitions . 
 
 This Section provides definitions for the following underlined words or phrases. Where they appear in this Article C with initial capitals, they shall have the meaning set forth below. Except as otherwise provided in this Article, all other defined terms shall have the meaning given to them by Article II. 
 
 (a) Distribution Date . The Distribution Date , as that term is defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement between the Company and Yum China. 
 
 (b) Distribution Ratio . The number of shares of Yum China common stock that are distributed with respect to each share of YUM! Brands Common Stock in connection with the spinoff of Yum China by the Company. 
 
 (c) Initial Transferred Participant . A Participant who transfers from the Company, or another member of the YUM! Brands Organization, to the Yum China Organization on the Distribution Date in connection with the Company s spinoff of Yum China. 
 
 (d) Post-Spin . As of the point in time that is immediately after the Distribution Date. 
 
 (e) Pre-Spin . As of the point in time that is immediately before the Distribution Date. 
 
 (f) Specified Participant . David C. Novak. 
 
 (g) Subsequent Transferred Participant . A Participant who transfers from the Company, or another member of the YUM! Brands Organization, to the Yum China Organization during the Transition Period in connection with the Company s spinoff of Yum China. 
 
 (h) Transition Period . A limited period after the Distribution Date for transferring employees between the Company and the Yum China Organization by mutual agreement, as applicable under the terms of the Employee Matters Agreement between the Company and Yum China, as amended. 
 
 (i) Yum China . Yum China Holdings, Inc. 
 
 C-1 

(j) Yum China Organization . The controlled group of organizations of which the Yum China is a part, as defined by Code section 414(b) and (c) and the regulations issued thereunder. An entity shall be considered a member of the Yum China Organization only during the period it is one of the group of organizations described in the preceding sentence. The Yum China Organization shall be deemed to first exist as of the Distribution Date. 
 
 C.3 Blackout Period . 
 
 In connection with the Company s spinoff of Yum China, there shall be a Blackout Period under the Plan during which normal administration of the Plan (including the availability of investment redirection) shall be suspended, except to the extent specified by the Plan Administrator. The Blackout Period shall begin and end on dates specified by the Plan Administrator. In the event a payroll date falls within the Blackout Period, special rules specified by the Plan Administrator may apply in valuing YUM! Brands Common Stock to convert Participant deferrals for the pay period into Phantom Share Equivalents. Accordingly, in determining a Participant s Phantom Share Equivalents for this pay period, a Participant s deferral amount shall be divided by the value of YUM! Brands Common Stock as determined by the Plan Administrator in accordance with these special rules. 
 
 C.4. Yum China Stock Funds . 
 
 Effective as of the Distribution Date, the Plan Administrator shall establish the following temporary investment options under the Plan (i) the Yum China Stock Fund, (ii) the Yum China Matching Stock Fund, (iii) Yum China EE Matching Stock Fund, and (iv) Yum China ER Matching Stock Fund (each a China Stock Fund and collectively the China Stock Funds ). Each Participant who has a Pre-Spin interest in the Phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund, Phantom YUM! Brands Matching Stock Fund, Phantom YUM! Brands EE Matching Stock Fund or Phantom YUM! Brands ER Matching Stock Fund (each a YUM! Brands Stock Fund shall be credited Post-Spin with a number of phantom shares of Yum China common stock, in the corresponding China Stock Fund, that is equal to the Pre-Spin number of phantom shares of YUM! Common Stock credited to the Participant in each YUM! Brands Stock Fund multiplied by the Distribution Ratio. Thereafter, the procedures for reflecting interests in the China Stock Funds shall be comparable to those used with respect the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund, including maintenance of a Dividend Subaccount for each China Stock Fund. No deferrals of Base or Bonus Compensation may be directed for investment into the China Stock Funds. 
 
 (a) Investment Reallocations . A Participant with an interest in the China Stock Funds may reallocate such interest to any investment options under the Plan that are available for this purpose at the time. Any such reallocation out of the China Stock Funds shall follow procedures for timing and operation that are comparable to those for reallocation out of the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection (a), the Specified Participant may not reallocate out of the China Stock Funds. In addition, no Participant may reallocate amounts into any of the Yum China Stock Fund. 
 
 (b) Vesting . A Participant s interest in the China Stock Funds shall be fully vested at all times. 
 
 C-2 

(c) Distributions . If a Participant becomes entitled to a distribution at a time when the Participant has an interest in the China Stock Funds, the Participant s interest in the China Stock Funds shall be distributed in-kind. A distribution in-kind shall provide a whole share of Yum China common stock for each whole phantom share of Yum China common stock with which the Participant is credited at the time (and with cash for the value of any partial phantom share of Yum China common stock with which he is credited at the time). 
 
 (d) Termination of the China Stock Funds . Effective as of the end of the day on October 31, 2018 (the Specified Time ), the China Stock Funds shall cease to be available under the Plan. 
 
 (1) Any amount still standing to the credit of a Participant in the Post-409A Program s Yum China Matching Stock Fund, Yum China EE Matching Stock Fund or Yum China ER Matching Stock Fund as of the Specified Time shall automatically be reallocated to the YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund (or another phantom investment fund selected by the Plan Administrator and communicated to affected Participants not later than six months in advance of the Specified Time). 
 
 (2) Any amount still standing to the credit of a Participant in the Yum China Stock Fund as of the Specified Time shall automatically be reallocated to a new phantom investment fund that is selected by the Plan Administrator and communicated to the affected Participants not later than six months in advance of the Specified Time. 
 
 Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the automatic reallocation specified therein shall not apply if the Participant has submitted a different reallocation that is intended to apply upon termination of the China Stock Funds in accordance with the rules for investment reallocation then applicable under the Plan. Further, any amounts that are automatically reallocated as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2) above remain subject thereafter to investment reallocation by the Participant, as permitted under Plan at the time. 
 
 C.5 Treatment of Transferring Participants . 
 
 (a) Maintenance of Accounts . The Account of each Initial Transferred Participant and Subsequent Transferred Participant under this Post-409A Program shall continue to be held upon the Participant s transfer from the YUM! Brands Organization to the Yum China Organization. Thereafter, and until the Initial Transferred Participant s or Subsequent Transferred Participant s Account is distributed, the Participant shall continue to have the right (i) to redirect the investment of his Account, subject to any limitations on redirection that apply under this Post-409A Program, and (ii) to make Second Look Elections, subject to the requirements of Section 4.05. 
 
 (b) Separation from Service and Distributions . Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2) below, the distribution provisions under this 409A Program (including the right to an accelerated distribution for certain unforeseeable emergencies under Section 6.05) shall apply in the usual manner to Initial Transferred Participants and Subsequent Transferred Participants. 
 
 C-3 

(1) Initial Transferred Participants . An Initial Transferred Participant shall not have a Separation from Service in connection with the Participant s transfer from the Company to the Yum China Organization on the Distribution Date. Instead, the Initial Transferred Participant shall Separate from Service for purposes of this Plan when the Participant separates from service (determined applying principles of Section 409A) with the Yum China Organization. Therefore, to the extent the Initial Transferred Participant is to receive an amount deferred under this 409A Program upon Separation from Service, the time and manner of the distribution shall be determined taking into account such separation from service as if it were a Separation from Service from the YUM! Brands Organization. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this paragraph (1), whether an Initial Transferred Participant (who Post-Spin transfers directly back to the YUM! Brands Organization from the Yum China Organization) has a Section 409A separation from service in connection with such transfer back shall be determined under all of the facts and circumstances at the time. 
 
 (2) Subsequent Transferred Participants . A Subsequent Transferred Participant shall have a Separation from Service as a result of the Participant s transfer from the Company to the Yum China Organization on the date of the Participant s post-Distribution Date transfer. Therefore, to the extent the Initial Transferred Participant is to receive an amount deferred under this 409A Program upon Separation from Service, the time and manner of the distribution shall be determined taking into account such Separation from Service. 
 
 C.6 Valuation of Company Stock . 
 
 To the extent that the value of Company stock is relevant under the Plan (including in connection with the Phantom YUM! Brands Common Stock Fund, the Phantom YUM! Brands Matching Stock Fund, the Phantom YUM! Brands EE Matching Stock Fund and the Phantom YUM! Brands ER Matching Stock Fund), the value of such stock shall always be determined in a manner that fully reflects any rights that a Participant or Beneficiary (or anyone claiming in respect of a Participant or Beneficiary) has to phantom Yum China stock (or cash or other rights based on phantom Yum China stock), including through an interest in any China Stock Fund (a China Stock Right ). In particular, it is intended that there never be any duplication of value when valuing Company Stock in connection with a Participant s having any China Stock Right. Accordingly, as the Plan Administrator deems it appropriate to accomplishing this purpose, the Plan Administrator may value Company stock using special valuation principles for any purpose under the Plan. It is intended that any such special valuation principles shall apply in a similar manner in connection with similar circumstances. This Section C.6 shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan. 
 C-4 

APPENDIX ARTICLE D ACQUISITION OF THE HABIT RESTAURANTS, LLC 
 
 D.1 Scope . 
 
 This Article D supplements the main portion of the Plan document in connection with the Company s acquisition of The Habit Restaurants, LLC Habit ). It is effective as of the closing date of the acquisition of Habit by the YUM! Brands Organization (the Closing ). 
 
 D.02 Status of Habit as an Adopting Employer . 
 
 For the period starting on the Closing and through December 31, 2021, Habit was not accorded the status of an adopting Employer under the Plan by the Company. Effective as of January 1, 2022, Habit was designated by the Company as an adopting Employer under the Plan. 
 
 D.03 Status of Habit Executives as Eligible Executives . 
 
 No individual providing services to Habit as an executive could become an Eligible Executive under the Plan during the period starting on the Closing and ending December 31, 2021. An individual providing services to Habit as an executive as of January 1, 2022, who satisfies the requirements to be an Executive on such date, and who satisfies all of the requirements in Section 3.01 to be an Eligible Executive on such date, shall become an Eligible Executive under the Plan as of such date. Following January 1, 2022, individuals providing services to Habit as Executive shall begin participation under the Plan in accordance with the terms governing participation in the main portion of the Plan document. 
 
 D.04 Years of Service . 
 
 In determining a Participant s years of service, years of service with Habit prior to January 1, 2022, shall be considered. 
 D-1 

APPENDIX ARTICLE E GLOBAL RULES FOR IDENTIFYING SPECIFIED EMPLOYEES UNDER COMPANY 409A PLANS EFFECTIVE MARCH 26, 2019 
 
 For purposes of all existing and future employment agreements, severance agreements, change-in-control agreements and other agreements, arrangements or plans entered into or sponsored by Yum! Brands, Inc. or any member of Yum! Brands Organization (the Company and that constitute deferred compensation plans within the meaning of Section 409A(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(a), an individual shall be considered a specified employee under Code Section 409A if he or she is determined to be a key employee of the Company. For this purpose, effective March 26, 2019, and subject to the last paragraph of these Global Rules, a key employee is any individual who is 
 
 (a) An officer of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation greater than 130,000 (as adjusted for the applicable year under Code Section 416(i)(1)) 
 
 (b) A five-percent (5 owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization or 
 
 (c) A one-percent (1 owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation of more than 150,000. 
 
 For purposes of (1) above, no more than 50 employees identified in the order of their annual compensation shall be treated as officers. 
 
 For purposes of (1) and (3) above, annual compensation means compensation as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(a), without regard to Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(d), 1.415(c)-2(e), and 1.415(c)-2(g) provided, however, that effective as of the key employee identification date that occurs on December 31, 2009, annual compensation shall not include compensation excludible from an employee s gross income on account of the location of the services or the identity of the employer that is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(g)(5)(ii). 
 
 For purposes of these Global Rules, Yum! Brands Organization means the controlled group of organizations of which the Company is a part, as defined by Section 414 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. An entity shall be considered a member of the Yum! Brands Organization only during the period it is one of the group of organizations described in the preceding sentence. 
 
 Whether an individual is a key employee shall be determined in accordance with Section 416(i) of the Code and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder or in connection therewith provided, that Section 416(i)(5) of the Code shall not apply in making such determination, and provided further that the applicable year shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and that any modification of the foregoing Code Section 416(i) definition that applies under Section 409A of the Code shall be taken into account. The provisions of this definition shall be interpreted and applied in all respects to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 E-1 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Global Rules, the Company s specified employees for the period from March 26, 2020 to March 31, 2020 shall be determined by combining the list of key employees determined as of December 31, 2018 for members of the Yum! Brands Organization as of such date (which list shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of these Global Rules) with the list of specified employees as of such date for Habit Restaurants, LLC (determined in accordance with the Section 2.25 of the Habit Restaurants Deferred Compensation Plan). Similarly, the Company s specified employees for the period from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021 shall be determined by combining the list of key employees determined as of December 31, 2019 for members of the Yum! Brands Organization as of such date with the list of specified employees as of such date for Habit Restaurants, LLC. Each such combined list reflects an alternative method for identifying specified employees in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(i)(5). Accordingly, it is expressly permissible for there to be more than 50 included on each such combined list based on their status as officers (only the underlying lists are limited to no more than 50 who are included based on their status as officers). 
 E-2 

</EX-10.4 1>

<EX-10.5 1>
 3
 yum-12312022xex1051.htm
 EX-10.5 1

Document 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. PENSION EQUALIZATION PLAN 
 (PEP) 

Plan Document for the Section 409A Program (January 1, 2022 Restatement) 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. PENSION EQUALIZATION PLAN 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE NO. 

ARTICLE I 
 1 FOREWORD 
 1 ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 3 2.1 DEFINITIONS 3 2.2 CONSTRUCTION 19 ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION AND SERVICE 
 21 3.1 PARTICIPATION 21 3.2 SERVICE 21 3.3 CREDITED SERVICE 21 ARTICLE IV REQUIREMENTS FOR BENEFITS 
 23 4.1 NORMAL 409A RETIREMENT PENSION 23 4.2 EARLY 409A RETIREMENT PENSION 23 4.3 409A VESTED PENSION 23 4.4 LATE 409A RETIREMENT PENSION 24 4.5 409A DISABILITY PENSION 24 4.6 PRE-RETIREMENT SPOUSE'S 409A PENSION 24 4.7 VESTING 27 4.8 TIME OF PAYMENT 27 4.9 CASHOUT DISTRIBUTIONS 27 4.10 REEMPLOYMENT OF CERTAIN PARTICIPANTS 30 ARTICLE V AMOUNT OF RETIREMENT PENSION 
 32 5.1 PARTICIPANT S 409A PENSION 32 5.2 PEP GUARANTEE 32 5.3 AMOUNT OF PRE-RETIREMENT SPOUSE'S 409A PENSION 33 5.4 CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS 35 5.5 EXCLUDABLE EMPLOYMENT 42 5.6 PRE-409A PENSION 42 ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS 
 43 6.1 FORM AND TIMING OF DISTRIBUTIONS 43 6.2 AVAILABLE FORMS OF PAYMENT 46 6.3 PROCEDURES FOR ELECTIONS 49 6.4 DETERMINATION OF MARITAL STATUS 51 6.5 DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY 52 6.6 REQUIRED DELAY FOR KEY EMPLOYEES 53 6.7 PAYMENT OF FICA AND RELATED INCOME TAXES 54 6.8 CORRECTION OF PAYMENTS AFFECTED BY OTHER NONQUALIFIED PLANS 56 6.9 SECTION 162(M) COMPLIANCE 57 ARTICLE VII ADMINISTRATION 
 58 7.1 AUTHORITY TO ADMINISTER PLAN 58 7.2 FACILITY OF PAYMENT 58 7.3 CLAIMS PROCEDURE 59 7.4 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR DISCRETION 61 7.5 EXHAUSTION OF CLAIMS PROCEDURES 62 

i 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. PENSION EQUALIZATION PLAN 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE NO. 

 7.6 LIMITATIONS ON ACTIONS 65 ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 67 8.1 NONGUARANTEE OF EMPLOYMENT 67 8.2 NONALIENATION OF BENEFITS 67 8.3 UNFUNDED PLAN 67 8.4 ACTION BY THE COMPANY 68 8.5 INDEMNIFICATION 68 8.6 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 409A 68 8.7 SECTION 457A 69 8.8 MISCONDUCT 71 8.9 MISSING PARTICIPANTS OF BENEFICIARIES 73 8.10 ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES 73 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 75 9.1 CONTINUATION OF THE PLAN 75 9.2 AMENDMENTS 75 9.3 TERMINATION 76 9.4 CHANGE IN CONTROL 76 ARTICLE X ERISA PLAN STRUCTURE 
 77 ARTICLE XI APPLICABLE LAW & VENUE 
 79 ARTICLE XII SIGNATURE 
 80 APPENDIX 
 81 APPENDIX ARTICLE A TRANSITION PROVISIONS 
 82 A.1 SCOPE 82 A.2 DEFINITION OF ACTUARIAL EQUIVALENT 82 A.3 TRANSITION RULES FOR ARTICLE VI (DISTRIBUTIONS) 82 A.4 CONFORMANCE WITH SECTION 409A 83 A.5 EMIL BROLICK 19(C) 84 A.6 CERTAIN 19(C) ELECTIONS 84 APPENDIX ARTICLE B COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS AND SERVICE DURING CERTAIN SEVERANCE WINDOWS 
 86 B.1 DEFINITIONS 86 B.2 INCLUSION OF SALARY AND ELIGIBLE BONUS 86 B.3 INCLUSION OF CREDITED SERVICE SERVICE 87 B.4 INCLUSION OF SERVICE 87 B.5 REDUCTION TO REFLECT EARLY PAYMENT 88 APPENDIX ARTICLE C CEO S PENSION 2012 
 89 C.1 SCOPE AND PURPOSE 89 C.2 FREEZE ASA OF JANUARY 1, 2012 89 C.3 EARLY COMMENCEMENT REDUCTION 90 C.4 DETERMINATION OF PENSION BEGINNING JANUARY 1, 2013 90 APPENDIX ARTICLE D DE-GRANDFATHERED PARTICIPANTS 
 93 D.1 SCOPE 93 D.2 MARCH 1, 2010 DE-GRANDFATHERING 93 
 
 ii 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. PENSION EQUALIZATION PLAN 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE NO. 

D.3 DE-GRANDFATHERING OF CERTAIN PRE-2005 PARTICIPANTS FOR 2012 LUMP SUM WINDOW 93 D.4 FURTHER DE-GRANDFATHERING OF PARTICIPANTS UNDER THE 409A PROGRAM 94 APPENDIX ARTICLE P RETIREMENT WINDOW BENEFIT 
 96 P.1 SCOPE 96 P.2 DEFINITIONS 96 P.3 PEP BRIDGE BENEFIT 
 97 P.4 PEP WINDOW BENEFIT 101 APPENDIX ARTICLE Q AUSTRALIAN PARTICIPANTS 
 109 Q.1 SCOPE 
 109 Q.2 DEFINITIONS 
 109 Q.3 BENEFIT FORMULA FOR AUSTRALIAN EMPLOYEES 
 111 Q.4 ALTERNATIVE ARRANGEMENTS PERMITTED 
 111 APPENDIX ARTICLE R PARTICIPANTS ON TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENT 
 113 R.1 SCOPE 113 R.2 ASSIGNMENT IN CANADA 113 R.3 ASSIGNMENT IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 114 R.4 ASSIGNMENT IN INDIA 114 R.5 ASSIGNMENT IN SINGAPORE 115 R.6 ASSIGNMENT IN RUSSIA 115 R.7 ASSIGNMENT IN SOUTH AFRICA 115 R.8 ASSIGNMENT IN THAILAND 116 R.9 ELIMINATION OF ELIGIBLE CLASSIFICATION REQUIREMENT 116 APPENDIX ARTICLE S LIMITATION ON BENEFIT ENHANCEMENTS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO SECTION 457A 
 118 S.1 SCOPE 118 S.2 SECTION 457A 118 APPENDIX ARTICLE T CEO S PENSION 2021 
 120 T.1 SCOPE AND PURPOSE 120 T.2 2020 EARNINGS 120 APPENDIX ARTICLE U GLOBAL RULES FOR IDENTIFYING SPECIFIED EMPLOYEES UNDER COMPANY 409A PLANS EFFECTIVE MARCH 26, 2019 
 121 

iii 

ARTICLE I 
 
 FOREWORD 
 
 The Yum! Brands, Inc. Pension Equalization Plan PEP or Plan has been adopted by Yum! Brands, Inc. Yum! for the benefit of certain employees of the Yum! Organization who participate in the Yum! Brands Retirement Plan Salaried Plan ). PEP provides benefits for eligible employees whose pension benefits under the Salaried Plan are limited by the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In addition, PEP provides benefits for certain eligible employees based on the pre-1989 Salaried Plan formula. 
 This Plan is first effective on October 7, 1997 in connection with the spinoff of Yum! from PepsiCo, Inc. This Plan is a successor plan to the PepsiCo Pension Equalization Plan. 
 This document is first effective as of January 1, 2005 (the Effective Date ). It sets forth the terms of the Plan that are applicable to benefits that are subject to Section 409A (the 409A Program ). A separate document sets forth the terms of the Plan for benefits that are grandfathered under Section 409A because they were earned and vested on or before December 31, 2004, and not materially modified after October 3, 2004 (the Pre-409A Program ). For the period beginning on January 1, 2005, and ending on February 28, 2010, benefits under the Pre- 409A Program were payable in accordance with the pre-409A terms of this Plan. Effective March 1, 2010, as a result of a plan amendment, benefits under the Pre-409A Program became payable and began to be administered as if they were subject to the terms of 409A Program, except with respect to the following two groups (who may be referred to as the March 1, 2010 Grandfathered Participants) (i) Pre-2005 Participants, as defined in Article II, and (ii) other Participants who have an Annuity Starting Date that occurred before March 1, 2010. 
 1 

Together, this document and the document for the Pre-409A Program describe the terms of a single plan. To the extent necessary to provide for different terms of payment, amounts subject to the terms of this 409A Program and amounts subject to the terms of the Pre-409A Program shall be tracked separately at all times. The preservation of the terms of the Pre-409A Program in the case of the March 1, 2010 Grandfathered Participants, without material modification, and the separate traction provided by the preceding sentence for 409A Program amounts and Pre-409A Program amounts were intended to be sufficient to permit the pre-409A Program to continue to remain exempt from Section 409A as grandfathered benefits. 
 Effective as of 12 02 AM on April 1, 2016, all remaining Participants in the Pre-409A Program were fully de-grandfathered, and their benefits became payable in the form and at the time specified in Appendix Article D of this plan document for the 409A Program. 
 The 409A Program has been periodically restated. The current restatement is effective as of January 1, 2022 (except as otherwise indicated). 
 2 

ARTICLE II 
 
 DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
 2.1 Definitions 
 
 This section provides definitions for certain words and phrases listed below. These definitions can be found on the pages indicated. 
 Page 
 
 (a) Accrued Benefit 5 
 (b) Actuarial Equivalent 5 
 (c) Annuity 7 
 (d) Annuity Starting Date 7 
 (e) Cashout Limit 7 
 (f) Code 8 
 (g) Company 8 
 (h) Covered Compensation 8 
 (i) Credited Service 8 
 (j) Disability Retirement Pension 8 
 (k) Early 409A Retirement Pension 8 
 (l) Effective Date 8 
 (m) Elapsed Time Service 8 
 (n) Eligible Spouse 9 
 (o) Employee 9 
 (p) Employer 9 
 (q) ERISA 9 
 3 

(r) Highest Average Monthly Earnings 
 9 
 (s) Key Employee 
 10 
 (t) Late Retirement Date 
 11 
 (u) Late 409A Retirement Pension 
 11 
 (v) Normal Retirement Age 
 11 
 (w) Normal Retirement Date 
 12 
 (x) Normal 409A Retirement Pension 
 12 
 (y) Participant 12 
 (z) Pension 12 
 (aa) Plan 12 
 (bb) Plan Administrator 
 13 
 (cc) Plan Year 
 13 
 (dd) Pre-2005 Participant 
 13 
 (ee) Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension 
 13 
 (ff) Primary Social Security Amount 
 13 
 (gg) Prior Plan 
 15 
 (hh) Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity 
 15 
 (ii) Retirement 15 
 (jj) Retirement Date 
 15 
 (kk) Retirement Pension 
 15 
 (ll) Salaried Plan 
 15 
 (mm) Section 409A 
 16 
 (nn) Separation from Service 
 16 
 
 4 

(oo) Service 18 
 (pp) Single Life Annuity 
 18 
 (qq) Single Lump Sum 
 18 
 (rr) Social Security Act 
 18 
 (ss) Taxable Wage Base 
 18 
 (tt) Vested Pension 
 19 
 (uu) Yum! Brands Organization 
 19 

Where the following words and phrases, in boldface and underlined, appear in this Plan (including the Foreword) with initial capitals they shall have the meaning set forth below, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context. 
 (a) Accrued Benefit The Pension payable at Normal Retirement Date 
 
 determined in accordance with Article V, based on the Participant's Highest Average Monthly Earnings and Credited Service at the date of determination. 
 (b) Actuarial Equivalent Except as otherwise specifically set forth in the 
 
 Plan or any Appendix to the Plan with respect to a specific benefit determination, a benefit of equivalent value computed on the basis of the factors set forth below. The application of the following assumptions to the computation of benefits payable under the Plan shall be done in a uniform and consistent manner. In the event the Plan is amended to provide new rights, features or benefits, the following actuarial factors shall not apply to these new elements unless specifically adopted by the amendment. 
 (1) Annuities and Inflation Protection To determine the amount of a 
 
 Pension payable in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or optional form of survivor annuity, an annuity with inflation protection, or as a period 
 5 

certain and life annuity, the Plan Administrator shall select the factors that are to be used. Effective January 1, 2009, the initial factors selected by the Plan Administrator are set forth in Schedule 1, below (prior factors appear in the Appendix). Thereafter, the Plan Administrator shall review such initial factors from time to time and shall amend such factors in its discretion. A Participant shall have no right to have any of the actuarial factors specified under the Plan from time to time applied to his benefit (or any portion thereof), except to the extent that a particular factor is currently in effect at the time it is to be applied under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly intended and binding upon Participants that any actuarial factors selected by the Plan Administrator from time-to-time may be applied retroactively to already accrued benefits, and without regard to the actuarial factors that may have applied previously for such purpose. 
 SCHEDULE 1 
 
 DATE MORTALITY TABLE INTEREST RATE FACTOR 
 
 FACTORS 
 
 JANUARY 1, 2009-PRESENT INSERT INSERT 
 
 (2) Lump Sums To determine the lump sum value of a Pension, or a 
 
 Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension under Section 4.6, the factors applicable for such purposes under the Salaried Plan shall apply. 
 (3) Early Commencement and Certain Other Reductions Effective 
 
 with respect to Annuity Starting Dates on and after April 1, 2016, the mortality rates that are applicable in calculating 
 6 

(i) The reduction for commencement prior to the Normal Retirement Date of a Vested Pension described in Section 4.3, and 
 (ii) The offset to a Participant s Plan benefit related to the Participant s having received or being entitled to receive another benefit (whether or not from this Plan), 
 Shall be determined using the Applicable Mortality Table and interest rate that apply under the Salaried Plan for these purposes. 
 (4) Other Cases To determine the adjustment to be made in the 
 
 Pension payable to or on behalf of a Participant in other cases, the factors are those applicable for such purpose under the Salaried Plan. 
 (c) Annuity A Pension payable as a series of monthly payments for at least 
 
 the life of the Participant. 
 
 (d) Annuity Starting Date The Annuity Starting Date shall be the first day 
 
 of the first period for which an amount is payable under this Plan as an annuity or in any other form. Notwithstanding anything else in the Plan to the contrary, the Annuity Starting Date shall be determined without regard to any delay that may be applicable to a Participant's Pension, such as the delay required for Key Employees under Section 6.6 or for prior payment elections under Section 6.1(a)(2). A Participant who (1) is reemployed after his initial Annuity Starting Date, and (2) is entitled to benefits hereunder after his reemployment, shall have a subsequent Annuity Starting Date for such benefits only to the extent provided in Section 6.3(d). 
 (e) Cashout Limit The annual dollar limit on elective deferrals under Code 
 
 section 402(g)(1)(B), as in effect from time to time. 
 7 

(f) Code The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
 
 time. All references herein to particular Code Sections shall also refer to any successor provisions and shall include all related regulations. 
 (g) Company Yum! Brands, Inc., a corporation organized and existing 
 
 under the laws of the State of North Carolina or its successor or successors. For periods before May 16, 2002, the Company was named Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc. For periods before October 7, 1997, the Company under the Prior Plan was PepsiCo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation. 
 (h) Covered Compensation Covered Compensation as that term is 
 
 defined in the Salaried Plan. 
 
 (i) Credited Service The period of a Participant's employment, calculated 
 
 in accordance with Section 3.3, which is counted for purposes of determining the amount of benefits payable to, or on behalf of, the Participant. 
 (j) Disability Retirement Pension The Retirement Pension available to a 
 
 Participant under Section 4.5. 
 
 (k) Early 409A Retirement Pension The 409A Retirement Pension 
 
 available to a Participant under Section 4.2. 
 
 (l) Effective Date The date upon which this document for the 409A 
 
 Program is effective, January 1, 2005. Certain identified provisions of the 409A Program or the Plan may be effective on different dates, to the extent noted herein. 
 (m) Elapsed Time Service The period of time beginning with a Participant s 
 
 first date of employment with the Yum! Brands Organization and ending with the 
 
 Participant s Final Separation from Service, irrespective of any breaks in service between 
 8 

those two dates. By way of illustration, if a Participant began employment with the Yum! Brands Organization on January 1, 2000, left the employment of the Yum! Brands Organization from January 1, 2001 until December 31, 2004, and was then reemployed by the Yum! Brands Organization on January 1, 2005 until he had a Final Separation from Service on December 31, 2008, the Participant would have eight years of Elapsed Time Service as of his Final Separation from Service. 
 (n) Eligible Spouse The spouse of a Participant to whom the Participant is 
 
 married on the earlier of the Participant's Annuity Starting Date or the date of the Participant's death. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant is considered married if he is considered married under the Salaried Plan, and his Eligible Spouse shall be the individual to whom he is considered married under the Salaried Plan. 
 (o) Employee An individual who qualifies as an Employee as that term is 
 
 defined in the Salaried Plan. 
 
 (p) Employer An entity that qualifies as an Employer as that term is 
 
 defined in the Salaried Plan. 
 
 (q) ERISA Public Law No. 93-406, the Employee Retirement Income 
 
 Security Act of 1974, including any amendments thereto, any similar subsequent federal laws, and any regulations from time to time in effect under any of such laws. 
 (r) Highest Average Monthly Earnings Highest Average Monthly 
 
 Earnings as that term is defined in the Salaried Plan, but without regard to the limitation imposed by section 401(a)(17) of the Code (as such limitation is interpreted and applied under the Salaried Plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that a Participant receives, during a leave of absence, earnings that would be counted as Highest Average 
 9 

Monthly Earnings if they were received during a period of active service, but that will be received after the Participant s Separation from Service, the Plan Administrator may provide for determining the Participant s 409A Pension at Separation from Service by projecting the benefit the Participant would have if all such earnings were taken into account under the Plan. 
 (s) Key Employee The individuals identified in accordance with the 
 
 following paragraphs. 
 
 (1) In General . Any Participant who at any time during the applicable 
 
 year is 
 
 (i) An officer of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation greater than 130,000 (as adjusted for the applicable year under Code Section 416(i)(1)) 
 (ii) A 5-percent owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization or 
 (iii) A 1-percent owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation of more than 150,000. 
 For purposes of subparagraph (i) above, no more than 50 employees identified in the order of their annual compensation shall be treated as officers. For purposes of this Section, annual compensation means compensation as defined in Treas. 
 Reg. 1.415(c)-2(a), without regard to Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(d), 1.415(c)-2(e), and 1.415(c)-2(g) provided, however, that effective as of the Key Employee identification date that occurs on December 31, 2009, annual compensation shall not include compensation excludible from an employee s gross income on 
 10 

account of the location of the services or the identity of the employer that is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.415(c)-2(g)(5)(ii). The Plan Administrator shall determine who is a Key Employee in accordance with Code Section 416(i) (provided, that Code Section 416(i)(5) shall not apply in making such determination), and provided further than the applicable year shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A and that any modification of the foregoing definition that applies under Section 409A shall be taken into account. 
 (2) Applicable Year . Effective from and after December 31, 2007, the 
 
 Plan Administrator shall determine Key Employees effective as of the last day of each calendar year, based on compensation for such year, and such designation shall be effective for purposes of this Plan for the twelve-month period commencing on April 1 st of the next following calendar year e.g. , the Key Employee determination by the Plan Administrator as of December 31, 2008 shall apply to the period from April 1, 2009 to March 31, 2010). 
 (t) Late Retirement Date The Late Retirement Date shall be the first day of 
 
 the month coincident with or immediately following a Participant's actual Retirement Date occurring after his Normal Retirement Age. 
 (u) Late 409A Retirement Pension The Retirement Pension available to a 
 
 Participant under Section 4.4. 
 
 (v) Normal Retirement Age The Normal Retirement Age under the Plan is 
 
 age 65 or, if later, the age at which a Participant first has 5 Years of Elapsed Time Service. 
 11 

(w) Normal Retirement Date A Participant's Normal Retirement Date shall 
 
 be the first day of the month coincident with or immediately following a Participant's Normal Retirement Age. 
 (x) Normal 409A Retirement Pension The Retirement Pension available to 
 
 a Participant under Section 4.1. 
 
 (y) Participant An Employee participating in the Plan in accordance with 
 
 the provisions of Section 3.1. 
 
 (z) Pension One or more payments that are payable by the Plan to a person 
 
 who is entitled to receive benefits under the Plan. The term 409A Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Pension that is derived from the 409A Program. The term Pre-409A Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Pension that is derived from the Pre-409A Program. Effective March 1, 2010, the Pre-409A Pension, if any, of a Participant who is not a March 1, 2010 Grandfathered Participant shall be paid and administered as if the Participant s entire Plan benefit were solely subject to the terms of the 409A Program. 
 (aa) Plan The Yum! Brands, Inc. Pension Equalization Plan, the Plan set 
 
 forth herein and in the Pre-409A Program documents, as the Plan may be amended from time to time (subject to the limitations on amendment that are applicable hereunder and under the Pre-409A Program). Prior to September 1, 2004, the Plan was known as the Tricon Pension Equalization Plan. The Plan is also sometimes referred to as PEP, and it is a successor to the PepsiCo Pension Equalization Plan, which was also known as the PepsiCo Pension Benefit Equalization Plan. 
 12 

(bb) Plan Administrator The Company, which shall have authority to 
 
 administer the Plan as provided in Article VII. 
 
 (cc) Plan Year The Plan Year shall be the 12-month period commencing on 
 
 January 1 and ending on December 31. 
 
 dd) Pre-2005 Participant A Participant whose employment with the Yum! 
 
 Brands Organization terminated on or before December 31, 2004, and whose rights to a Pension are based solely on the legally binding rights (i) that he had on (or before) December 31, 2004, and (ii) that were not materially modified after October 3, 2004. 
 (ee) Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension The Pension available to an Eligible 
 
 Spouse under the Plan. The term Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension shall be used to refer to the Pension available to an Eligible Spouse under Section 4.6 of this document. 
 (ff) Primary Social Security Amount In determining Pension amounts, 
 
 Primary Social Security Amount shall mean 
 
 (1) For purposes of determining the amount of a Retirement, Vested or Pre- Retirement Spouse's Pension, the Primary Social Security Amount shall be the estimated monthly amount that may be payable to a Participant commencing at age 65 as an old-age insurance benefit under the provisions of Title II of the Social Security Act, as amended. Such estimates of the old-age insurance benefit to which a Participant would be entitled at age 65 shall be based upon the following assumptions 
 (i) That the Participant's social security wages in any year prior to Retirement or Separation from Service are equal to the Taxable Wage Base in such year, and 
 13 

(ii) That he will not receive any social security wages after Retirement or Separation from Service. 
 However, in computing a Vested Pension under Formula A of Section 5.2, the estimate of the old-age insurance benefit to which a Participant would be entitled at age 65 shall be based upon the assumption that he continued to receive social security wages until age 65 at the same rate as the Taxable Wage Base in effect at his Separation from Service. For purposes of this subsection, social security wages shall mean wages within the meaning of the Social Security Act. 
 (2) For purposes of determining the amount of a Disability Pension, the Primary Social Security Amount shall be (except as provided in the next sentence) the initial monthly amount actually received by the disabled Participant as a disability insurance benefit under the provisions of Title II of the Social Security Act, as amended and in effect at the time of the Participant's Retirement due to disability. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, for any period that a Participant receives a Disability Pension before receiving a disability insurance benefit under the provisions of Title II of the Social Security Act, then the Participant's Primary Social Security Amount for such period shall be determined pursuant to paragraph (1) above. 
 (3) For purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2), the Primary Social Security Amount shall exclude amounts that may be available because of the spouse or any dependent of the Participant or any amounts payable on account of the Participant's death. Estimates of Primary Social Security Amounts shall be made on the basis of the Social Security Act as in effect at the Participant's Separation 
 14 

from Service Date, without regard to any increases in the social security wage base or benefit levels provided by such Act which take effect thereafter. 
 (gg) Prior Plan The PepsiCo Pension Equalization Plan. 
 
 (hh) Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity An Annuity which is payable to 
 
 the Participant for life with 50 percent of the amount of such Annuity payable after the Participant's death to his surviving Eligible Spouse for life. If the Eligible Spouse predeceases the Participant, no survivor benefit under a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall be payable to any person. The amount of a Participant's monthly payment under a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity shall be reduced to the extent provided in Sections 5.1 and 5.2, as applicable. 
 (ii) Retirement Separation from Service for reasons other than death after a 
 
 Participant has fulfilled the requirements for either a Normal, Early, Late, or Disability Retirement Pension under Article IV. 
 jj) Retirement Date The date immediately following the Participant's 
 
 Retirement. 
 
 kk) Retirement Pension The Pension payable to a Participant upon 
 
 Retirement under the Plan. The term 409A Retirement Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Retirement Pension that is derived from the 409A Program. The term Pre-409A Retirement Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Retirement Pension that is derived from the Pre-409A Program. 
 ll) Salaried Plan The Yum! Brands Retirement Program for Salaried 
 
 Employees, the program of retirement benefits set forth in Parts B and D of the Yum! Brands Retirement Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. Any reference herein 
 15 

to the Salaried Plan for a period that is on or after September 7, 1997 but before December 30, 1998, shall mean the Tricon Salaried Employees Retirement Plan, which was renamed the Tricon Retirement Plan from December 30, 1998 to September 1, 2004. Any reference herein to the Salaried Plan for a period that is before the September 7, 1997 shall mean the PepsiCo Salaried Employees Retirement Plan. 
 mm) Section 409A Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (nn) S eparation from Service A Participant s separation from service with 
 
 the Yum! Brands Organization, within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i). The term may also be used as a verb (i.e., Separates from Service with no change in meaning. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Participant s transfer to an entity owned 20 or more by the Company will not constitute a Separation of Service to the extent permitted by Section 409A. A Participant s Final Separation from Service is the date of his Separation from Service that most recently precedes his Annuity Starting Date provided, however, that to the extent a Participant is reemployed after an Annuity Starting Date, he will have a new Final Separation from Service with respect to any benefits to which he becomes entitled as a result of his reemployment. The following principles shall generally apply in determining when a Separation from Service occurs 
 (1) A Participant separates from service with the Company if the Employee dies, retires, or otherwise has a termination of employment with the Company. Whether a termination of employment has occurred is determined based on whether the facts and circumstance indicate that the Company and the Employee reasonably anticipated that no further services would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide services the Employee would 
 16 

perform after such date (as an employee or independent contractor) would permanently decrease to no more than 20 percent of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period in which the Employee provided services to the Company if the Employee has been providing services for less than 36 months). 
 (2) An Employee will not be deemed to have experienced a Separation from Service if such Employee is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, to the extent such leave does not exceed a period of six months or, if longer, such longer period of time during which a right to re-employment is protected by either statute or contract. If the period of leave exceeds six months and the individual does not retain a right to re-employment under an applicable statute or by contract, the employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first date immediately following such six-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a leave of absence is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months, where such impairment causes the Employee to be unable to perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of employment, a 29-month period of absence may be substituted for such six-month period. 
 (3) If an Employee provides services both an as employee and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, the services provided as a Director are generally not taken into account in determining whether the 
 17 

Employee has Separated from Service as an Employee for purposes of the Plan, in accordance with final regulations under Section 409A 
 (oo) Service The period of a Participant's employment calculated in 
 
 accordance with Section 3.2 for purposes of determining his entitlement to benefits under the Plan. 
 (pp) Single Life Annuity A level monthly Annuity payable to a Participant 
 
 for his life only, with no survivor benefits to his Eligible Spouse or any other person. 
 
 qq) Single Lump Sum The distribution of a Participant's total Pension in the 
 
 form of a single payment, which payment shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of the Participant s 409A Pension as of the Participant s Normal Retirement Date (or Late Retirement Date, if applicable), but not less than the Actuarial Equivalent of the 
 Participant s 409A Pension as of the Participant s Early Retirement Date, in the case of a Participant who is entitled to an immediate Early 409A Retirement Pension. 
 rr) Social Security Act The Social Security Act of the United States, as 
 
 amended, an enactment providing governmental benefits in connection with events such as old age, death and disability. Any reference herein to the Social Security Act (or any of the benefits provided thereunder) shall be taken as a reference to any comparable governmental program of another country, as determined by the Plan Administrator, but only to the extent the Plan Administrator judges the computation of those benefits to be administratively feasible. 
 ss) Taxable Wage Base The contribution and benefit base (as determined 
 
 under section 230 of the Social Security Act) in effect for the Plan Year. 
 18 

(tt) Vested Pension The Pension available to a Participant under Section 4.3. 
 
 The term 409A Vested Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Vested Pension that is derived from the 409A Program. The term Pre-409A Vested Pension shall be used to refer to the portion of a Vested Pension that is derived from the Pre-409A Program. 
 uu) Yum! Brands Organization The controlled group of organizations of 
 
 which the Company is a part, as defined by Code section 414 and regulations issued thereunder. An entity shall be considered a member of the Yum! Brands Organization only during the period it is one of the group of organizations described in the preceding sentence. 
 2.2 Construction 
 
 The terms of the Plan shall be construed in accordance with this section. 
 
 (a) Gender and Number Unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, 
 
 (i) a reference to one or more genders shall include a reference to all the other genders, and (ii) the singular may include the plural, and the plural may include the singular. 
 (b) Compounds of the Word Here The words hereof , hereunder and 
 
 other similar compounds of the word here shall mean and refer to the entire Plan, not to any particular provision or section. 
 (c) Examples Whenever an example is provided or the text uses the term 
 
 including followed by a specific item or items, or there is a passage having a similar effect, such passages of the Plan shall be construed as if the phrase without limitation followed such example or term (or otherwise applied to such passage in a manner that avoids limits on its breadth of application). 
 19 

(d) Subdivisions of the Plan Document This Plan document is divided and 
 
 subdivided using the following progression articles, sections, subsections, paragraphs, subparagraphs, clauses and sub-clauses. Articles are designated by capital roman numerals. Sections are designated by Arabic numerals containing a decimal point. 
 Subsections are designated by lower-case letters in parentheses. Paragraphs are designated by Arabic numerals in parentheses. Subparagraphs are designated by lower- case roman numerals in parentheses. Clauses are designated by upper-case letters in parentheses. Sub-clauses are designated by upper-case roman numerals in parentheses. Any reference in a section to a subsection (with no accompanying section reference) shall be read as a reference to the subsection with the specified designation contained in that same section. A similar rule shall apply with respect to paragraph references within a subsection and subparagraph references within a paragraph. 
 (e) Discretion Specific references in the Plan to the Plan Administrator's 
 
 discretion shall create no inference that the Plan Administrator's discretion in any other respect, or in connection with any other provision, is less complete or broad. 
 20 

ARTICLE III 
 
 PARTICIPATION AND SERVICE 
 
 3.1 Participation 
 
 An Employee shall be a Participant in the Plan during the period 
 
 (a) When he would be currently entitled to receive a Pension under the Plan if his employment terminated at such time, or 
 (b) When he would be so entitled but for the vesting requirement of Section 
 
 4.7. 
 
 It is expressly contemplated that an Employee, who is entitled to receive a Pension under the Plan as of a particular time, may subsequently cease to be entitled to receive a Pension under the Plan. An individual s entitlement to receive a Pension under the Plan is subject to all exclusions from eligibility that apply under the Salaried Plan and, therefore, all such exclusions shall be given effect in determining eligibility under the Plan. 
 3.2 Service 
 
 A Participant's entitlement to a Pension and to a Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension for his Eligible Spouse shall be determined under Article IV based upon his period of Service. A Participant's period of Service shall be determined under Article III of the Salaried Plan. If a Participant s period of Service (as so determined) would extend beyond the Participant s Separation from Service date because of a leave of absence, the Plan Administrator may provide for determining the Participant s 409A Pension at Separation from Service by projecting the benefit the Participant would have if all such Service were taken into account under the Plan. 
 3.3 Credited Service 
 21 

The amount of a Participant's Pension and a Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension shall be based upon the Participant's period of Credited Service, as determined under Article III of the Salaried Plan. If a Participant s period of Credited Service (as so determined) would extend beyond the Participant s Separation from Service date because of a leave of absence, the Plan Administrator may provide for determining the Participant s 409A Pension at Separation from Service by projecting the benefit the Participant would have if all such Service were taken into account under the Plan. 
 22 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 REQUIREMENTS FOR BENEFITS 
 
 A Participant shall be eligible to receive a Pension and a surviving Eligible Spouse shall be eligible for certain survivor benefits as provided in this Article. The amount of any such Pension or survivor benefit shall be determined in accordance with Article V. 
 4.1 Normal 409A Retirement Pension 
 
 A Participant shall be eligible for a Normal 409A Retirement Pension if he is employed in an eligible classification and Separates from Service after attaining Normal Retirement Age (provided, however, that with respect to determining the form of payment to which a Participant is entitled under Article VI, the eligible classification requirement shall be ignored). 
 4.2 Early 409A Retirement Pension 
 
 A Participant shall be eligible for an Early 409A Retirement Pension if he is employed in an eligible classification and Separates from Service prior to attaining Normal Retirement Age but after attaining at least age 55 and completing 10 or more years of Elapsed Time Service (provided, however, that with respect to determining the form of payment to which a Participant is entitled under Article VI, the eligible classification requirement shall be ignored). 
 4.3 409A Vested Pension 
 
 A Participant who is vested under Section 4.7 shall be eligible to receive a 409A Vested Pension if he is employed in an eligible classification under the Salaried Plan and Separates from Service before he is eligible for a Normal 409A Retirement Pension or an Early 409A Retirement Pension (provided, however, that with respect to determining the form of payment to which a Participant is entitled under Article VI, the eligible classification requirement shall be 
 23 

ignored). A Participant who terminates employment prior to satisfying the vesting requirement in Section 4.7 shall not be entitled to receive a Pension under this Plan. 
 4.4 Late 409A Retirement Pension 
 
 A Participant who continues without a Separation from Service after his Normal Retirement Age shall not receive a Pension until his Late Retirement Date. Thereafter, a Participant shall be eligible for a Late Retirement Pension determined in accordance with Section 4.4 of the Salaried Plan (but without regard to any requirement for notice of suspension under ERISA section 203(a)(3)(B) or any adjustment as under Section 5.5(d) of the Salaried Plan). 
 4.5 409A Disability Pension 
 
 A Participant shall be eligible for a 409A Disability Pension if he meets the requirements for a Disability Pension under the Salaried Plan. A Participant s 409A Disability Pension, if any, shall generally be comprised of two parts. The first part shall represent the benefits with respect to a disabled Participant s Credited Service through the day of the Participant s Separation from Service i.e. , the Participant s Pre-Separation Accruals ). In the event the disabled Participant continues to receive Credited Service related to the disability after such Separation from Service, the Participant s 409A Disability Pension shall have a second part, which shall represent all benefits accrued with respect to Credited Service from the date immediately following the 
 Participant s Separation from Service until the earliest of the Participant s (i) attainment of age 65, (ii) benefit commencement date under the Salaried Plan or (iii) recovery from the disability i.e. , the Participant s Post-LTD Accruals ). 
 4.6 Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension 
 
 Any Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension is payable under this section only in the event the Participant dies prior to his Annuity Starting Date. Any Pre-Retirement Spouse s 409A 
 24 

Pension payable on behalf of a Participant shall commence as of the first day of the month following the Participant s death. and, subject to Section 4.9, shall be paid as either (a) a lump sum, if the Participant would have been entitled to a 409A Retirement Pension on the date of his death, or (b) a monthly annuity for the life of the Eligible Spouse, if the Participant would have been entitled to a 409A Vested Pension on the date of his death. 
 (a) Active, Disabled and Retired Employees A Pre-Retirement Spouse's 
 
 409A Pension shall be payable under this subsection to a Participant's Eligible Spouse (if any) who is entitled under the Salaried Plan to the special pre-retirement spouse's pension for survivors of active, disabled and retired employees. The amount (if any) of such Pension shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 (with the 409A Pension, if any, determined after application of Section 5.6). 
 (b) Vested Employees A Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension shall be 
 
 payable under this subsection to a Participant's Eligible Spouse (if any) who is entitled under the Salaried Plan to the pre-retirement spouse's pension for survivors of vested terminated Employees. The amount (if any) of such Pension shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 (with the 409A Pension, if any determined after application of Section 5.6). If pursuant to this Section 4.6(b) a Participant has Pre- Retirement Spouse's coverage in effect for his Eligible Spouse, any Pension calculated for the Participant under Section 5.2(b) shall be reduced for each year such coverage is in effect by the applicable percentage set forth below (based on the Participant's age at the time the coverage is in effect) with a pro rata reduction for any portion of a year. No reduction shall be made for coverage in effect within the 90-day period following a Participant's termination of employment. 
 25 

Attained Age 
 Annual Charge 
 Up to 35 
 0.00 
 35 -- 39 
 0.075 
 40 -- 44 
 0.10 
 45 -- 49 
 0.175 
 50 -- 54 
 0.30 
 55 -- 59 
 0.50 
 60 -- 64 
 0.50 

(c) Additional Pre-Retirement Death Benefit Effective as of January 1, 2022, 
 
 an Additional Pre-Retirement Death Benefit shall be payable under this subsection if the Participant dies prior to his Annuity Starting Date and would have been eligible for the Additional Pre-Retirement Death Benefit, which is provided by Section 4.6(c) of the Salaried Plan, but for the exclusion of highly compensated employees by Paragraph (1)(ii) of such Section 4.6(c). Payment of this Additional Pre-Retirement Death Benefit shall be made in a single lump sum as of the first day of the month following the Participant's death. If the Participant has a surviving Eligible Spouse on the date of the Participant s death, the Death Benefit shall be paid to the surviving Eligible Spouse otherwise, the Death Benefit shall be paid to the Participant s estate. The amount of a Participant s Additional Pre-Retirement Death Benefit shall equal the lump sum value of the Retirement Pension that would have been payable to the Participant under the Salaried Plan and this Plan if (i) the Participant had retired on his her date of death (or if earlier, the Participant s actual Retirement Date), selected the first of the month following the date of death as his her Annuity Starting Date and then survived until this 
 26 

Annuity Starting Date, and (ii) the amount under the prior clause were reduced by the lump sum value (determined as of this Annuity Starting Date) of any Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension that is payable on behalf of the Participant under the Salaried Plan and this Plan. 
 4.7 Vesting 
 
 A Participant shall be fully vested in, and have a nonforfeitable right to, his Accrued Benefit at the time he becomes fully vested in his accrued benefit under the Salaried Plan. 
 4.8 Time of Payment 
 
 The distribution of a Participant's 409A Pension shall commence as of the time specified in Section 6.1, subject to Section 6.6. 
 4.9 Cashout Distributions 
 
 Notwithstanding the availability or applicability of a different form of payment under Article VI, the following rules shall apply in the case of certain small benefit Annuity payments 
 (a) Distribution of Participant's 409A Pension If at a Participant's Annuity 
 
 Starting Date the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Participant's 409A Pension is equal to or less than Cashout Limit, the Plan Administrator shall distribute to the Participant such lump sum value of the Participant's 409A Pension. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, for Annuity Starting Dates prior to December 1, 2012, a Participant shall be cashed out under this subsection if, at the Participant s Annuity Starting Date, the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Participant s PEP Pension is equal to or less than 15,500. 
 (b) Distribution of Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension Benefit If at the 
 
 time payments are to commence to an Eligible Spouse under Section 4.6, the Actuarial 
 27 

Equivalent lump sum value of the PEP Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension to be paid is equal to or less than the Cashout Limit, the Plan Administrator shall distribute to the Eligible Spouse such lump sum value of the PEP Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, for Annuity Starting Dates prior to December 1, 2012, an Eligible Spouse shall be cashed out under this subsection if the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Eligible Spouse s PEP Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension is equal to or less than 15,500. 
 (c) Special Cashout of 409A Vested Pensions In addition to the normal 
 
 cashout rule in subsection (a) above, the Plan Administrator shall have discretion under this subsection to cash out a 409A Vested Pension in a single lump sum prior to the date that would apply under subsection (a). 
 (1) The Plan Administrator shall have discretion under this subsection to cash out in a single lump sum any 409A Vested Pension that, as of December 1, 2012 (i) has not otherwise had its Annuity Starting Date occur, (ii) has an Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value that is equal to or less than the Cashout Limit as of such date, and (iii) is practicable to calculate and distribute (as 
 determined pursuant to the exercise of the Plan Administrator s discretion), with such cashout being made on December 1, 2012. 
 (2) The Plan Administrator shall also have discretion under this subsection to cash out in a single lump sum any 409A Vested Pension that, as of the first of any month in 2013, 2014 or 2015 specified by the Plan Administrator pursuant to the exercise of its discretion (i) has not otherwise had its Annuity Starting Date occur, (ii) has an Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value that is equal 
 28 

to or less than the Cashout Limit as of such date, and (iii) is practicable to calculate and distribute (as determined pursuant to the exercise of the Plan Administrator s discretion), with such cashout being made on the first of the month specified. 
 Not later than November 30, the Plan Administrator shall memorialize in writing the exercise of its discretion under paragraph (1) above to select Vested Pensions for cashout on December 1, 2012, through the creation of a written list (as an exhibit to this Plan document or otherwise, including a list in electronic form) of Participants with 409A Vested Pensions who will be cashed out. In addition, not later than the day before the date specified pursuant to paragraph (2) above, the Plan Administrator shall memorialize in writing the exercise of its discretion under this subsection to select Vested Pensions for cashout on the specified date, through the creation of a written list (as an exhibit to this Plan document or otherwise, including a list in electronic form) of Participants with 409A Vested Pensions who will be cashed out. No Participant or Eligible Spouse shall be given a direct or indirect election with respect to whether a Vested Pension will be cashed out under this subsection (c). 
 Any lump sum distributed under this section shall be in lieu of the Pension that otherwise would be distributable to the Participant or Eligible Spouse (or both) hereunder. The cashout provisions described in subsections (a) through (c) above are intended to be limited cashout features within the meaning of Treasury Regulations 1.409A-3(j)(4)(v), and they shall be interpreted and applied consistently with this. Accordingly, in determining if an applicable dollar limit is satisfied, a Participant s entire benefit under this Plan that is subject to Section 409A and all benefits subject to Section 409A under all nonaccount balance plans (within the meaning of 
 29 

Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(C)) shall be taken into account (the applicable benefit ), and a Participant s entire applicable benefit must be cashed out as of the time in question as a condition to any payout under this Section. In addition, a cashout under this Section shall not cause an applicable benefit to be paid out before completing any applicable six- month delay (see, e.g., Section 6.6). 
 4.10 Reemployment of Certain Participants 
 
 (a) Reemployment After Annuity Starting Date . In the case of a current or 
 
 former Participant who is receiving his Pension as an Annuity under Section 6.1(b), and who is reemployed after his Annuity Starting Date, payment of this existing Pension will continue to be paid in the same form as it was paid prior to his reemployment. 
 (b) Reemployment Before Annuity Starting Date . If a Participant is 
 
 reemployed before the Annuity Starting Date of his Pension related to his prior employment, such Pension shall be paid as follows 
 (1) To the extent such Pension is a 409A Pension, the Participant s reemployment shall have no impact on the payment of such Pension, i.e. , such 409A Pension shall be paid as originally scheduled (determined based on his prior Separation from Service). 
 (2) To the extent such Pension is (or was) a Pre-409A Pension, the Participant is not a Continuing Grandfathered Participant, such Pension benefit shall be paid and administered as though it were subject to Article VI of this 409A Program, with the payment schedule determined based on the Separation from Service that follows the Participant s reemployment. 
 30 

(c) Benefit Enhancements During Period of Reemployment . In the case of a 
 
 Participant who first becomes eligible for a Retirement Pension under the Salaried Program based upon his period of reemployment, the value of the enhancement in the Participant s Pension resulting from the availability of the Salaried Plan s more favorable early commencement reduction factors for Retirement Pensions shall be treated as a separate benefit under the 409A Program and shall be payable based on the Participant s Separation from Service that follows his reemployment. 
 Any additional benefit accrued by a Participant described in paragraph (1) or (2) above during his period of reemployment shall be an additional benefit under the 409A Program, and its payment schedule shall be determined based on the Separation from Service that follows his reemployment. 
 31 

ARTICLE V 
 
 AMOUNT OF RETIREMENT PENSION 
 
 When a 409A Pension becomes payable to or on behalf of a Participant under this Plan, the amount of such 409A Pension shall be determined under Section 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 (whichever is applicable), subject to any adjustments required under Sections 4.6(b), 5.4 and 5.5. 
 5.1 Participant s 409A Pension 
 
 (a) Calculating the 409A Pension A Participant's 409A Pension shall be 
 
 calculated as follows (on the basis specified in subsection (b) below and using the definitions appearing in subsection (c) below) 
 (1) His Total Pension, reduced by 
 
 (2) His Salaried Plan Pension, and then, solely in the case of a Participant who is a Continuing Grandfathered Participant, further reduced by 
 (but not below zero) 
 
 (3) His Pre-409A Pension. 
 
 5.2 PEP Guarantee 
 
 A Participant who is eligible under subsection (a) below shall be entitled to a PEP Guarantee benefit determined under subsection (b) below. In the case of other Participants, the PEP Guarantee shall not apply. 
 (a) Eligibility A Participant shall be covered by this section if the Participant 
 
 has 1988 pensionable earnings from an Employer of at least 75,000. For purposes of this section, 1988 pensionable earnings means the Participant's remuneration for the 
 1988 calendar year, which was recognized for benefit received under the Salaried Plan as 
 32 

in effect in 1988. 1988 pensionable earnings does not include remuneration from an entity attributable to any period when that entity was not an Employer. 
 5.3 Amount of Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension 
 
 The monthly amount of the Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension payable to a surviving Eligible Spouse under Section 4.6 shall be determined under subsection (a) below. 
 (a) Calculation An Eligible Spouse's Pre-Retirement Spouse's 409A Pension shall be the difference between 
 (1) The Eligible Spouse's Total Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension, reduced by 
 (2) The Eligible Spouse's Salaried Plan Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension, and then, solely in the case of an Eligible Spouse whose Annuity Starting Date is before March 1, 2010, or (ii) whose spouse was a Pre-2005 Participant, further reduced by (but not below zero) 
 (3) The Eligible Spouse's Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension derived from the Pre-409A Program. 
 (b) Definitions The following definitions apply for purposes of this section. 
 
 (1) An Eligible Spouse's Total Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension means the greater of 
 (i) The amount of the Eligible Spouse's pre-retirement spouse's pension determined under the terms of the Salaried Plan, but without regard to (A) the limitations imposed by sections 401(a)(17) and 415 of the Code (as such limitations are interpreted and applied under the 
 33 

Salaried Plan), and (B) the actuarial adjustment under Section 5.5(d) of the Salaried Plan or 
 (ii) The amount (if any) of the Eligible Spouse's PEP Guarantee Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension determined under subsection (c). 
 In making this comparison, the benefits in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above shall be calculated as if payable as of what would be the Normal Retirement Date of the Participant related to the Eligible Spouse. 
 (2) An Eligible Spouse's Salaried Plan Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension means the Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Spouse under the terms of the Salaried Plan. 
 (3) An Eligible Spouse s Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension derived from the Pre-409A Program means the Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension that would be payable to the Eligible Spouse under the terms of the Pre-409A Program. 
 (c) PEP Guarantee Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension An Eligible Spouse's 
 
 PEP Guarantee Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (1) or (2) below, whichever is applicable, with reference to the PEP Guarantee (if any) that would have been available to the Participant under Section 5.2. 
 (1) Normal Rule The Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension payable under 
 
 this paragraph shall be equal to the amount that would be payable as a survivor annuity, under a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, if the Participant had 
 34 

(i) Separated from Service on the date of death (or, if earlier, his actual Separation from Service) 
 (ii) Commenced a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity on the same date payments of the Qualified Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension are to commence and 
 (iii) Died on the day immediately following such commencement. 
 (2) Special Rule for Active and Disabled Employees 
 
 Notwithstanding paragraph (1) above, the Pre-Retirement Spouse's Pension paid on behalf of a Participant described in Section 4.6(a) shall not be less than an amount equal to 25 percent of such Participant's PEP Guarantee (if any) determined under Section 5.2. For this purpose, Credited Service shall be determined as provided in Section 3.3(d)(2) of the Salaried Plan, and the deceased Participant's Highest Average Monthly Earnings, Primary Social Security Amount and Covered Compensation shall be determined as of his date of death. A Pre- Retirement Spouse's Pension under this paragraph is not reduced for early commencement. 
 Principles similar to those applicable under (i) Section 5.1(b), and (ii) the last sentence of Section 5.2(b)(2) shall apply in determining the Pre-Retirement Spouse s 409A Pension under this section. 
 5.4 Certain Adjustments 
 
 Pensions determined under the foregoing sections of this Article are subject to adjustment as provided in this section. For purposes of this section, specified plan shall mean the Salaried 
 35 

Plan or a nonqualified pension plan similar to this Plan. A nonqualified pension plan is similar to this Plan if it is sponsored by a member of the Yum! Brands Organization and if its benefits are not based on participant pay deferrals (this category of similar plans includes the Yum! 
 Brands, Inc. Pension Equalization Plan). 
 
 (a) Adjustments for Rehired Participants This subsection shall apply to a 
 
 current or former Participant who is reemployed after his Annuity Starting Date and whose benefit under the Salaried Plan is recalculated based on an additional period of Credited Service. In the event of any such recalculation, the Participant's PEP Pension shall also be recalculated hereunder to the maximum extent permissible under Section 409A. For this purpose and to the maximum extent permissible under Section 409A, the PEP Guarantee under Section 5.2 is adjusted for in-service distributions and prior distributions in the same manner as benefits are adjusted under the Salaried Plan, but by taking into account benefits under this Plan and any specified plans. 
 (b) PEP Guarantee Formula The amount of a Participant's PEP Guarantee 
 
 shall be determined under the applicable formula in paragraph (1), subject to the special rules in paragraph (2). 
 (1) Formulas The amount of a Participant's Pension under this 
 
 paragraph shall be determined in accordance with subparagraph (i) below. However, if the Participant was actively employed by the Yum! Brands Organization in a classification eligible for the Salaried Plan prior to July 1, 1975, the amount of his Pension under this paragraph shall be the greater of the amounts determined under subparagraphs (i) and (ii), provided that subparagraph (ii)(B) shall not apply in determining the amount of a Vested Pension. 
 36 

(i) Formula A The Pension amount under this subparagraph 
 
 shall be 
 
 (A) 3 percent of the Participant's Highest Average Monthly Earnings for the first 10 years of Credited Service, plus 
 (B) 1 percent of the Participant's Highest Average Monthly Earnings for each year of Credited Service in excess of 10 years, less 
 (C) 1-2 3 percent of the Participant's Primary Social Security Amount multiplied by years of Credited Service not in excess of 30 years. 
 In determining the amount of a Vested Pension under this Formula A, the Pension shall first be calculated on the basis of (I) the Credited Service the Participant would have earned had he remained in the employ of the Employer until his Normal Retirement Age, and (II) his Highest Average Monthly Earnings and Primary Social Security Amount at his Separation from Service, and then shall be reduced by multiplying the resulting amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Participant's actual years of Credited Service on his Separation from Service and the denominator of which is the years of Credited Service he would have earned had he remained in the employ of an Employer until his Normal Retirement Age. 
 (ii) Formula B The Pension amount under this subparagraph 
 
 shall be the greater of (A) or (B) below 
 37 

(A) 1-1 2 percent of Highest Average Monthly Earnings times the number of years of Credited Service, less 50 percent of the Participant's Primary Social Security Amount, or 
 (B) 3 percent of Highest Average Monthly Earnings times the number of years of Credited Service up to 15 years, less 50 percent of the Participant's Primary Social Security Amount. 
 In determining the amount of a Disability Pension under Formula A or B above, the Pension shall be calculated on the basis of the Participant's Credited Service (determined in accordance with Section 3.3(d)(3) of the Salaried Plan), and his Highest Average Monthly Earnings and Primary Social Security Amount at the date of disability. 
 (2) Calculation The amount of the PEP Guarantee shall be 
 
 determined pursuant to paragraph (1) above, subject to the following special rules 
 
 (i) Subsidized 50 Percent Joint and Survivor Annuity Subject 
 
 to subparagraph (iii) below and the last sentence of this subparagraph, if the Participant has commenced receipt of an Annuity under this section, the Participant's beneficiary shall be entitled to receive a survivor annuity equal to 50 percent of the Participant's Annuity under this section, with no corresponding reduction in such Annuity for the Participant. Annuity payments to a surviving beneficiary shall begin on the first day of the month coincident with or following the Participant's death and shall end with the last monthly payment due prior to the beneficiary s death. If the beneficiary is more than 10 years younger than the Participant, the 
 38 

survivor benefit payable under this subparagraph shall be adjusted as provided below. 
 (A) For each full year more than 10 but less than 21 that the surviving beneficiary is younger than the Participant, the survivor benefit payable to such beneficiary shall be reduced by 
 0.8 percent. 
 
 (B) For each full year more than 20 that the surviving beneficiary is younger than the Participant, the survivor benefit payable to such beneficiary shall be reduced by an additional 0.4 percent. 
 (ii) Reductions The following reductions shall apply in 
 
 determining a Participant's PEP Guarantee. 
 
 (A) If the Participant will receive an Early Retirement Pension, the payment amount shall be reduced by 3 12ths of 1 percent for each month by which the benefit commencement date precedes the date the Participant would attain his Normal Retirement Date. 
 (B) If the Participant is entitled to a Vested Pension, the payment amount shall be reduced to the actuarial equivalent of the amount payable at his Normal Retirement Date (if payment commences before such date), and the Section 4.6(b) reductions for any Pre-Retirement Spouse's coverage shall apply. 
 39 

(C) This clause applies if the Participant will receive his Pension in a form that provides an Eligible Spouse benefit, continuing for the life of the surviving spouse, that is greater than that provided under subparagraph (i). In this instance, the Participant's Pension under this section shall be reduced so that the total value of the benefit payable on the Participant's behalf is the actuarial equivalent of the Pension otherwise payable under the foregoing provisions of this section. 
 (iii) Lump Sum Conversion The amount of the Retirement 
 
 Pension determined under this section for a Participant whose Retirement Pension will be distributed in the form of a lump sum shall be the actuarial equivalent of the Participant's PEP Guarantee determined under this section, taking into account the value of any survivor benefit under subparagraph (i) above and any early retirement reductions under subparagraph (ii)(A) above. 
 For purposes of this paragraph (2) (and other provisions of the 409A Program, to the extent deemed necessary by the Plan Administrator to effectuate the purposes of the PEP Guarantee), actuarial equivalence shall be determined taking into account (i) the PEP Guarantee s purpose to preserve substantially the value of a benefit under the pre- 1989 terms of the Plan (including the subsidized survivor benefit that was available), and 
 (ii) the 409A Program s design that offers alternative annuities that are considered actuarial equivalent for purposes of Section 409A (including taking into account the 
 40 

special rule for subsidized joint and survivor annuities in Treasury Regulation 1.409A- 3(b)(ii)(C)). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, because the latter requires (I) the single life annuity to be at least as great as a Participant s lifetime annuity benefit under a subsidized joint and survivor annuity, thus the single life annuity payable to a Participant who is eligible for the PEP Guarantee shall not be less than required to meet this standard (as interpreted), with a corresponding impact on any available life and period certain annuities, and (II) the annuities available to an unmarried participant to be Section 409A actuarially equivalent to those that would be available if the Participant were married, thus the annuities available to an unmarried Participant shall not be less than required to meet this standard (as interpreted). The interpretations contemplated by the preceding sentence shall be made by the Plan Administrator, using such factors for actuarial equivalence as the Plan Administrator deems, from time to time and in its discretion, to be appropriate and compliant with Section 409A. 
 An Eligible Spouse s Total Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension and Salaried Plan Pre- Retirement Spouse s Pension shall be determined without regard to Section 9.7(b) of the 
 Salaried Plan (forfeiture of missing participant s benefit). 
 
 (b) Adjustment for Increased Pension Under Other Plans If the benefit paid 
 
 under a specified plan on behalf of a Participant is increased after PEP benefits on his behalf have been determined (whether the increase is by order of a court, by agreement of the plan administrator of the specified plan, or otherwise), then the PEP benefit for the Participant shall be recalculated to the maximum extent permissible under Section 409A. If the recalculation identifies an overpayment hereunder, the Plan Administrator shall 
 41 

take such steps as it deems advisable to recover the overpayment. It is specifically intended that there shall be no duplication of payments under this Plan and any specified plans to the maximum extent permissible under Section 409A. 
 5.5 Excludable Employment 
 
 An executive who has signed a written agreement with the Company pursuant to which the individual either (i) waives eligibility under the Plan (even if the individual otherwise meets the definition of Employee under the Plan), or (ii) agrees not to participate in the Plan, shall not thereafter become entitled to a benefit or to any increase in benefits in connection with such employment (whichever applies). Written agreements may be entered into either before or after the executive becomes eligible for or begins participation in the Plan, and such written agreement may take any form that is deemed effective by the Company. This Section 5.5 shall apply with respect to agreements that are entered into on or after January 1, 2009. 
 5.6 Pre-409A Pension 
 
 A Participant s Pre-409A Pension is the portion of the Participant s Pension that is grandfathered under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-6(a)(3)(i) and (iv). Principles similar to those applicable under (i) Section 5.1(b), and (ii) the last sentence of Section 5.2(b)(2) shall apply in determining the Pre-409A Pension under this section. A Participant shall have a Pre- 409A Pension only if he is a Continuing Grandfathered Participant. 
 42 

ARTICLE VI 
 
 DISTRIBUTION OF BENEFITS 
 
 The terms of this Article govern (i) the distribution of benefits to a Participant who becomes entitled to a 409A Pension, and (ii) the continuation of benefits (if any) to such Participant s beneficiary following the Participant s death. The distribution of a Pre-409A Pension is governed by the terms of the Pre-409A Program. 
 6.1 Form and Timing of Distributions 
 
 Benefits under the 409A Program shall be distributed as follows 
 
 (a) 409A Retirement Pension The following rules govern the distribution of 
 
 a Participant s 409A Retirement Pension 
 
 (1) Generally A Participant s 409A Retirement Pension shall be 
 
 distributed as a Single Lump Sum on the first day of the month that is coincident with or next follows the Participant s Retirement Date, subject to paragraph (2) and Section 6.6 (delay for Key Employees). 
 (2) Prior Payment Election Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a 
 
 Participant who is entitled to a 409A Retirement Pension and who made an election (i) either (A) up to and including December 31, 2006, or (B) between January 1, 2008 and December 31, 2008 (inclusive), and (ii) at least six months prior to and in a calendar year prior to the Participant s Annuity Starting Date shall receive his benefit in accordance with such payment election. A payment election allowed a Participant to choose either (i) to receive a distribution of his benefit in an Annuity form, (ii) to commence distribution of his benefit at a time other than as provided in paragraph 6.1(a)(1), or both (i) and (ii). Except as 
 43 

provided in Appendix A, a payment election made by a Participant who is only eligible to receive a Vested Pension on his Separation from Service shall be disregarded. Subject to Section 4.9 (cashouts), a Participant who has validly elected to receive an Annuity shall receive his benefit as a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if he is married or as a Single Life Annuity if he is unmarried, unless he elects one of the optional forms of payment described in Section 6.2 in accordance with the election procedures in Section 6.3(a). A Participant shall be considered married if he is married on his Annuity Starting Date. To the extent a Participant s benefit commences later than it would under paragraph 6.1(a)(1) as a result of an election under this paragraph 6.1(a)(2), the Participant s benefit will be paid with interest equal to that specified in Section 6.6(c), which interest shall be paid at the time elected by the Participant under this paragraph 6.1(a)(2). A Participant s payment election under this paragraph shall apply to his entire Pension, including the portion that was administered according to the terms of the Pre-409A Program prior to March 1, 2010. 
 (b) 409A Vested Pension Subject to Sections 4.9, Section 6.6 and subsection 
 
 i.below, a Participant s 409A Vested Pension shall be distributed in accordance with paragraph (1) or (2) below, unless, in the case of a married Participant (as determined under the standards in paragraph 6.1(a)(2), above), he elects one of the optional forms of payment distributions in Section 6.2 in accordance with the election procedures in Section 6.3(a) 
 (1) Separation Prior to Age 55 In the case of a Participant who 
 
 Separates from Service with at least five years of Service prior to attaining age 55, 
 44 

the Participant s 409A Vested Pension shall be distributed as an Annuity commencing on the first of the month that is coincident with or immediately follows the date he attains age 55, which shall be the Annuity Starting Date of his 409A Vested Pension. A distribution under this subsection shall be in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Participant is married, or as a Single Life Annuity if he is not married. A Participant shall be considered married for purposes of this paragraph if he is married on the Annuity Starting Date of his 409A Vested Pension. 
 (2) Separation at Ages 55 Through 64 In the case of a Participant 
 
 who Separates from Service with at least five years but less than ten years of Service and on or after attaining age 55 but prior to attaining age 65, the 
 Participant s 409A Vested Pension shall be distributed as an Annuity (as provided in paragraph (1) above) commencing on the first of the month that follows his Separation from Service. 
 (c) Disability Pension The portion of a Participant s 409A Disability Pension 
 
 representing Pre-Separation Accruals shall be paid on the first day of the month following the later of (i) the Participant s attainment of age 55 and (ii) the Participant s Separation from Service. The portion of a Participant s 409A Disability Pension representing Pre-Separation Accruals shall be paid in the form otherwise applicable under Section 6.1(a). The portion of a Participant s 409A Disability Pension representing Post- LTD Accruals shall be paid on the first day of the month following the Participant s attainment of age 65 in a lump sum. 
 45 

(d) Special Rule for Benefits Accrued After Services Fall Below 20 Percent . 
 
 If a Participant s Separation from Service is the result of a decrease in his level of bona fide services to the Company (as an employee or independent contractor) to less than 20 percent of his average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period in which the Participant provided services to the Company if the Participant has been providing services for less than 36 months) then all benefits accrued in a calendar year by the Participant under the Plan following his Separation from Service that relate to such reduced level of services shall be paid to the Participant in a single lump sum during the first 15 days of March of the calendar year following each calendar year during which such benefits were accrued. This subsection 
 ii. is effective for benefits accrued on or after January 1, 2012. 
 
 6.2 Available Forms of Payment 
 
 This section sets for the payment options available to a Participant who is entitled to a Retirement Pension under paragraph 6.1(a)(2) above or a Vested Pension under subsection 6.1(b) above. 
 (a) Basic Forms A Participant who is entitled to a Retirement Pension may 
 
 choose one of the following optional forms of payment by making a valid election in accordance with the election procedures in Section 6.3(a). A Participant who is entitled to a Vested Pension and who is married on his Annuity Starting Date may choose one of the optional forms of payment available under paragraphs (1), 2(ii) or 2(iii) below with his Eligible Spouse as his beneficiary (and no other optional form of payment available under this subsection (a) shall be permitted to such a Participant). A Participant who is entitled to a Vested Pension and who is not married on his Annuity Starting Date shall 
 46 

receive a Single Life Annuity. Each optional annuity is the actuarial equivalent of the Single Life Annuity 
 (1) Single Life Annuity Option A Participant may receive his 409A 
 
 Pension in the form of a Single Life Annuity, which provides monthly payments ending with the last payment due prior to his death. 
 (2) Survivor Options A Participant may receive his 409A Pension in 
 
 accordance with one of the following survivor options 
 
 (i) 100 Percent Survivor Option The Participant shall receive 
 
 a reduced 409A Pension payable for life, ending with the last monthly payment due prior to his death. Payments in the same reduced amount shall continue after the Participant's death to his beneficiary for life, beginning on the first day of the month coincident with or following the Participant's death and ending with the last monthly payment due prior to the beneficiary's death. 
 (ii) 75 Percent Survivor Option The Participant shall receive a 
 
 reduced Pension payable for life, ending with the last monthly payment due prior to his death. Payments in the amount of 75 percent of such reduced Pension shall be continued after the Participant's death to his beneficiary for life, beginning on the first day of the month coincident with or following the Participant's death and ending with the last monthly payment due prior to the beneficiary's death. 
 (iii) 50 Percent Survivor Option The Participant shall receive a 
 
 reduced 409A Pension payable for life, ending with the last monthly 
 47 

payment due prior to his death. Payments in the amount of 50 percent of such reduced 409A Pension shall be continued after the Participant's death to his beneficiary for life, beginning on the first day of the month coincident with or following the Participant's death and ending with the last monthly payment due prior to the beneficiary's death. A 50 percent survivor option under this paragraph shall be a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Participant's beneficiary is his Eligible Spouse. 
 (iv) Ten Years Certain and Life Option The Participant shall 
 
 receive a reduced 409A Pension which shall be payable monthly for his lifetime but for not less than 120 months. If the retired Participant dies before 120 payments have been made, the monthly 409A Pension amount shall be paid for the remainder of the 120 month period to the Participant's primary beneficiary (or if the primary beneficiary has predeceased the Participant, the Participant's contingent beneficiary). 
 For purposes of this subsection (a) (and other provisions of the 409A Program, to the extent deemed necessary by the Plan Administrator to comply with Section 409A), actuarial equivalence shall be determined in accordance with the principles of Section 409A, including as set forth in the last paragraph of Section 5.2 (regarding the determination of Section 409A actuarially equivalent annuities for Participants who are eligible for the PEP Guarantee). 
 (b) Inflation Protection The following levels of inflation protection may be 
 
 provided to any Participant who elects to receive all or a part of his 409A Retirement Pension as an Annuity 
 48 

(1) 5 Percent Inflation Protection A Participant's monthly benefit 
 
 shall be initially reduced, but thereafter shall be increased if inflation in the prior year exceeds 5 percent. The amount of the increase shall be the difference between inflation in the prior year and 5 percent. 
 (2) 7 Percent Inflation Protection A Participant's monthly benefit 
 
 shall be initially reduced, but thereafter shall be increased if inflation in the prior year exceeds 7 percent. The amount of the increase shall be the difference between inflation in the prior year and 7 percent. 
 Benefits shall be subject to increase in accordance with this subsection each January 1, beginning with the second January 1 following the Participant's Annuity Starting Date. The amount of inflation in the prior year shall be determined based on inflation in the 12- month period ending on September 30 of such year, with inflation measured in the same manner as applies on the Effective Date for adjusting Social Security benefits for changes in the cost of living. Inflation protection that is in effect shall carry over to any survivor benefit payable on behalf of a Participant, and shall increase the otherwise applicable survivor benefit as provided above. Any election by a Participant to receive inflation protection shall be irrevocable by such Participant or his surviving beneficiary. 
 6.3 Procedures for Elections 
 
 This section sets forth the procedures for making Annuity Starting Date elections i.e. , elections under Section 6.2). Subsection (a) sets forth the procedures for making a valid election of an optional form of payment under Section 6.2 and subsection (b) includes special rules for Participants with multiple Annuity Starting Dates. An election under this Article VI shall be treated as received on a particular day if it is (i) postmarked that day, or (ii) actually received by 
 49 

the Plan Administrator on that day. Receipt under (ii) must occur by the close of business on the date in question, which time is to be determined by the Plan Administrator. Spousal consent is not required for an election to be valid. 
 (a) Election of an Optional Form of Payment To be valid, an election of an 
 
 optional form of Annuity under Section 6.2, for (i) a Participant s 409A Retirement Pension (if a proper election was made under paragraph 6.1(a)(2)) or (ii) a Participant s 409A Vested Terminated Pension, must be in writing, signed by the Participant, and received by the Plan Administrator at least one day prior to the Annuity Starting Date that applies to the Participant s Pension in accordance with Section 6.1. In addition, an election under this subsection must specify one of the optional forms of payment available under Section 6.2 and a beneficiary, if applicable, in accordance with Section 
 6.5 below. To the extent permitted by the Plan Administrator, an election made through electronic media shall be considered to satisfy the requirement for a written election, and an electronic affirmation of such an election shall be considered to satisfy the requirement for a signed election. 
 (b) Multiple Annuity Starting Dates When amounts become payable to a 
 
 Participant in accordance with Article IV, they shall be payable as of the Participant's Annuity Starting Date and the election procedures (in this section and Sections 6.1 and 6.5) shall apply to all of the Participant's unpaid accruals as of such Annuity Starting Date, with the following exception. In the case of a Participant who is rehired after his initial Annuity Starting Date and who (i) is currently receiving an Annuity that remained in pay status upon rehire, or (ii) was previously paid a lump sum distribution (other than a cashout distribution described in Section 4.9(a)), the Participant's subsequent Annuity 
 50 

Starting Date (as a result of his subsequent Separation from Service), and the election procedures at such subsequent Annuity Starting Date, shall apply only to the portion of his benefit that accrues after his rehire. Any prior accruals that remain to be paid as of the Participant's subsequent Annuity Starting Date shall continue to be payable in accordance with the elections made at his initial Annuity Starting Date. 
 6.4 Determination of Marital Status 
 
 In any case in which the form of payment of a Participant s 409A Pension is determined by his marital status on his Annuity Starting Date, the Plan Administrator shall assume the Participant is unmarried on his Annuity Starting Date unless the Participant provides notice to the Plan prior to his Annuity Starting Date, which is deemed sufficient and satisfactory by the Plan Administrator, that he is married. The Participant shall give such notification to the Plan Administrator when he makes the election described in subsection (a) above or in accordance with such other procedures that are established by the Plan Administrator for this purpose (if any). Notwithstanding the two prior sentences, the Plan Administrator may adopt rules that provide for a different outcome than specified above. Special Rules for Survivor Options 
 The following special rules shall apply for the survivor options available under Section 
 
 6.2 above. 
 
 (a) Effect of Certain Deaths If a Participant makes an election under Section 
 
 6.3(a) to receive his 409A Retirement Pension in the form of an optional Annuity that includes a benefit for a surviving beneficiary under Section 6.2 and the Participant or his beneficiary (beneficiaries in the case of the option form of payment in Section 6.2(a)(2)(iv)) dies prior to the Annuity Starting Date of such Annuity, the election shall be disregarded. If the Participant dies after this Annuity Starting Date but before his 
 51 

409A Retirement Pension actually commences, the election shall be given effect and the amount payable to his surviving Eligible Spouse or other beneficiary shall commence on the first day of the month following his death (any back payments due the Participant shall be payable to his estate). In the case of a Participant who has elected the form of payment described in Section 6.2(a)(2)(iv), if such Participant (i) dies after his Annuity Starting Date, (ii) without a surviving primary or contingent beneficiary, and (iii) before receiving 120 payments under the form of payment, then the remaining payments due under such form of payment shall be paid to the Participant's estate. If payments have commenced under such form of payment to a Participant's primary or contingent beneficiary and such beneficiary dies before payments are completed, then the remaining payments due under such form of payment shall be paid to such beneficiary's estate. 
 (b) Non-spouse Beneficiaries If a Participant's beneficiary is not his Eligible 
 
 Spouse, he may not elect 
 
 (1) The 100 percent survivor option described in Section 6.2(a)(2)(i) if his non-spouse beneficiary is more than 10 years younger than he is, or 
 (2) The 75 percent survivor option described in Section 6.2(a)(2)(ii) if his non-spouse beneficiary is more than 19 years younger than he is. 
 6.5 Designation of Beneficiary 
 
 A Participant who has elected under Section 6.2 to receive all or part of his Retirement Pension in a form of payment that includes a survivor option shall designate a beneficiary who will be entitled to any amounts payable on his death. Such designation shall be made on the election form used to choose such optional form of payment or an approved election form filed under the Salaried Plan, whichever is applicable. In the case of the survivor option described in 
 52 

Section 6.2(a)(2)(iv), the Participant shall be entitled to name both a primary beneficiary and a contingent beneficiary. A Participant (whether active or former) shall have the right to change or revoke his beneficiary designation at any time prior to his Annuity Starting Date. The designation of any beneficiary, and any change or revocation thereof, shall be made in accordance with rules adopted by the Plan Administrator. A beneficiary designation shall not be effective unless and until filed with the Plan Administrator (or for periods before the Effective Date, the Plan Administrator under the Prior Plan). If no beneficiary is properly designated and a Participant elects a survivor's option described in Section 6.2(a)(2), the Participant's beneficiary shall be his Eligible Spouse. A Participant entitled to a Vested Pension does not have the right or ability to name a beneficiary if the Participant is permitted under Section 6.2 to elect an optional form of payment, then his beneficiary shall be his Eligible Spouse on his Annuity Starting Date. 
 6.6 Required Delay for Key Employees 
 
 Notwithstanding Section 6.1 above, if a Participant is classified as a Key Employee upon his Separation from Service (or at such other time for determining Key Employee status as may apply under Section 409A), then distributions to the Participant shall commence as follows 
 (a) Distribution of a Retirement Pension In the case of a Key Employee 
 
 Participant who is entitled to a 409A Retirement Pension, distributions shall commence on the earliest first of the month that is at least six months after the date the Participant Separates from Service (or, if earlier, the Participant s death). For periods before 2009, commencement of distributions, however, shall not be delayed under the preceding sentence if the Participant s 409A Retirement Pension was required to commence at the same time and in the same form as his pension under the Salaried Plan in accordance with subsection A.3(b) of Article A of the Appendix. 
 53 

(b) Distribution of a Vested Pension . In the case of a Participant who is 
 
 entitled to a 409A Vested Pension, distributions shall commence as provided in Section 6.1(b), or if later, on the earliest first of the month that is at least six months after the Participant s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the Participant s death). For periods before 2009, commencement of distributions, however, shall not be delayed under the preceding sentence if the Participant s 409A Vested Pension was required to commence at the same time and in the same form as his pension under the Salaried Plan in accordance with subsection A.3(b) of Article A of the Appendix. 
 (c) Interest Paid for Delay . Any payments to the Participant that are delayed 
 
 in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.6 shall be accumulated and paid as a lump sum payment, with interest equal to the rate selected from time to time by the Plan Administrator Specified Rate ), on the date payment occurs in accordance with subsection (a) or (b) above, whichever is applicable. If a Participant s beneficiary or estate is paid under subsection (a) or (b) above as a result of his death, then any payments that would have been made to the Participant and that were delayed in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.6 shall be paid as otherwise provided in the Plan, with interest equal to the Specified Rate paid from the date the Participant would have commenced his 409A Pension absent the application of this Section 6.6 until the date of actual payment of such amounts to the Participant's beneficiary or estate. 
 6.7 Payment of FICA and Related Income Taxes 
 
 As provided in subsections (a) through (c) below, a portion of a Participant s 409A Pension shall be paid as a single lump sum and remitted directly to the Internal Revenue Service IRS in satisfaction of the Participant s FICA Amount and the related withholding of income 
 54 

tax at source on wages (imposed under Code Section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of the applicable state, local or foreign tax laws as a result of the payment of the FICA Amount) and the additional withholding of income tax at source on wages that is attributable to the pyramiding of wages and taxes. 
 (a) Timing of Payment As of the date that the Participant s FICA Amount 
 
 and related income tax withholding are due to be deposited with the IRS, a lump sum payment equal to the Participant s FICA Amount and any related income tax withholding shall be paid from the Participant s 409A Pension and remitted to the IRS (or other applicable tax authority) in satisfaction of such FICA Amount and income tax withholding related to such FICA Amount. The classification of a Participant as a Key Employee (as defined in Section 2.1(r)) shall have no effect on the timing of the lump sum payment under this subsection (a). 
 (b) Reduction of 409A Pension . To reflect the payment of a Participant s 
 
 FICA Amount and any related income tax liability, the Participant s 409A Pension shall be reduced, effective as of the date for payment of the lump sum in accordance with subsection (a) above, with such reduction being the Actuarial Equivalent of the lump sum payment used to satisfy the Participant s FICA Amount and related income tax withholding. It is expressly contemplated that this reduction may occur effective as of a date that is after the date payment of a Participant s 409A Pension commences. 
 (c) No Effect on Commencement of 409A Pension . The Participant s 409A 
 
 Pension shall commence in accordance with the terms of this Plan. The lump sum payment to satisfy the Participant s FICA Amount and related income tax withholding shall not affect the time of payment of the Participant s actuarially reduced 409A 
 55 

Pension, including not affecting any required delay in payment to a Participant who is classified as a Key Employee. 
 6.8 Correction of Payments Affected by Other Nonqualified Plans . 
 
 Effective January 1, 2009, this Section 6.8 shall apply notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan (other than Sections 6.6, 6.7, 9.3 and 9.4) that would otherwise determine the time and form of payment. To the extent that any amount deferred under the Plan for a Participant is or could be determined by, or the time or form of payment is or could be affected by, the amount deferred under, or the payment provisions of, one or more other nonqualified deferred compensation plans (each an Offset Plan ), the time and form of payments under this Plan and any Offset Plan shall be identical. 
 (1) If there is any potential for the time and form of payments under this Plan and any Offset Plan not being identical, then the following shall apply. Any permissible payment event under Section 409A that is a payment event under any of these plans shall be an applicable payment event under all such plans. If the plans contain the same permissible payment event under Section 409A, but the payment event is defined differently under at least one of the plans, the payment event shall be defined for all plans using the narrowest of the applicable definitions (meaning the definition resulting in the smallest scope of events that would constitute payment events). If the plans contain the same permissible payment event under Section 409A, but the schedule of payments following the payment event is different under at least one of the plans, the schedule of payments under all plans shall be the payment schedule resulting in, or potentially resulting in, the latest final payment date, and if the payment schedules result in, 
 56 

or potentially result in, the same latest final payment date, the payment schedule commencing, or potentially commencing, at the latest possible date, and if those dates are the same, the payment schedule generally resulting in the amount deferred being paid at the latest dates. 
 (2) For purposes of apply the second sentence of this Section, the determination of which other plans could affect this Plan (thus causing the other plans to be Offset Plans) shall be sufficiently encompassing to satisfy Section 409A (without being more encompassing than necessary to satisfy Section 409A). In addition, the provisions of this Section 6.8 shall apply under any Offset Plan, effective January 1, 2009, notwithstanding any contrary provisions in such Offset Plan. This Section 6.8 shall at all times be interpreted to comply with IRS Notice 2010-6, XI, as modified and supplemented by subsequent IRS guidance. 
 6.9 Section 162(m) Compliance 
 
 Effective January 1, 2019, the Plan Administrator shall have the maximum discretion to delay payments that is permissible under Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(7)(i) (relating to delay of payments that are subject to Code Section 409A) (hereafter, the Section 162(m) Rule while still having such delay be exempt from the rules for subsequent deferral elections. If any payment is delayed pursuant to the discretion granted by the prior sentence, it shall be paid in accordance with the requirements of the Section 162(m) Rule. 
 57 

ARTICLE VII 
 
 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 7.1 Authority to Administer Plan 
 
 The Plan shall be administered by the Plan Administrator, which shall have the authority to interpret the Plan and issue such regulations as it deems appropriate. The Plan Administrator shall maintain Plan records and make benefit calculations, and may rely upon information furnished it by the Participant in writing, including the Participant's current mailing address, age and marital status. The Plan Administrator's interpretations, determinations, regulations and calculations shall be final and binding on all persons and parties concerned. The Company, in its capacity as Plan Administrator or in any other capacity, shall not be a fiduciary of the Plan for purposes of ERISA, and any restrictions that apply to a party in interest under section 406 of ERISA shall not apply to the Company or otherwise under the Plan. 
 7.2 Facility of Payment 
 
 Whenever, in the Plan Administrator's opinion, a person entitled to receive any payment of a benefit or installment thereof hereunder is under a legal disability or is incapacitated in any way so as to be unable to manage his financial affairs, the Plan Administrator may make payments to such person or to the legal representative of such person for his benefit, or the Plan Administrator may apply the payment for the benefit of such person in such manner as it considers advisable. Any payment of a benefit or installment thereof in accordance with the provisions of this section shall be a complete discharge of any liability for the making of such payment under the provisions of the Plan. 
 58 

7.3 Claims Procedure 
 
 Any Participant or beneficiary may file a Claim (as defined below in Section 7.5), if he she believes that he she has not received his her full benefits from this Plan. If an assertion of any right to a benefit by or on behalf of a Claimant (as defined below in Section 7.5) is wholly or partially denied, the Plan Administrator, or a party designated by the Plan Administrator, will provide such Claimant the claims review process described in this Section. The Plan Administrator has the discretionary right to modify the claims process described in this Section in any manner so long as the claims review process, as modified, includes the steps described below. A claim shall be made in writing or in such other form as is acceptable to the Plan Administrator. Within a 90-day response period following the receipt of the claim by the Plan Administrator, the Plan Administrator will notify the claimant of the following by a comprehensible written notice 
 (a) The specific reason or reasons for such denial 
 
 (b) Specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is 
 
 based 
 
 (c) A description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to submit to perfect the Claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary and 
 (d) A description of the Plan's claim review procedure (including the time limits applicable to such process and a statement of the Claimant's right to bring a civil action under ERISA following a further denial on review). 
 If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the Claim it may extend the response period from 90 to 180 days. If this occurs, the 
 59 

Plan Administrator will notify the Claimant before the end of the initial 90-day period, indicating the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan Committee expects to make the final decision. The claim review procedure is available upon written request by the Claimant to the Plan Administrator, or the designated party, within 60 days after receipt by the Claimant of written notice of the denial of the Claim. Upon review, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Claimant a full and fair review of the Claim, including the opportunity to submit to the Plan Administrator comments, document, records and other information relevant to the Claim and the Plan Administrator s review shall take into account such comments, documents, records and information regardless of whether it was submitted or considered at the initial determination. The decision on review will be made within 60 days after receipt of the request for review, unless circumstances warrant an extension of time not to exceed an additional 60 days. If this occurs, notice of the extension will be furnished to the Claimant before the end of the initial 60-day period, indicating the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to make the final decision. The final decision shall be in writing and drafted in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant include specific reasons for the decision with references to the specific Plan provisions on which the decision is based and provide that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to his or her Claim for benefits. Any notice or other notification that is required to be sent to a Claimant under this section may be sent pursuant to any method approved under Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104b-1 or other applicable guidance. Any special extension, which is required by ERISA and applies to one or more 
 60 

deadlines applicable under this claims procedure, shall apply under this Plan to the same extent that a similar special extension would apply under the Salaried Plan. 
 7.4 Plan Administrator Discretion 
 
 The Plan Administrator, or a party designated by the Plan Administrator, shall have the exclusive discretionary authority to construe and to interpret the Plan, to decide all questions of eligibility for benefits and to determine the amount of such benefits. As a result, benefits under this Plan will be paid only if the Plan Administrator decides in its discretion that the Participant (or other applicant) is entitled to them. Any decisions or determinations hereunder shall be made in the absolute and unrestricted discretion of the Plan Administrator, even if (i) such discretion is not expressly granted by the Plan provisions in question, or (ii) a decision or determination is not expressly called for by the Plan provisions in question, and even though other Plan provisions expressly grant discretion or expressly call for a decision or determination. All decisions and determinations made by the Plan Administrator will be final, conclusive, and binding on all parties. The Plan Administrator may consider the intent of the Company with respect to a Plan provision in making any determination with respect to the provision, notwithstanding the provisions set forth in any document that arguably do not contemplate considering such intent. 
 The Plan Administrator s discretion is absolute, and in any case where the breadth of the Plan Administrator s discretion is at issue, it is expressly intended that the Plan Administrator (or its delegate) be accorded the maximum possible discretion. Any exercise by the Plan Administrator of its discretionary authority shall be reviewed by a court under the arbitrary and capricious standard (i.e., abuse of discretion). 
 61 

7.5 Exhaustion of Claims Procedures 
 
 (a) Before filing any Claim (including a suit or other action) in court or in another tribunal, a Claimant must first fully exhaust all of the Claimant s actual or potential rights under the claims procedures of Sections 7.01, 7.02 and 7.03. 
 (b) Upon review by any court or other tribunal, the exhaustion requirement of this Section is intended to be interpreted to require exhaustion in as many circumstances as possible (and any steps necessary to clarify or effect this intent may be taken). For example, exhaustion may not be excused (i) for failure to respond to a Claim unless the purported Claimant took steps that were sufficient to make it reasonably clear to the Plan Administrator that the purported Claimant was submitting a Claim with respect to the Plan, or (ii) for failure to fulfill a request for documents unless (A) the Claimant is lawfully entitled to receive a copy of the requested document from the Plan Administrator at the time and in the form requested, (B) the Claimant requests such documents in a writing that is addressed to and actually received by the Plan Administrator, (C) the Plan Administrator fails to provide the requested documents within 6 months after the date the request is received, or within such longer period as may be reasonable under the facts and circumstances, (D) the Claimant took steps that were sufficient to make it reasonably clear to the Plan Administrator that the Claimant was actually entitled to receive the requested documents at the time and in the form requested (i.e., generally the Claimant must provide sufficient information to place the Plan Administrator on notice of a colorable Claim for benefits), and (E) the documents requested and not provided are material to the determination of one or more colorable Claims of which the Claimant has informed the Plan Administrator. 
 62 

(c) In any action or consideration of a Claim in court or in another tribunal following exhaustion of the Plan s claims procedure as described in this Section, the subsequent action or consideration shall be limited, to the maximum extent permissible, to the record that was before Plan Administrator in the claims procedure process. 
 (d) The exhaustion requirement of this Section shall apply (i) regardless of whether other Disputes that are not Claims (including those that a court might consider at the same time) are of greater significance or relevance, (ii) to any rights the Plan Administrator may choose to provide in connection with novel Disputes or in particular situations, (iii) regardless of whether the rights are actual or potential and (iv) even if the Plan Administrator has not previously defined or established specific claims procedures that directly apply to the submission and consideration of such Claim (in which case the Plan Administrator upon notice of the Claim shall either promptly establish such claims procedures or shall apply or act by analogy to the claims procedures of Sections 7.01, 
 7.02 and 7.03 that apply to Claims). 
 
 (e) The Plan Administrator may make special arrangements to consider a Claim on a class basis or to address unusual conflicts concerns, and such minimum arrangements in these respects shall be made as are necessary to maximize the extent to which exhaustion is required. 
 (f) For purposes of this Article VII, the following definitions apply 
 
 (1) A Dispute is any claim, dispute, issue, assertion, allegation, action or other matter. 
 (2) A Claim is any Dispute that implicates in whole or in part any one or more of the following 
 63 

(i) The interpretation of the Plan 
 
 (ii) The interpretation of any term or condition of the Plan 
 
 (iii) The interpretation of the Plan (or any of its terms or conditions) in light of applicable law 
 (iv) Whether the Plan or any term or condition under the Plan has been validly adopted or put into effect 
 (v) The administration of the Plan, 
 
 (vi) Whether the Plan, in whole or in part, has violated any terms, conditions or requirements of ERISA or other applicable law or regulation, regardless of whether such terms, conditions or requirements are, in whole or in part, incorporated into the terms, conditions or requirements of the Plan, 
 (vii) A request for Plan benefits or an attempt to recover Plan benefits 
 (viii) An assertion that any entity or individual has breached any fiduciary duty 
 (ix) An assertion that any individual or entity is a Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary or assignee of any of the foregoing or 
 (x) Any Dispute or Claim that (i) is deemed similar to any of the foregoing by the Plan Administrator, or (ii) relates to the Plan in any way. 
 64 

It is the Plan Administrator s intent to interpret and operate the Plan in good faith and at all times consistently with ERISA. Therefore, as a condition for any right or recovery related to the Plan, the Plan imposes a contractual obligation for complete exhaustion under this Section with respect to any Claim (as defined above) in order to allow for the efficient and uniform resolution of such Claims and to protect the Plan from potentially substantial and unnecessary litigation expenses that exhaustion could obviate. 
 (3) A Claimant is any employee, former employee, Executive, former Employee, Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary or any other individual, person, entity, estate, heir, or representative with a relationship to any of the foregoing individuals or the Plan, as well as any group of one or more of the foregoing, who has a Claim. A Claimant also includes any individual or entity who is alleging the individual or entity has the status of a Participant, former Participant, Plan beneficiary, former Plan beneficiary, or any other individual or entity asserting a Claim. 
 7.6 Limitations on Actions 
 
 Any Claim filed under Section 7.3 and any action filed in state or federal court by or on behalf of a Claimant (as defined above in Section 7.5) for the alleged wrongful denial of Plan benefits or for the alleged interference with or violation of ERISA-protected rights must be brought within two years of the date the Claimant s cause of action first accrues. 
 (a) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to a 
 
 Claimant s benefits under the Plan shall be deemed to accrue not later than the earliest of 
 
 (i) when the Claimant has received the calculation of the benefits that are the subject of 
 65 

the Claim or legal action, (ii) the date identified to the Claimant by the Plan Administrator on which payments shall commence, (iii) when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are the basis of his Claim, or (iv) the date when the benefit was first paid, provided, or denied. 
 (b) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to the alleged interference with ERISA-protected rights shall be deemed to accrue when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are alleged to constitute interference with ERISA-protected rights. 
 (c) For purposes of this subsection, a cause of action with respect to any other Claim, action or suit not covered by subsection (a) or (b) above must be brought within two years of the date when the Claimant has actual or constructive knowledge of the acts or failures to act (or the other facts) that are alleged to give rise to the Claim, action or suit. 
 Failure to bring any such Claim or cause of action within this two-year time frame shall preclude a Claimant, or any representative of the Claimant, from filing the Claim or cause of action. 
 Correspondence or other communications pursuant to or following the mandatory appeals process described in Section 7.3 shall have no effect on this two-year time frame. 
 66 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 8.1 Nonguarantee of Employment 
 
 Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed as a contract of employment between an Employer and any Employee, or as a right of any Employee to be continued in the employment of an Employer, or as a limitation of the right of an Employer to discharge any of its Employees, with or without cause. 
 8.2 Nonalienation of Benefits 
 
 Benefits payable under the Plan or the right to receive future benefits under the Plan shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, charge, garnishment, execution, or levy of any kind, either voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise dispose of any right to benefits payable hereunder, including any assignment or alienation in connection with a divorce, separation, child support or similar arrangement, shall be null and void and not binding on the Company. The Company shall not in any manner be liable for, or subject to, the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person entitled to benefits hereunder. 
 8.3 Unfunded Plan 
 
 The Company's obligations under the Plan shall not be funded, but shall constitute liabilities by the Company payable when due out of the Company's general funds. To the extent the Participant or any other person acquires a right to receive benefits under this Plan, such right shall be no greater than the rights of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 67 

8.4 Action by the Company 
 
 Any action by the Company under this Plan may be made by the Board of Directors of the Company or by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, with a report of any actions taken by it to the Board of Directors. In addition, such action may be made by any other person or persons duly authorized by resolution of said Board to take such action. 
 8.5 Indemnification 
 
 Unless the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine otherwise, the Company shall indemnify, to the full extent permitted by law, any employee acting in good faith within the scope of his employment in carrying out the administration of the Plan. 
 8.6 Compliance with Section 409A 
 
 (a) General It is the intention of the Company that the Plan shall be 
 
 construed in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 409A. Further, in the event that the Plan shall be deemed not to comply with Section 409A, then neither the Company, the Board of Directors, the Plan Administrator nor its or their designees or agents shall be liable to any Participant or other person for actions, decisions or determinations made in good faith. 
 (b) Non-duplication of benefits In the interest of clarity, and to determine 
 
 benefits in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, provisions have been included in this 409A Document describing the calculation of benefits under certain specific circumstances, for example, provisions relating to the inclusion of salary continuation during certain window severance programs in the calculation of Highest Average Monthly Earnings, as specified in Appendix D. Notwithstanding this or any similar provision, no duplication of benefits may at any time occur under the Plan. 
 68 

Therefore, to the extent that a specific provision of the Plan provides for recognizing a benefit determining element (such as pensionable earnings or service) and this same element is or could be recognized in some other way under the Plan, the specific provision of the Plan shall govern and there shall be absolutely no duplicate recognition of such element under any other provision of the Plan, or pursuant to the Plan s integration with the Salaried Plan. This provision shall govern over any contrary provision of the Plan that might be interpreted to support duplication of benefits. 
 8.7 Section 457A . 
 
 To avoid the application of Code section 457A Section 457A to a Participant s Pension, the following shall apply to a Participant who transfers (or is otherwise assigned) to a work location outside of the United States to provide services to a member of the Yum! Brands Organization that is neither a United States corporation nor a pass-through entity that is wholly owned by a United States corporation Covered Transfer 
 (a) From and after the Covered Transfer, any benefit accruals or other increases or enhancements to the Participant s Pension relating to benefit determining factors recognized under the Plan, including 
 (1) Service, 
 
 (2) Earnings that would be considered in determining Highest Average Monthly Earnings, or 
 (3) The attainment of a specified age while in the employment of the Yum! Brands Organization age attainment ), 
 (collectively, Benefit Enhancements will not be credited to the Participant until the last day of the Plan Year in which the Participant renders the Service or has the earnings, 
 69 

age attainment or the occurrence of the other benefit determining factor that results in such Benefit Enhancement, and then only to the extent permissible under subsection (b) below at that time and 
 (b) The Participant shall have no legal right to (and the Participant shall not receive) any Benefit Enhancement that relates to Service, earnings, age attainment or another benefit determining factor from and after the Covered Transfer to the extent such Benefit Enhancement would constitute compensation that is includable in income under Section 457A. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, subsections (a) and (b) above shall not apply to a Participant who has a Covered Transfer if, prior to the Covered Transfer, the Company provides a written communication (either to the Participant individually, to a group of similar Participants, to Participants generally, or in any other way that causes the communication to clearly apply to the Participant i.e., an applicable communication that these subsections do not apply to the Covered Transfer in question, but only during the period that the applicable communication remains in effect (and any such applicable communication shall at all times remain revocable for purposes of the Plan). In addition, subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to a Participant who has a Covered Transfer if the Company determines that all the Benefit Enhancements earned by the Participant during the Covered Transfer should not constitute compensation that is includable in income under Section 457A, but there shall be no legally binding right to any such Benefit Enhancement until the Company makes a specific determination that the Participant has a right to the Benefit Enhancement that Company intends to be a final and binding right. Subsections (a) and (b) shall cease to apply as of the earlier of (i) the date the Participant returns to service for a member of the Yum! Brands Organization that is a United States corporation or a pass- 
 70 

through entity that is wholly owned by a United States corporation, or (ii) the effective date for such cessation that is stated in an applicable communication (after giving effect to any delay in such cessation that is applied by the Company). 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions herein regarding the time and form of payment of amounts deferred hereunder Deferrals ), to the extent Deferrals are required to be included in income under Code section 457A, the distribution of any Deferral shall be accelerated as permitted by (i) IRS Notice 2009-8, Q&A 25, in the case of Deferrals relating to services performed before January 1, 2009, and (ii) IRS Notice 2009-8, Q&A 26, in the case of Deferrals relating to services performed after December 31, 2008. For purposes of clause (i) of the preceding sentence, such acceleration shall be to the time that the Deferral becomes taxable pursuant to Public Law 110-343, Division C, Section 801(d)(2) (which is as of the later of the time specified in clause (A) or (B) of Section 801(d)(2)). 
 8.8 Misconduct . 
 
 This Section applies to the portion of a Participant s benefit under the Plan that accrues on and after July 1, 2009 Post-6 30 09 Benefit ). 
 (a) Benefits Not Yet Paid . In the event the Company determines that the 
 
 Participant has engaged in General Misconduct or Financial Misconduct (as each is defined in (d) below), the Company shall terminate the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Participant shall forfeit 100 his Post-6 30 09 Benefit (and all related rights) that has not been distributed to him as of the time the Company determines the Participant has engaged in General Misconduct or Financial Restatement Misconduct. 
 (b) Benefits Already Paid . If there is a restatement of the Company s 
 
 financial statements that is completely or partially caused by a Participant s Financial 
 71 

Restatement Misconduct (as defined in subsection (d) below), then the Participant shall be required to repay to the Company any distributed portion of his Post-6 30 09 Benefit provided, however, that such repayment shall be required only if both of the following apply 
 (1) The Company notifies the Participant of his repayment obligation no later than one year after the restated financial statements are issued and 
 (2) The Company reasonably determines that the Participant both (A) knew or should have known of the inaccuracy of the financial statements that were restated, and (B) knew or should have known that the inaccuracy was caused by his Financial Restatement Misconduct. 
 In the event of any such repayment, the Participant (regardless of whether then employed) shall pay to the Company the amount of his Post-6 30 09 Benefit that was previously distributed to him (as determined by the Company), in such manner and on such terms and conditions as may be required by the Company provided that the Company shall be entitled to set-off against the amount of any such repayment any amount owed to the Participant by the Company. 
 (c) Reduction in Amount Forfeited or Repaid . The Company may reduce the 
 
 amount of the Post-6 30 09 Benefit to be forfeited by the Participant or repaid to the Company under this Section based on such factors as the Company determines to be relevant. 
 (d) Definitions . The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this 
 
 Section 
 72 

(1) General Misconduct means (i) using for profit or disclosing to unauthorized persons confidential information or trade secrets of the Company 
 (ii) breaching any contract with or violating any fiduciary obligation to the Company or (iii) engaging in any conduct that is injurious to the Company, including, without limitation, diverting employees of the Company to leave the Company without the Company s prior consent. 
 (2) Financial Restatement Misconduct means fraudulent or illegal conduct or omission that is knowing or intentional. For this purpose, no conduct or omission shall be deemed knowing by a Participant unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant s action or omission was in the best interest of the Company. 
 8.9 Missing Participants of Beneficiaries 
 
 Each Participant and each designated beneficiary must notify the Plan Administrator in writing as to his current mailing address and of any changes to such address in a timely manner. Any communication, statement or notice addressed to the Participant or beneficiary will be binding on a Participant and his beneficiary for all purposes of the Plan if it is mailed to the Participant or beneficiary at such address, or if no such address has been provided to the Plan Administrator, then at the last address shown on the Employer s records. 
 8.10 Electronic Signatures 
 
 The words signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Plan or any other document or record to be signed in connection with or related to this Plan by the Company, Plan Administrator, Employee or other individual shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the 
 73 

same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. 
 74 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 This Article governs the Company s right to amend and or terminate the Plan. The Company s amendment and termination powers under this Article shall be subject, in all cases, to the restrictions on amendment and termination in Section 409A and shall be exercised in accordance with such restrictions to ensure continued compliance with Section 409A. The Company s rights under this Article IX shall be as broad as permissible under applicable law. 
 9.1 Continuation of the Plan 
 
 While the Company and the Employers intend to continue the Plan indefinitely, they assume no contractual obligation as to its continuance. In accordance with Section 8.4, the Company hereby reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend, terminate, or partially terminate the Plan at any time provided, however, that no such amendment or termination shall adversely affect the amount of benefit to which a Participant or his beneficiary is already entitled under Article IV on the date of such amendment or termination, unless the Participant becomes entitled to an amount of equivalent value to such benefit under another plan or practice adopted by the Company (using such actuarial assumptions as the Company may apply in its discretion, and except as necessary to comply with Section 409A). Specific forms of payment are not protected under the preceding sentence. 
 9.2 Amendments 
 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, make any amendment or amendments to this Plan from time to time, with or without retroactive effect, including any amendment necessary to ensure continued compliance with Section 409A. An Employer (other than the Company) shall not have the right to amend the Plan. 
 75 

9.3 Termination 
 
 The Company may terminate the Plan, (i) either as to its participation or as to the participation of one or more Employers, (ii) with respect to a group of Employees who experience a change in control in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B), or (iii) as otherwise permitted under Code Section 409A. If the Plan is terminated with respect to fewer than all of the Employers, the Plan shall continue in effect for the benefit of the Employees of the remaining Employers. Upon termination, the distribution of Participants' 409A Pensions shall be subject to restrictions applicable under Section 409A. 
 9.4 Change in Control 
 
 The Company intends to have the maximum discretionary authority to terminate the Plan and make distributions in connection with a Change in Control (defined as provided in Section 409A), and the maximum flexibility with respect to how and to what extent to carry this out following a Change in Control as is permissible under Section 409A. The previous sentence contains the exclusive terms under which a distribution shall be made in connection with any Change in Control in the case of benefits that are derived from this 409A Program. 
 76 

ARTICLE X 
 
 ERISA PLAN STRUCTURE 
 
 This Plan document, in conjunction with the plan document(s) for the Pre-409A Program, encompasses four separate plans within the meaning of ERISA, as are set forth in subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) below. 
 (a) Excess Benefit Plan The first separate ERISA plan is an excess benefit 
 
 plan within the meaning of section 3(36) of ERISA, and is maintained by the Company solely for the purpose of providing benefits for Salaried Plan participants in excess of the limitations on benefits imposed by section 415 of the Code. 
 (b) Excess Compensation Top-Hat Plan The second separate ERISA plan is 
 
 a plan maintained by the Company primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of sections 201(2) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. This plan provides benefits for Salaried Plan participants in excess of the limitations imposed by section 401(a)(17) of the Code on benefits under the Salaried Plan (after taking into account any benefits under the Excess Benefit Plan). For ERISA reporting purposes, this portion of PEP may be referred to as the Yum! Brands Pension Equalization Plan I. 
 (c) Preservation Top Hat Plan The third separate ERISA plan is a plan 
 
 maintained by the Company primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of sections 201(2) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. This plan preserves benefits for those Salaried Plan participants described in section 5.2(a) hereof, by preserving for them the pre-1989 level of benefit accrual that was in effect before January 1, 1989 (after 
 77 

taking into account any benefits under the Excess Benefit Plan and Excess Compensation Top Hat Plan). For ERISA reporting purposes, this portion of PEP shall be referred to as the Tricon Pension Equalization Plan II. 
 (d) Top-Hat Welfare Plan The fourth separate ERISA plan is a top-hat 
 
 welfare benefit plan maintained by the Company for the purpose of providing death benefits for a select group of highly compensated employees within the meaning of sections 201(2) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. Pursuant to the terms of Section 4.6(c) hereof, this ERISA plan provides death benefits for Salaried Plan participants (after taking into account any Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefits that are payable at death under the Excess Benefit Plan, Excess Compensation Top-Hat Plan and the Preservation Top-Hat Plan) by providing additional death benefits that these Salaried Plan participants are disqualified from receiving pursuant to the Salaried Plan as a result of their status as highly compensated employees. 
 Benefits under this Plan shall be allocated first to the Excess Benefit Plan, to the extent of benefits paid for the purpose indicated in subsection (a) above then any remaining benefits shall be allocated to the Excess Compensation Top Hat Plan, to the extent of benefits paid for the purpose indicated in subsection (b) above then any remaining benefits shall be allocated to the Preservation Top Hat plan, to the extent of benefits paid for the purpose indicated in subsection 
 (c) above lastly, any remaining benefits shall be allocated to the Top-Hat Welfare Plan in accordance with subsection (d) above. These four plans are severable for any and all purposes as directed by the Company. 
 78 

ARTICLE XI 
 
 APPLICABLE LAW & VENUE 
 
 The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and administered according to, and its validity and enforceability shall be governed by, enforced in accordance with, and determined under (1) ERISA and any other applicable federal law as would be applied in cases that arise in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, and (2) to the extent ERISA does not preempt state law, the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
 If any provision of this Plan is, or is hereafter declared to be, void, voidable, invalid or otherwise unlawful, the remainder of the Plan shall not be affected thereby. 
 Any claim, action or suit brought or filed in court or any other tribunal in connection with the Plan by or on behalf of a Claimant (as defined in Article VII) shall only be brought and filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky. 
 79 

ARTICLE XII 

SIGNATURE 

The above Plan is hereby adopted and approved, this day of 12 23 2022 , 

2022 to be effective as stated herein. 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. 
 
 By s Tracy Skeans Tracy Skeans Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer 

80 

APPENDIX 
 
 Foreword 
 
 The following Appendix articles modify particular terms of the Plan. Except as specifically modified in the Appendix, the foregoing main provisions of the Plan shall fully apply in determining the rights and benefits of Participants and beneficiaries (and of any other individual claiming a benefit through or under the foregoing). In the event of a conflict between the Appendix and the foregoing main provisions of the Plan, the Appendix shall govern. 
 81 

APPENDIX ARTICLE A 
 
 TRANSITION PROVISIONS 
 
 A.1 Scope . 
 
 This Article A provides the transition rules for the Plan that were effective at some time during the period beginning January 1, 2005 and ending December 31, 2008 (the Transition Period ). The time period during which each provision in this Article A was effective is set forth below 
 A.2 Definition of Actuarial Equivalent . 
 
 In addition to the provisions provided in Article II for determining actuarial equivalence under the Plan, during and for the remaining duration of the Transition Period, to determine the amount of a Pension payable in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or optional form of survivor annuity, as an annuity with inflation protection, or as a Single Life Annuity, the Plan Administrator used the actuarial factors under the Salaried Plan. 
 A.3 Transition Rules for Article VI (Distributions) 
 
 (a) Distribution of Pensions 409A Pensions that would have been paid out 
 
 during the Transition Period under the provisions set forth in the main body of the Plan (but for the application of permissible transition rules under Section 409A) shall be paid out on March 1, 2009. 
 (b) Linked Plan Distributions 409A Pensions paid during the Transition 
 
 Period commenced at the same time as, and were paid in the same form as, the time and form elected by the Participant with respect to his benefit under the Salaried Plan, as permitted under the applicable transition guidance for Section 409A. To the extent that payment occurred as described in this subsection A.3(b), the six-month delay for payment 
 82 

on Separation from Service to a Key Employee (as described in Section 6.6 of the Plan document) was not applied, as permitted under the applicable transition guidance for Section 409A. 
 A.4 Conformance with Section 409A 
 
 At all times from and after January 1, 2005, this Plan shall be operated (i) in accordance with the requirement of Section 409A, and (ii) to preserve the status of deferrals that were earned and vested before January 1, 2005 as being exempt from Section 409A, i.e. , to preserve the grandfathered status of such pre-409A deferrals. Any action that may be taken (and, to the extent possible, any action actually taken) by the Company, the Plan Administrator or both shall not be taken (or shall be void and without effect), if such action violates the requirements of Section 409A or if such action would adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. If the failure to take an action under the Plan would violate Section 409A, then to the extent it is possible thereby to avoid a violation of Section 409A, the rights and effects under the Plan shall be altered to avoid such violation. A corresponding rule shall apply with respect to a failure to take an action that would adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. Any provision in this Plan document that is determined to violate the requirements of Section 409A or to adversely affect the grandfather of the pre-409A deferral shall be void and without effect. In addition, any provision that is required to appear in this Plan document to satisfy the requirements of section 409A, but that is not expressly set forth, shall be deemed to be set forth herein, and the Plan shall be administered in all respects as if such provision were expressly set forth. A corresponding rule shall apply with respect to a provision that is required to preserve the grandfather of the pre-409A deferrals. In all cases, the provisions of this Section A.4 shall 
 83 

apply notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan that is not contained in this Section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section A.4 shall not apply after December 31, 2008. 
 A.5 Emil Brolick 19(c) 
 
 Under Q&A-19(c) of IRS Notice 2005-1, the Company permitted Emil Brolick to irrevocably elect to revise the form of any benefit that he may receive under the Plan from an annuity to a lump sum payment. In addition, the Company permitted Mr. Brolick to irrevocably elect to revise the time of payment of any benefit that he may receive under the Plan. Such election to revise the time or form of payment (or both) must be filed with the Plan Administrator on or before December 30, 2008. If so filed, and if otherwise valid (in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator), the PEP benefit for Mr. Brolick will be paid as specified in such election form. Otherwise, Mr. Brolick's PEP benefit will be paid as provided in the Plan. 
 A.6 Certain 19(c) Elections 
 
 (a) Company Severance Program Elections In connection with various 
 
 severance programs, and pursuant to Q&A-19(c) of IRS Notice 2005-1, the Company unilaterally designated the distribution of certain PEP kicker benefits during the transition period under Section 409A. The time of payment of these amounts was included in documents provided to the participants in these severance programs in advance of the commencement of their severance period. 
 (b) 2008 Elections In connection with various severance programs, and 
 
 pursuant to Q&A-19(c) of IRS Notice 2005-1, the Company permitted certain participants to irrevocably elect to revise the form of (i) any qualified plan enhancement benefit and (ii) any PEP benefit that they may receive under the Plan from a default lump sum payment to an annuity. In addition, the Company permitted these participants to 
 84 

irrevocably elect to revise the time of payment of any lump sum distribution for (i) any qualified plan enhancement benefit, or (ii) any PEP benefit that they may receive under the Plan. Such election to revise the time or form of payment must be filed with the Plan Administrator on or before December 10, 2008. If so filed, and if otherwise valid (in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator), the qualified plan enhancement benefit will be paid as specified in such election form. Otherwise, payment of any qualified plan enhancement benefit will be made in a lump sum on the first day of the month following the participant's separation from service, subject to any required delay for Key Employees under section 6.6 of the Plan, and payment of any PEP benefit shall be made in a lump sum on July 1, 2009. 
 85 

APPENDIX ARTICLE B 
 
 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS AND SERVICE 
 
 DURING CERTAIN SEVERANCE WINDOWS 
 
 B.1 Definitions 
 
 Where the following words and phrases, in boldface and underlined, appear in this Appendix B with initial capitals they shall have the meaning set forth below, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context. Any terms used in this Article B of the Appendix with initial capitals and not defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the main Plan, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the context. 
 (a) Severance Program shall mean a program providing certain severance 
 
 benefits that are paid while the program s participants are on a severance leave of absence that is determined by the Plan Administrator to qualify for recognition as Service under Section B.3 and Credited Service under Section B.4 of Article B. 
 (b) Eligible Bonus shall mean an annual incentive payment that is payable 
 
 to the Participant under the Severance Program and that is identified under the terms of the Severance Program as eligible for inclusion in determining the Participant s Highest Average Monthly Earnings. 
 B.2 Inclusion of Salary and Eligible Bonus 
 
 The Plan Administrator may specify that, pursuant to a Participant s participation in a severance window program provided by the Company, if a Participant receives a severance benefit pursuant to a Severance Program, all salary continuation and any Eligible Bonus earned or to be earned during the first 12 months of a leave of absence period provided to the Participant under such Severance Program will be counted toward the Participant s Highest Average 
 86 

Monthly Earnings, even if such salary or other earnings are to be received after a Participant s Separation from Service. In particular, if payment of a Participant s 409A Pension is to be made at Separation from Service and prior to the Participant s receipt of all of the salary continuation or Eligible Bonus that is payable to the Participant from the Severance Program, the Participant s Highest Average Monthly Earnings shall be determined by taking into account the full salary continuation and eligible bonus that is projected to be payable to the Participant during the first 12 months of a period of leave of absence that is granted to the Participant under the Severance Program. 
 B.3 Inclusion of Credited Service 
 
 The Plan Administrator may specify that, pursuant to a Participant s participation in a severance window program provided by the Company, if a Participant receives a severance benefit under a Severance Program, all Credited Service earned or to be earned during the first 12 months of the period of severance will be counted toward the Participant s Credited Service for purposes of determining the Participant s Pension and a Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension, even if the period of time counted as Credited Service under the Severance Program occurs after a Participant s Separation from Service. 
 B.4 Inclusion of Service 
 
 The Plan Administrator may specify that, pursuant to a Participant s participation in a severance window program provided by the Company, if a Participant receives a severance benefit under a Severance Program, all Service earned or to be earned during the first 12 months of the period of severance will be counted toward the Participant s Service for purposes of 
 determining the Participant s Pension and a Pre-Retirement Spouse s Pension, even if the period 
 87 

of time counted as Service under the Severance Program occurs after a Participant s Separation from Service. 
 B.5 Reduction to Reflect Early Payment 
 
 If the Participant receives either (1) additional Credited Service or (2) additional earnings that are included in Highest Average Monthly Earnings under Sections B.2 or B.3 of this Article B, as a result of a severance benefit provided under a Severance Program and such additional Credited Service or earnings are included in the calculation of the Participant s Pension prior to the time that the Credited Service is actually performed by the Participant or the earnings are actually paid to the Participant, the Pension paid to the Participant shall be adjusted actuarially to reflect the receipt of the portion of the Pension attributable to such Credited Service or earnings received on account of the Severance Program prior to the time such Credited Service is performed or such earnings are actually paid to the Participant. For purposes of determining the adjustment to be made, the Plan shall use the rate provided under the Salaried Plan for early payment of benefits. 
 88 

APPENDIX ARTICLE C 
 
 CEO S PENSION 2012 
 
 C.1 Scope and Purpose 
 
 This Appendix Article C applies solely to determine the amount of the Pension payable to the Participant who is the Chairman and CEO of Yum! Brands, Inc. as of January 1, 2012, David 
 C. Novak (the Applicable Participant ). Nothing in this Appendix Article C shall alter the time or form of payment of such Pension, which shall continue to be governed by the main provisions of the 409A Program. 
 C.2 Freeze as of January 1, 2012 
 
 Effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2012, the Pension payable to or on behalf of the Applicable Participant (including any Pre-Retirement Spouse s 409A Pension) shall be fixed and frozen at the level in effect for the Applicable Participant as of immediately prior to January 1, 2012. Accordingly 
 (a) The Applicable Participant s Credited Service and Highest Average Monthly Earnings shall be frozen and shall remain thereafter at the exact amounts of each that the Applicable Participant had under the Plan as of immediately prior to January 1, 2012, and 
 (b) The Applicable Participant s Total Pension (including any PEP Guarantee) and Salaried Plan Pension shall be frozen and shall remain thereafter at the exact amount of each that the Applicable Participant had under the Plan as of immediately prior to January 1, 2012. 
 89 

The conversion to a Single Lump Sum of a benefit frozen under this Section C.2 shall be governed by the Actuarial Equivalent factors in effect for such conversion immediately prior to January 1, 2012. 
 C.3 Early Commencement Reduction 
 
 Effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2012, for purposes of determining the Pension payable to or on behalf of the Applicable Participant (including any Pre-Retirement Spouse s 409A Pension) (the Reducible Pension ), there shall be a reduction for early commencement of the Applicable Participant s Reducible Pension of 0.33 for each month 
 that the Applicable Participant s Reducible Pension commences prior to January 1, 2016. For this purpose, early commencement refers to commencing the Applicable Participant s 
 Reducible Pension prior to his Normal Retirement Date. Such reduction shall apply in lieu of the reduction that would ordinarily apply under the Plan s main provisions in connection with an early commencement. 
 C.4 Determination of Pension Beginning January 1, 2013 . 
 
 Notwithstanding Sections C.2 and C.3 above and Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3, effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2013, the amount of (i) the Applicable Participant s Pension, and (ii) any benefits paid on behalf of the Applicable Participant (including the Pre- 
 Retirement Spouse s 409A Pension) shall not be determined under Sections C.2 and C.3 above and Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3, but shall be determined under the following subsections. For purposes of the following subsections, all terms that are written with initial capital letters (but which are not defined terms in this Appendix Article C, nor the main provisions of the Plan) shall have the definitions provided in the Leadership Retirement Plan LRP ), but with any modifications that are specified in the following subsections. 
 90 

(a) Account Balance . The Applicable Participant s Pension, expressed 
 
 as a single lump sum, shall be determined based on the balance standing to his credit in the account maintained for the Applicable Participant (the Account ). 
 (b) Initial Account Balance . The initial balance in the Account, as of 
 
 January 1, 2013 shall be 27,600,000, which is the present value (using the Company s 2013 proxy assumptions, and with rounding up to the nearest 100,000) of the Applicable Participant s benefit under the Plan as of the end of the day on December 31, 2012. 
 (c) Adjustment for Earnings . Following January 1, 2013, the balance 
 
 in the Account shall be adjusted for earnings, in the same manner as applies under the LRP (applying the Earnings Credit for a period before taking into account any Employer Credits that are credited to the Account since the last Valuation Date), except that the 
 Earnings Rate used to determine the Applicable Participant s Earnings Credit shall be equal to 120 of the applicable federal long-term rate, with compounding (as prescribed under section 1274(d) of the Code) based on the duration of the period between the regularly scheduled Valuation Dates (currently one year). This Earnings Rate is subject to change to the extent permitted under the LRP. To calculate the Applicable 
 Participant s Earnings Credit in the same manner as under the LRP, i.e., based on Years of Participation the Applicable Participant shall be treated as if (i) his participation in the Account commenced on January 1, 2013, and (ii) his participation in the Account ends on his Termination Date. 
 (d) The Company shall credit an Employer Credit to the Applicable Participant s Account at the same time and in the same manner as applies under the LRP. The Employer Credit Percentage shall be 9.5 unless the Company specifies a different 
 91 

percentage for one or more years prior to the date applicable for crediting Employer Credits under the LRP for any such year. This Employer Credit Percentage shall be applied to the Applicable Participant s Base Compensation and Bonus Compensation in the manner provided under the LRP. 
 (e) Distribution Valuation . Subject to subsection (f) below, the 
 
 Applicable Participant s Account shall be valued in connection with any distribution in the same manner as applies under the LRP. 
 (f) Distribution at Death . In the event of the Applicable Participant s 
 
 death, a distribution of 50 of the Applicable Participant s Account shall be distributed in the form and at the time that applies under this Plan, with such distribution being made to the Beneficiary of the Applicable Participant, determined in the manner applicable under the LRP. 
 92 

APPENDIX ARTICLE D 
 
 DE-GRANDFATHERED PARTICIPANTS 
 
 D.1 Scope 
 
 This Appendix Article D identifies the Participants whose Pre-409A Pensions have been de-grandfathered for purposes of Section 409A and indicates the time and form of payment 
 that shall apply. A Participant s de-grandfathered Pre-409A Pension shall be administered as a 409A Pension in accordance with the terms of the document for the 409A Program, effective as of the date such de-grandfathering occurs, but subject to any of the following Sections of this Appendix Article D that apply to the Participant. 
 D.2 March 1, 2010 De-Grandfathering 
 
 Effective as of March 1, 2010, as a result of a Plan amendment and related written Participant communications (as specified in the communications and then generally as of January 1, 2011), benefits under the Pre-409A Program became payable and began to be administered as though subject to the terms of the 409A Program, except with respect to the following two groups (who may be referred to as the Continuing Grandfathered Participants (i) Pre-2005 Participants, as defined in Article II, and (ii) other Participants who have an Annuity Starting Date under either the 409A Program or the Pre-409A Program that occurred before March 1, 2010 (subject in both cases to Section 4.10 regarding rehired Participants). Following this de- grandfathering event, the Pre-409A Pensions of Continuing Grandfathered Participants continued to be administered in accordance with the Pre-409A Program, except as otherwise set forth in this Appendix Article D. 
 D.3 De-Grandfathering of Certain Pre-2005 Participants for 2012 Lump Sum Window 
 93 

The 409A Pension of a Pre-2005 Participant who has been de-grandfathered pursuant to Section D.4 of Appendix Article D of the document for the Pre-409A Program shall be paid as follows 
 (a) Age 55 or Older on Date of De-Grandfathering If the Pre-2005 
 
 Participant is age 55 or older on the date his Pre-409A Pension is de-grandfathered, his 409A Pension shall be distributed as a Single Lump Sum on June 1, 2013. 
 (b) Below Age 55 on Date of De-Grandfathering If the Pre-2005 Participant 
 
 is younger than age 55 on the date his Pre-409A Pension is de-grandfathered, his 409A Pension shall be shall be distributed as an Annuity commencing on the later of (i) June 1, 2013, or (ii) the first of the month that is coincident with or immediately following the date he attains age 55, which applicable date shall be the Annuity Starting Date of his 409A Pension. A distribution under this subsection shall be in the form of a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Participant is married, or as a Single Life Annuity if he is not married. A Participant shall be considered married for purposes of this paragraph if he is married on the Annuity Starting Date of his 409A Pension. 
 All payments under this Section D.3 are subject to Section 6.6 of the main document (required six-month delay for key employees). A list of Pre-2005 Participants whose Pre-409A Pensions have been de-grandfathered pursuant to Section C.4 of Appendix Article C of the document for the Pre-409A Program is set forth in Schedule C to this Appendix Article D (using unique identifying information for each such Pre-2005 Participant). 
 D.4 Further De-Grandfathering of Participants under the 409A Program 
 
 Effective as of 12 01 AM on April 1, 2016, the 409A Program is amended to provide for the payment of benefits to any participant in the Pre-409A Program who becomes de- 
 94 

grandfathered under Appendix Section C.6 of the Pre-409A Program (a Further De- 
 
 Grandfathered Participant ). The benefit of any Further De-Grandfathered Participant shall be paid in a single lump sum on January 1, 2017. The lump sum shall be determined as the Actuarial Equivalent of the Further De-Grandfathered Participant s benefit expressed as Single Life Annuity as of his Normal Retirement Date, and with Actuarial Equivalence determined under Sections 2.1(e)(1), 2.1(e)(3) of the Salaried Plan (but without regard to Section 2.1(e)(3)(i) or (ii) of the Salaried Plan), and 2.1(f) of the Salaried Plan. 
 95 

APPENDIX ARTICLE P 
 
 RETIREMENT WINDOW BENEFIT 
 
 P.1 Scope 
 
 This Article P supplements the main portion of the Plan document with respect to the rights and benefits of Covered Employees. This Article P is effective with respect to a particular Covered Employee as of the beginning of the Window Start Date specified for such Covered Employee in Section P.2(i) of Part B of the Salaried Plan (definition of Severance Program ). 
 This Article P is effective January 31, 2008. 
 
 P.2 Definitions 
 
 This Section provides definitions for the following underlined words or phrases. Where they appear in this Article with initial capitals they shall have the meaning set forth below. 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Article, all defined terms shall have the meaning given to them in the main portion of the Plan document. 
 (a) Article This Article P of the Appendix to the Plan. 
 
 (b) Covered Employee A Participant who meets the definition of Covered 
 
 Employee under Section P.2(b) of Part B of the Salaried Plan. 
 
 (c) HCE A Covered Employee who is a highly compensated employee 
 
 within the meaning of Code section 414(q) on his Separation Date. 
 
 (d) PEP Bridge Benefit The special PEP benefit that may be provided to a 
 
 Covered Employee pursuant to Section P.3. 
 
 (e) PEP Window Benefit The special Early Retirement Pension that may be 
 
 provided to a Covered Employee pursuant to Section P.4. 
 96 

(f) Separation Date The date determined under Section P.2(f) of Part B of 
 
 the Salaried Plan. 
 
 (g) Separation from Service A separation from service within the meaning of 
 
 Code section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i). 
 
 (h) Specified Employee An employee described as a specified employee in 
 
 Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i). 
 
 P.3 PEP Bridge Benefit 
 
 A Participant who meets the eligibility requirements of subsection (a) below may be eligible for a PEP Bridge Benefit from this Plan in lieu of any other benefit under this Plan, calculated under subsection (b) below and payable as provided under subsection (c) below. 
 (a) Eligibility To be eligible for a PEP Bridge Benefit under this Section P.3, 
 
 a Participant must 
 
 (1) Be a Covered Employee on his Separation Date 
 
 (2) Be not more than 12 months from Retirement Eligibility and have less than 10 Years of Service on his Separation Date 
 (3) Be granted a special Authorized Leave of Absence for purposes of attaining Retirement Eligibility under Part B of the Salaried Plan and 
 (4) Be entitled to a benefit under the Plan without regard to this Article 
 
 P. 
 
 A Participant s period of time from attaining Retirement Eligibility shall be equal to the additional period of continuous employment by an Employer in an eligible classification that would be required, from and after the Participant s Separation Date, for the Participant to first reach Retirement Eligibility. 
 97 

(b) Calculation of PEP Bridge Benefit A Covered Employee s PEP Bridge 
 
 Benefit under this subsection (b), expressed as a Single Life Annuity payable at the Covered Employee s commencement date, shall be equal to (i) the benefit amount calculated under paragraph (1) below, plus (ii) the benefit amount calculated under 
 paragraph (2) below. 
 
 (1) Deferred Vested Pension . The benefit amount under this 
 
 paragraph shall be the Vested Pension to which the Covered Employee is entitled under Section 5.1 of the Plan, without regard to this Article or the additional Service and Compensation credited to the Covered Employee under Part B of the Salaried Plan as a result of being granted a special Authorized Leave of Absence. Such Vested Pension shall be expressed initially as a Single Life Annuity commencing at the Covered Employee s Normal Retirement Date, and then this annuity shall be reduced to an Actuarial Equivalent Single Life Annuity for commencement prior to the Covered Employee s Normal Retirement Date. 
 (2) Additional PEP Bridge Benefit . The amount calculated under this 
 
 paragraph shall equal (i) the amount calculated under paragraph (3) below, minus 
 
 (ii) the amount calculated under paragraph (1) above. 
 
 (3) PEP Retirement Benefit . The benefit amount under this paragraph 
 
 shall be the PEP benefit that would be payable to the Covered Employee if his benefit was calculated as an Early or Normal Retirement Pension (whichever the Covered Employee becomes eligible for under Part B of the Salaried Plan as a result of being granted a special Authorized Leave of Absence) in accordance with the usual provisions of the Plan for an Early or Normal Retirement Pension 
 98 

(as applicable), taking into account the additional Service and Compensation credited to the Covered Employee under Part B of the Salaried Plan as a result of being granted a special Authorized Leave of Absence. This monthly benefit shall be expressed initially as a Single Life Annuity commencing at the Covered 
 Employee s Normal Retirement Date, and shall be reduced for commencement prior to age 62 in accordance with the terms of the main portion of the Plan. 
 (c) Commencement and Payment of PEP Bridge Benefit A PEP Bridge 
 
 Benefit payable to a Covered Employee under this Section P.3 shall be payable as follows 
 (1) Additional PEP Bridge Benefit The additional PEP Bridge 
 
 Benefit payable to a Covered Employee solely as a result of this Article, which is subject to Code section 409A because it is earned and vested after December 31, 2004, shall be paid in accordance with the Plan s rules for Retirement Pensions that are subject to Code section 409A, i.e. , as a single lump sum on the first of the month coincident or next following the date the Covered Employee would have attained Retirement Eligibility (within the meaning of Section P.2(e) of Part B of the Salaried Plan) without regard to this Article if the Covered Employee had remained continuously employed in an eligible classification. However, if the Covered Employee has made an election for a different time and or form of payment for the portion of his benefit that is subject to Code section 409A, then the portion of the Covered Employee s PEP Bridge Benefit described in this paragraph shall be paid in accordance with such election. 
 99 

(2) Other PEP Benefit The portion of the Covered Employee s PEP 
 
 Bridge Benefit that would be payable to the Covered Employee without regard to this Article shall be paid as follows 
 (A) Pre-409A Pension In the case of a Covered Employee 
 
 who is a Continuing Grandfathered Participant, the portion of the Covered Employee s benefit representing his Pre-409A Pension shall be paid as a Retirement Pension in accordance with Section 6.1 of the main portion of the Plan document for pre-409A benefits. The Pre-409A Pension for all other Covered Employees shall be paid as provided in subparagraph (B) below (as though part of his 409A Pension). 
 (B) 409A Pension The portion of the Covered Employee s 
 
 benefit representing his 409A Pension (or paid as though part of his 409A Pension) shall be paid as a Vested Pension, i.e. , as a Single Life Annuity if the participant is unmarried at commencement or a 50 Joint and Survivor Annuity if the participant is married at commencement, unless the married participant elects either a 75 Joint and Survivor Annuity or a Single Life Annuity (all annuities under this paragraph shall be calculated without regard to the Plan s former simplified factors), and shall commence on the first of the month coincident or next following the later of (i) the Covered Employee s Separation from Service, or (ii) the date the Covered Employee attains age 55. Any election by a married Covered Employee under the preceding sentence to receive a 75 Joint and Survivor Annuity or Single Life Annuity shall be made on or before the 
 100 

day preceding the Covered employee s commencement date as determined under the preceding sentence (or if applicable, under paragraph (3) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Covered Employee has irrevocably executed the release described in Section P.2(b)(4) of Part B of the Salaried Plan by December 31, 2008, and payment under this paragraph would not be due by such date, then this portion of the Covered 
 Employee s PEP Bridge Benefit shall be paid as a single lump sum on July 1, 2009. 
 (3) Payment Delay for Specified Employees Notwithstanding 
 
 paragraphs (1) and (2) above or any other provision of this Article P or the Plan to the contrary, in the case of a Covered Employee who is a Specified Employee, any portion of the Covered Employee s PEP Bridge Benefit that is subject to Code section 409A and that is paid upon the Covered Employee s Separation from Service shall not be paid prior to the first day of the seventh month that 
 begins after the Covered Employee s Separation from Service. 
 
 P.4 PEP Window Benefit 
 
 Any Covered Employee who meets the eligibility requirements of subsection (a) below may be eligible for a PEP Window Benefit from this Plan, in lieu of any other benefit under this Plan. Such PEP Window Benefit (if any) shall be calculated as provided in subsection (b) below and shall be paid as provided in subsection (c) below. 
 (a) Eligibility To be eligible for a PEP Window Benefit under this Section 
 
 P.4, a Participant must 
 
 (1) Be a Covered Employee on his Separation Date, 
 101 

(2) Be an HCE on his Separation Date, and 
 
 (3) Satisfy the eligibility requirement set forth in Section P.3(a)(2) of Part B of the Salaried Plan. 
 (b) Calculation of PEP Window Benefit The PEP Window Benefit of a 
 
 Covered Employee who satisfies the eligibility provisions of subsection (a) above shall be calculated under Section 5.1 of the main portion of the Plan by taking into account, for purposes of determining the Covered Employee s Total Pension under Section 5.1(c)(1), the provisions of Section P.3 of Part B of the Salaried Plan, but without regard to the fact that such section ordinarily does not apply to a Covered Employee who is an HCE. For purposes of the calculation under Section 5.1, it shall be assumed that the Covered 
 Employee s PEP Window Benefit is all paid at the time the Qualified Kicker described in subsection (c) below is paid. 
 (c) Commencement and Payment of PEP Window Benefit A PEP Window 
 
 Benefit payable to a Covered Employee under this Section P.4 shall be payable as follows 
 (1) Qualified Kicker Only In the case of a Covered Employee who is 
 
 only eligible for a benefit under the Plan as a consequence of this Article being included in the Plan, such a Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall be considered a Qualified Kicker and shall be paid as follows 
 (A) General Rule . Except as provided in subparagraph (B) 
 
 below, a Covered Employee s Qualified Kicker shall be paid as a single lump sum as of the first of the month next following the date that is 10 weeks after the date of the Covered Employee s Separation from Service. 
 102 

(B) Special Rule for Taco Bell Severance Program for the Q4 
 
 2007 Restructuring . The Qualified Kicker of a Covered Employee whose 
 
 Separation Date occurs as a direct result of the Taco Bell Severance Program for the Q4 2007 Restructuring shall be paid as a single lump sum on the first of the month next following the date that is 12 weeks after the date of the Covered Employee s Separation from Service. 
 (C) Special Rule for Yum! Special Early Retirement Program 
 
 for 2013 for Eligible HUB Employees . The Qualified Kicker of a 
 
 Covered Employee whose Separation Date occurs as a direct result of the Yum! Special Early Retirement Program for 2013 for Eligible HUB Employees shall be paid as a single lump sum on November 1, 2013. 
 (2) Other PEP Benefit In the case of a Covered Employee who would 
 
 be eligible for a benefit under the Plan without regard to this Article, such a Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall be payable as provided in this subsection. 
 (A) Qualified Kicker The portion of such a Covered 
 
 Employee s PEP Window Benefit, which replaces the additional benefit that would have been paid under the Salaried Plan if Section P.3 of Part B of the Salaried Plan applied to a Covered Employee who is an HCE, shall be his Qualified Kicker and shall be paid as provided in paragraph (1) above. 
 (B) Pre-409A Pension In the case of a Covered Employee 
 
 who is a Continuing Grandfathered Participant, the portion of the Covered 
 103 

Employee s PEP Window Benefit representing his Pre-409A Pension, and which would be payable to such Covered Employee without regard to this Article, shall be paid as a Vested Pension, i.e. , as an annuity at the same 
 time and in the same form as the Covered Employee s annuity benefit under the Salaried Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if a Covered Employee has irrevocably executed the release described in Section P.2(b)(4) of Part B of the Salaried Plan by December 31, 2008, and payment under this paragraph would not be due by such date, then this portion of the Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall be paid as a single lump sum on July 1, 2009 (in which case this portion of the Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall become subject to Code section 409A). In the case of a Covered Employee who is not a Continuing Grandfathered Participant, his Pre-409A Pension shall be paid as provided in subparagraph (C) below (as though part of his 409A Pension). 
 (C) 409A Pension The portion of a Covered Employee s PEP 
 
 Window Benefit representing his 409A Pension (or paid as though part of his 409A Pension), and which would be payable to such Covered Employee without regard to this Article, shall be paid as a Vested Pension, i.e. , as an annuity at the same time and in the same form as the Covered 
 Employee s annuity benefit under the Salaried Plan. However, if the Covered Employee s Salaried Plan annuity has not commenced by December 31, 2008, then the benefit described in this paragraph shall be 
 104 

paid as a Single Life Annuity if the Covered Employee is unmarried at commencement and as a 50 Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Covered Employee is married at commencement, unless the married Covered Employee elects to receive either a 75 Joint and Survivor Annuity or a Single Life Annuity (all annuities under this paragraph shall be calculated without regard to the Plan s former simplified factors), and shall commence on the first of the month coincident with or next following the latest of (i) January 1, 2009, (ii) the Covered Employee s Separation from Service, or (iii) the date the Covered Employee attains age 55. Any election by a married Covered Employee under the preceding sentence to receive a 75 Joint and Survivor Annuity or Single Life Annuity shall be made on or before the day preceding the Covered employee s commencement date as determined under the preceding sentence (or if applicable, under paragraph (3) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Covered Employee has irrevocably executed the release described in Section P.2(b)(4) of Part B of the Salaried Plan by December 31, 2008, and payment under this paragraph would not be due by such date, then such Covered Employee s benefit that is described in this paragraph shall be paid as a single lump sum on July 1, 2009. 
 (D) PEP Kicker The remaining portion of such a Covered 
 
 Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall be his PEP Kicker and shall be paid in accordance with the Plan s rules for Retirement Pensions that are subject to Code section 409A, i.e. , as a single lump sum as of the first of 
 105 

the month next following when the Covered Employee would have attained Retirement Eligibility (within the meaning of Section P.2(e) of Part B of the Salaried Plan) if the Covered Employee had remained continuously employed by the Employer in an eligible classification. 
 However, if the Covered Employee has made an election for a different form and or time of payment for the portion of his benefit that is subject to Code section 409A, then the Covered Employee s PEP Kicker shall be paid in accordance with such election. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Covered Employee has irrevocably executed the release described in Section P.2(b)(4) of Part B of the Salaried Plan by December 31, 2008, and payment under this paragraph would not be due by such date, then such Covered Employee s PEP Kicker shall be paid as a single lump sum on July 1, 2009. 
 (3) Payment Delay for Specified Employees Notwithstanding 
 
 paragraphs (1) and (2) above or any other provision of this Article P or the Plan to the contrary, in the case of a Covered Employee who is a Specified Employee, any portion of the Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit that is subject to Code section 409A and that is paid upon the Covered Employee s Separation from Service, shall not be paid prior to the first day of the seventh month that begins after the Covered Employee s Separation from Service. 
 (d) Calculation of PEP Window Benefit Components The components of a 
 
 Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit described in Section P.4(c)(1) or (2) above 
 106 

(as applicable) shall be calculated (using the actuarial assumptions under Section 2.1(b)(2) of Part B of the Salaried Plan) as follows 
 (1) PEP Benefit Without Regard to this Article This portion of a 
 
 Covered Employee s PEP Window Benefit shall be calculated by determining the Covered Employee s total PEP benefit under Section 5.1 of the Plan, disregarding the provisions of this Article and then dividing this total benefit into the Pre-409A Vested Benefit and 409A Vested Benefit portions using the Plan s usual rules for computing the grandfathered and 409A portions of a Participant s benefit. 
 (2) Qualified Kicker A Covered Employee s Qualified Kicker shall 
 
 be calculated under the terms of Section P.3(b)(2) of Part B of the Salaried Plan, but without regard to the fact that this section ordinarily does not apply to a Covered Employee who is an HCE. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Qualified Kicker of a Covered Employee whose Separation Date occurs as a direct result of the Taco Bell Severance Program for the Q4 2007 Restructuring shall be reduced by the value of any weeks of severance pay in excess of 12 weeks that are payable to such Covered Employee in connection with the Restructuring. 
 (3) PEP Kicker A Covered Employee s PEP Kicker (expressed as a 
 
 Single Life Annuity payable on the Covered Employee s applicable commencement date) shall equal (i) the total PEP Window Benefit as calculated under subsection (b) above (expressed as a Single Life Annuity payable on the Covered Employee s applicable commencement date) minus (ii) the total PEP 
 benefit without regard to this Article i.e. , the sum of his Pre-409A Vested 
 107 

Pension and 409A Vested Pension) as calculated under paragraph (1) above (expressed as a Single Life Annuity payable on the Covered Employee s applicable commencement date) and minus (iii) the Qualified Kicker, but for 
 purposes of this paragraph (3), calculated without regard to the second sentence of paragraph (2) above (expressed as a Single Life Annuity payable on the Covered Employee s applicable commencement date). The resulting PEP Kicker shall be converted to the Covered Employee s applicable form of payment for the PEP Kicker using the Plan s usual factors for converting forms of payment. 
 108 

APPENDIX ARTICLE Q 
 
 AUSTRALIAN PARTICIPANTS 
 
 Q.1 Scope 
 
 This Article provides special rules for calculating the benefit of an Australian Participant, and these rules are the exclusive basis for an Australian Employee to become entitled to a benefit from the Plan. The benefit of an Australian Participant shall be determined under Section Q.3 below, subject to Section Q.4 below. Once a benefit is determined for an Australian Participant under this Article, such benefit shall be subject to the Plan s normal conditions and shall be paid in accordance with the Plan s normal terms. This Article is effective January 1, 2005 and applies to all accruals that are subject to Code section 409A, including those accrued prior to January 1, 2005. 
 Q.2 Definitions 
 
 This Section provides definitions for the following underlined words or phrases. Where they appear in this Article with initial capitals they shall have the meaning set forth below. 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Article, all defined terms shall have the meaning given to them in the main portion of the Plan document. 
 (a) Article This Article Q of the Appendix to the Plan. 
 
 (b) Australian Employee An individual (i) who became employed in the 
 
 United States by an United States Employer in an executive position prior to 2008, (ii) who was previously employed by the Company or an affiliate of the Company in Australia, and (iii) on whose behalf the United States Employer (directly or indirectly) makes Superannuation Contributions during any part of the period that he is employed as described in clause (i) above. 
 109 

(c) Australian Participant An Australian Employee shall not become a 
 
 Participant under this Plan until the earlier of (i) the day after he stops receiving Superannuation Contributions that are taken into account under subsection (d) below, or 
 (ii) his last day of employment that is described in subsection (b)(i) above. From and after such day, an Australian Employee shall be a Participant 
 (1) When he would be currently entitled to receive a Pension under the Plan if his employment terminated at such time, or 
 (2) When he would be so entitled but for the vesting requirement of Section 4.7. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection, an Australian Employee shall not become a Participant under this Plan if he enters into a qualifying written agreement with the Company to forgo a Pension under this Plan and the Salaried Plan for his period of employment described in subsection (b)(i) above. A written agreement that is otherwise described in the preceding sentence shall not be a qualifying written agreement for the period before the earliest date such agreement may apply without violating the restrictions on elections under Code section 409A. 
 (d) Superannuation Contributions Contributions to the Australian federal 
 
 government s compulsory retirement savings system into which an employer is required to contribute on behalf of a qualifying employee, over the course of each year, an amount that is at least equal to a specified minimum percentage of the employee s annual compensation, and that permits certain additional contributions (but disregarding such required or additional contributions that are made after an individual is no longer 
 110 

considered an Australian Employee as a result of ceasing current employment in the United States). 
 Q.3 Benefit Formula for Australian Employees 
 
 Except as provided in this Section Q.3, an Australian Participant s benefit shall be determined using a calculation methodology that is substantially similar to that applicable under Section 5.1 of the Plan. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Australian Participant s Total Pension (as defined in Section 5.1(c)(1)) shall be calculated as if 
 (a) The Australian Participant became an eligible Employee and began receiving Credited Service under the Salaried Plan on his first day of employment as an executive in the United States with a United States Employer and 
 (b) The Australian Participant ceased being an eligible Employee and ceased receiving Credited Service under the Salaried Plan at the end of his period of employment as an executive in the United States with a United States Employer 
 Without regard, in each case, to the actual periods during which the Australian Participant was an eligible Employee and received Credited Service under the Salaried Plan. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section Q.3, such Australian Participant s benefit shall be calculated by subtracting from his Total Pension (expressed as a lump sum amount as of his benefit commencement date under the Plan) the sum of (i) the Australian Employee s actual benefit under the Salaried Plan (expressed as a lump sum amount as of such date), plus (ii) the total 
 Superannuation Contributions made on behalf of the Australian Employee while employed in the United States by a United States Employer, adjusted for interest through such date at an annual rate of 7 percent, compounded annually. 
 Q.4 Alternative Arrangements Permitted 
 111 

Notwithstanding any provision of this Article to the contrary, the Company and an Australian Employee may agree in writing to disregard the provisions of this Article in favor of another mutually agreed upon benefit arrangement under the Plan, in which case this Article shall not apply. 
 112 

APPENDIX ARTICLE R 
 
 PARTICIPANTS ON TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENT 
 
 R.1 Scope 
 
 This Article R shall apply with respect to any person who qualifies as a Foreign-Assigned Employee and who is transferred to a Temporary Assignment outside the United States with a Approved Foreign Subsidiary, as those terms are defined in the Salaried Plan. Any such person shall be referred to in this Article R as a PEP Foreign-Assigned Employee. 
 R.2 Assignment in Canada 
 
 A PEP Foreign-Assigned Employee who is transferred to Canada shall not be an Employee for purposes of eligibility for the Plan during his period of service in Canada. However, upon such person s return to employment on an Employer s United States payroll following his service in Canada, the following shall apply for purposes of determining such PEP Foreign-Assigned Employee s Total Pension under Section 5.1 of the Plan, provided the person s employment in Canada was a Temporary Assignment (as defined in the Salaried Plan) and contributions to United States Social Security were made for such person during the Temporary Assignment pursuant to a totalization agreement (such person s return to a United States payroll after such an assignment in Canada may be referred to as an eligible return 
 (a) Such person s eligible return will be treated as a transfer under Section 3.6(a) of the Salaried Plan. 
 (b) Such person s employment in Canada for an Approved Foreign Subsidiary prior to the eligible return shall be treated as pre-transfer employment for which an amount of Pre-transfer Service will be determined and recognized in accordance with Section 3.6(a)(2) of the Salaried Plan, and Credited Service will be granted in accordance 
 113 

with Section 3.6(a)(3) of the Salaried Plan to the same extent as would apply if the person had been covered by a qualifying plan for the entire period such person was both on a Temporary Assignment in Canada and subject to a totalization agreement. 
 A Canadian pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(a)(3). Any qualifying plan that is not a broad-based foreign retirement plan shall reduce a Participant s benefit under this Plan only to the extent of the value of such qualifying plan as of immediately prior to the Participant s eligible return, and such reduction shall be applied only to the benefit that accrues immediately upon the Participant s eligible return. 
 R.3 Assignment in the United Kingdom 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan in the case of a PEP Foreign- Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to the United Kingdom and who participates while there in a United Kingdom pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(a)(3). 
 R.4 Assignment in India 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan in the case of a PEP Foreign- Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to India and who participates while there in a Indian pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the 
 114 

meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A- 1(a)(3). 
 R.5 Assignment in Singapore 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan in the case of a PEP Foreign- Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to Singapore and who participates while there in a Singapore pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 
 1.409A-1(a)(3). 
 
 R.6 Assignment in Russia 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan, in the case of a PEP Foreign- Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to Russia and who participates while there in a Russian pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the mean of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A- 1(a)(3). 
 R.7 Assignment in South Africa 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan, in the case of a PEP Foreign- Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to South Africa and who 
 115 

participates while there in a South African pension plan or similar arrangement that is qualifying plan, within the meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad-based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(a)(3). 
 R.8 Assignment in Thailand 
 
 For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan, in the case of PEP Foreign-Assigned Employee or another Participant who is transferred to Thailand and who participates while there in a Thai pension plan or similar arrangement that is a qualifying plan, within the meaning of Section 3.6(c)(4) of the Salaried Plan, such qualifying plan will be taken into account in the manner usually applicable to a qualifying plan only if such qualifying plan constitutes a broad- based foreign retirement plan, as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(a)(3). 
 R.9 Elimination of Eligible Classification Requirement 
 
 (a) For purposes of calculating benefits under this Plan in the case of a Participant who is employed by the Yum Organization and who ceases to be an Eligible Employee as a result of his being transferred to a country identified in Section Q.2(a) of the Salaried Plan (excluding Canada) 
 (1) The eligible classification requirement for Retirement eligibility under Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.4 and 4.5 shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the amount of the 409A Pension to which the Participant is entitled under Article V i.e. , benefit formula and early commencement factors) and 
 (2) The eligible classification requirement under Section 4.6(a) shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the amount of Pre-Retirement 
 116 

Spouse s 409A Pension to which the Eligible Spouse of such Participant is entitled under Article V. 
 The increase in the amount of a Participant s or Eligible Spouse s benefit resulting from the application of this subsection shall be determined by taking into account the 
 Participant s total Credited Service under the Plan (including Credited Service for periods before January 1, 2005), but such increase shall be provided solely and entirely under the 409A Program. The terms and conditions on the elimination of the eligible classification requirement for purposes of calculating a Participant s 409A Pension under this subsection (a) shall apply notwithstanding the provisions of Section Q.4 of the Salaried Program. 
 (b) In addition, in the case of a Participant who becomes eligible for a Retirement Pension under the 409A Program due to the elimination of the eligible classification requirement for such Participant under subsection (a) above, the 
 Participant s Pre-409A Pension shall be paid in accordance with clause (ii) of Section 6.1(a) of the document for the Pre-409A Program, and the Participant (during the period he is described in this subsection) shall not be eligible to make an Advance Election under the Pre-409A Program notwithstanding the fact that the Participant s benefit under the Salaried Plan is paid pursuant to the form of payment provisions applicable to Retirement Pensions under the Salaried Plan. 
 117 

APPENDIX ARTICLE S 
 
 LIMITATION ON BENEFIT ENHANCEMENTS 
 
 THAT ARE SUBJECT TO SECTION 457A 
 
 S.1 Scope . 
 
 With respect to any person who is subject to Section S.2 below (as a result of a transfer and other circumstances described in Section S.2), this Article S supplements the main portion of the Plan document and controls over the preceding Articles of this Appendix. This Article S is effective as of the beginning of the day on January 1, 2016. 
 S.2 Section 457A . 
 
 To avoid the application of Code section 457A Section 457A to a Participant s Pension, the following shall apply to a Participant who is or is expected to become, during the current year, subject to income taxation under the Code (a US-Taxed Participant ), and who transfers to a work location outside of the United States to provide services to a member of the YUM! Organization that is neither a United States corporation nor a pass-through entity that is wholly owned by a United States corporation Covered Transfer 
 (a) The US-Taxed Participant shall automatically vest in his or her Pension as of the end of the last business day before the Covered Transfer 
 (b) From and after the Covered Transfer, any benefit accruals or other increases or enhancements to the US-Taxed Participant s Pension relating to 
 (1) Service, 
 
 (2) Earnings (as defined in the Salaried Plan), 
 
 (3) The attainment of a specified age age attainment ), 
 118 

(collectively, Benefit Enhancement will not be credited to the US-Taxed Participant until the end of the last day of the Plan Year in or for which the US-Taxed Participant has the Service, Earnings or age attainment that results in such Benefit Enhancement, and then only if and to the extent permissible under subsection (c) below at that time and 
 (c) The US-Taxed Participant shall have no legal right to (and the US-Taxed Participant shall not receive) any Benefit Enhancement, which relates to Service, Earnings or age attainment, from and after the Covered Transfer to the extent such Benefit Enhancement would constitute compensation that is includable in income under Section 457A. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, one or more of the foregoing subsections shall not apply to a US-Taxed Participant who has a Covered Transfer if, prior to the Covered Transfer (or prior to the start of a calendar year beginning after the Covered Transfer, with respect to such calendar year), the Company provides a written communication (either to the Participant individually, to a group of similar Participants, to Participants generally, or framed in any other way that is intended to cause the communication to apply to the Participant i.e. , an applicable communication that one or more of these subsections do not apply to the Covered Transfer in question. Subsection (b) shall cease to apply as of the earlier of (i) the date the Participant returns to service for a member of the YUM! Organization that is a United States corporation or a pass-through entity that is wholly owned by a United States corporation, or (ii) the effective date for such cessation that is stated in an applicable communication. In addition, the Company s Vice President with responsibility for this Plan may (in his or her discretion) waive the application of one or more of these subsections retroactively with respect to some or all of the period that begins with the Covered Transfer, by providing the US-Taxed Participant with a written notification that clearly and expressly provides for such waiver. 
 119 

APPENDIX ARTICLE T 
 
 CEO S PENSION 2021 
 
 T.1 Scope and Purpose 
 
 This Appendix Article T applies solely to determine the amount of the Pension payable to the Participant who is the CEO of Yum! Brands, Inc. as of January 1, 2021, i.e. , David Gibbs (the Applicable Participant ). Nothing in this Appendix Article T shall alter the time or form of payment of such Pension, which shall continue to be governed by the main provisions of the 409A Program. 
 T.2 2020 Earnings 
 
 Effective as of January 1, 2021, the Pension payable to or on behalf of the Applicable Participant (including any Pre-Retirement Spouse s 409A Pension) shall be calculated by adjusting the Applicable Participant s Highest Average Monthly Earnings that are otherwise computed in accordance with the main provisions of the 409A Program. Specifically, this adjustment to the Applicable Participant s Highest Average Monthly Earnings shall increase by 
 900,000 the salary earnings that are taken into account for 2020 in computing such Highest Average Monthly Earnings. 
 120 

APPENDIX ARTICLE U GLOBAL RULES FOR IDENTIFYING SPECIFIED 
 
 EMPLOYEES UNDER COMPANY 409A PLANS EFFECTIVE MARCH 26, 2019 
 
 For purposes of all existing and future employment agreements, severance agreements, change-in-control agreements and other agreements, arrangements or plans entered into or sponsored by Yum! Brands, Inc. or any member of Yum! Brands Organization (the Company and that constitute deferred compensation plans within the meaning of Section 409A(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(a), an individual shall be considered a specified employee under Code Section 409A if he or she is determined to be a key employee of the Company. For this purpose, effective March 26, 2019, and subject to the last paragraph of these Global Rules, a key employee is any individual who is 
 (a) An officer of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation greater than 130,000 (as adjusted for the applicable year under Code Section 416(i)(1)) 
 (b) A five-percent (5 owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization or 
 (c) A one-percent (1 owner of any member of the Yum! Brands Organization having annual compensation of more than 150,000. 
 For purposes of (a) above, no more than 50 employees identified in the order of their annual compensation shall be treated as officers. 
 For purposes of (a) and (c) above, annual compensation means compensation as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(a), without regard to Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(d), 1.415(c)- 2(e), and 1.415(c)-2(g) provided, however, that effective as of the key employee identification date that occurs on December 31, 2009, annual compensation shall not include compensation 
 121 

excludible from an employee s gross income on account of the location of the services or the identity of the employer that is not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.415(c)-2(g)(5)(ii). 
 For purposes of these Global Rules, Yum! Brands Organization means the controlled group of organizations of which the Company is a part, as defined by Section 414 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. An entity shall be considered a member of the Yum! Brands Organization only during the period it is one of the group of organizations described in the preceding sentence. 
 Whether an individual is a key employee shall be determined in accordance with Section 416(i) of the Code and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general applicability issued thereunder or in connection therewith provided, that Section 416(i)(5) of the Code shall not apply in making such determination, and provided further that the applicable year shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and that any modification of the foregoing Code Section 416(i) definition that applies under Section 409A of the Code shall be taken into account. The provisions of this definition shall be interpreted and applied in all respects to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Global Rules, the Company s specified employees for the period from March 26, 2020 to March 31, 2020 shall be determined by combining the list of key employees determined as of December 31, 2018 for members of the Yum! Brands Organization as of such date (which list shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of these Global Rules) with the list of specified employees as of such date for Habit Restaurants, LLC (determined in accordance with the Section 2.25 of the Habit Restaurants Deferred Compensation Plan). Similarly, the Company s specified employees for the 
 122 

period from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021 shall be determined by combining the list of key employees determined as of December 31, 2019 for members of the Yum! Brands Organization as of such date with the list of specified employees as of such date for Habit Restaurants, LLC. Each such combined list reflects an alternative method for identifying specified employees in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(i)(5). Accordingly, it is expressly permissible for there to be more than 50 included on each such combined list based on their status as officers (only the underlying lists are limited to no more than 50 who are included based on their status as officers). 
 123 

</EX-10.5 1>

<EX-10.13 5>
 4
 yum-12312022xex10135.htm
 EX-10.13 5

Document 

YUM! BRANDS, INC. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 FORM OF GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Grant Date ,2023 Grantee Name Aggregate Number of Units Subject to Award xxx Vesting Schedule 25 on each of the first, second, third and fourth year anniversaries of the Grant Date 

This GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT Agreement is made as of the __ day of __________, 2023 between YUM! BRANDS, INC. , a North Carolina corporation YUM! ), and insert Participant ). 
 
 1. Award . 
 (a) Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the YUM! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), Participant is hereby awarded the aggregate number of restricted stock units set forth above evidencing the right to receive an equivalent number of shares of Stock, subject to the conditions of the Plan and this Agreement Restricted Stock Units ). 
 (b) Plan Incorporated . Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Summary Plan Description, and agrees that this award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the Summary Plan Description, including future amendments thereto, if any, which Plan and Summary Plan Description are incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Participant may make a written request for a copy of the Plan at any time. Except as defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 2. Terms of Restricted Stock Units . Participant hereby accepts the Restricted Stock Units and agrees with respect thereto as follows 
 (a) Assignment of Restricted Stock Units Prohibited . The Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated or otherwise transferred, encumbered or disposed of, except by will or the applicable laws of inheritance. 
 (b) Vesting . Provided the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including, without limitation, Subsection 2(c), the Restricted Stock Units shall vest as follows (i) one-fourth (1 4) on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date i.e ., _________ __, 2024, which is referred to as the Initial Vesting Date ), and (ii) after the Initial Vesting Date, an additional one-fourth (1 4) shall vest at each of (1) the two-year anniversary of the Grant Date, (2) the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date, and (3) the four-year anniversary of the Grant Date, respectively. 

Except as otherwise provided herein, as long as a separation from service from YUM!, its divisions and its Subsidiaries (collectively the Company does not occur prior to the four year anniversary of the Grant Date Vesting Date ), then Participant shall become vested in all Restricted Stock Units credited to Participant under this Agreement on such Vesting Date and shares of Stock shall be issued to him or her as described in subparagraph (f) below. 
 (c) Effect of Termination of Employment, Death, Retirement and Special Termination. 
 (i) In the event the Participant s employment with the Company is involuntarily terminated by the Company other than for cause, including, without limitation, as a result of (i) a disposition (or similar transaction) with respect to an identifiable Company business or segment Business ), and in accordance with the terms of the transaction, the Participant and a substantial portion of the other employees of the Business continue in employment with such Business or commence employment with its acquiror, (ii) the elimination of the Participant s position within the Company, or (iii) the selection of the Participant for work force reduction (whether voluntary or involuntary), the Restricted Stock Units will pro rata vest on a monthly basis for the vesting period in which the termination occurs such that a portion of the Participant s otherwise unvested Restricted Stock Units for the vesting period in which the termination occurs will vest based on the time the Participant was employed during such vesting period up to the last day of employment (as determined in accordance with Section 4(j) below) and all unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited. In the event the Participant s employment with the Company is terminated for cause, the Participant s outstanding Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited upon such termination unless otherwise provided by the Committee. In the event the Participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment with the Company, all unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited. 
 (ii) In the event the Participant s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of Participant s death, the Restricted Stock Units will immediately vest as of the date of Participant s death. 
 (iii) In the event the Participant s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of Retirement (as defined in Section 22), and such Participant is Retirement eligible on his or her date of Retirement, the Participant s Restricted Stock Units will continue to vest following Participant s Retirement through the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that Participant remains actively employed by YUM! through the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 (iv) In the event the Participant s employment with the Company is terminated by reason of Special Termination (as defined in Section 22), the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the following (i) if the Special Termination occurs as a result of a Special Termination as defined in Section 22(b)(i), pro rata on a monthly basis for the vesting period in which the termination occurs such that a portion of the Participant s otherwise unvested Restricted Stock Units for the vesting period in which the termination occurs will vest based on the time the Participant was employed during the vesting period up to the last day of employment (as determined in accordance with Section 4(j) below) and all unvested Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited and (ii) if the Special Termination occurs as a result of a Special 
 2 

Termination as defined in Section 22(b)(ii), in accordance with the vesting schedule otherwise applicable to the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement as though employment with the franchisee were not terminated with the Company. 
 (d) Dividend Equivalent Units . Participant will be credited with additional units Dividend Equivalent Units equal to the amount of dividends that would have been paid on the Restricted Stock Units if Participant actually owned the same number of shares of Stock during the period between the Grant Date and the Vesting Date. Dividend Equivalent Units shall vest at the same time that the Restricted Stock Units vest provided, however, that in the event the Restricted Stock Units are forfeited then any accumulated Dividend Equivalent Units will also be forfeited. 
 (e) No Rights as Stockholder . Participant shall not be a shareholder of record and therefore shall have no voting, dividend or other shareholder rights prior to the issuance of shares of Stock at vesting. 
 (f) Settlement and Delivery of Stock . Payment of vested Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the applicable Vesting Date but in no event later than 2-1 2 months following the year in which the Vesting Date occurs. Settlement will be made by payment in shares of Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, YUM! shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Stock if counsel to YUM! determines that such sale or delivery would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulation of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of YUM! with, any securities exchange or association upon which the Stock is listed or quoted. YUM! shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the delivery of shares of Stock to comply with any such law, rule, regulation or agreement. 
 Furthermore, Participant understands that the laws of the country in which he she is working at the time of grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or at the subsequent sale of Stock granted to Participant under this Award (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) may subject Participant to additional procedural or regulatory requirements he she is solely responsible for and will have to independently fulfill in relation to ownership or sale of such Stock. 
 
 3. Withholding of Tax . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges that regardless of any action taken by YUM! or if different, Participant s employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items arising out of Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by YUM! and or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that YUM! and or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Stock acquired under the Plan pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalent Units and (b) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the 
 3 

terms of the grant or any aspect of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Furthermore, if Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges that YUM! and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to YUM! and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes YUM! and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with respect to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by YUM!, the Employer, or any Subsidiary of YUM! or (2) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by YUM! (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) or (3) withholding in Stock to be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 (c) Depending on the withholding method, YUM! or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case Participant will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the Stock equivalent. If the obligation for the Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Stock, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 (d) Participant shall pay to YUM! or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that YUM! or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described in this Paragraph 3. YUM! may refuse to issue or deliver the Stock or the proceeds from the sale of Stock, if Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 4. Nature of Award . In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by YUM!, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by YUM! at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) this Award of Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past 
 (c) the Restricted Stock Units and any shares acquired under the Plan are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose 
 4 

(d) Participant acknowledges and agrees that neither YUM!, the Employer nor any Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between his or her local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement 
 (e) all decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units or other Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of YUM! 
 (f) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (g) this Award of Restricted Stock Units and any Stock acquired under the Plan are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (h) the future value of the Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of this Award of Restricted Stock Units or diminution in value of the Stock acquired upon settlement resulting from Participant s separation from service (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of this Award of Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against YUM!, any of its Subsidiaries and or the Employer, waives Participant s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases YUM!, its Subsidiaries and or the Employer from any such claim if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim 
 (j) for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant s employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to YUM! or one of its Subsidiaries (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by YUM!, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Award (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence) 
 5 

(k) by accepting the Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement, Participant agrees to an amendment to the terms of all prior Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreements between the Company and Participant pursuant to which there are currently unvested Restricted Stock Units outstanding, to add a new section to such Agreements which is identical to Section 14, Restrictive Covenants, of this Agreement and 
 (l) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by YUM! in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock. 
 5. Compensation Recovery Policy . 
 (a) Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under this Agreement shall be subject to the YUM! Brands, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy, amended and restated January 1, 2015 Compensation Recovery Policy ), and as in effect on the date of this Agreement. 
 (b) This Agreement is a voluntary agreement, and each Participant who has accepted the Agreement has chosen to do so voluntarily. Participant understands that the Restricted Stock Units provided under the Agreement and all amounts paid to the individual under the Agreement are provided as an advance that is contingent on YUM! s financial statements not being subject to a material restatement. As a condition of the Agreement, Participant specifically agrees that the Committee may cancel, rescind, suspend, withhold or otherwise limit or restrict the Restricted Stock Units for any individual party to such an agreement due to a material restatement of YUM! s financial statements, as provided in YUM! s Compensation Recovery Policy. In the event that amounts have been paid to Participant pursuant to the Agreement and the Committee determines that Participant must repay an amount to YUM! as a result of the Committee s cancellation, rescission, suspension, withholding or other limitation or restriction of rights, Participant agrees, as a condition of being awarded such rights, to make such repayments. 
 6. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or sale of the Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 7. Adjustment for Change in Stock . As set forth in the Plan, in the event of any change in the outstanding shares of Stock by reason of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, combination or exchange of shares or similar corporate change, the number of shares which Participant may receive upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be adjusted appropriately in the Committee s sole discretion. 
 8. Change in Control . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (including Section 2(c) above), if the Participant is employed on the date of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), and the Participant s employment is involuntarily terminated by the 
 6 

Company (other than for cause) on or within two years following the Change in Control, the outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested. 
 9. Employment Relationship . For purposes of this Agreement, Participant shall be considered to be in the employment of the Company as long as Participant remains an employee of YUM! or any of its Subsidiaries or a corporation or a subsidiary of YUM! assuming or substituting a new award for this Award of Restricted Stock Units. Any question as to whether and when there has been a termination of such employment, and the cause of such termination, shall be determined by the Committee, or its delegate, as appropriate, and its determination shall be final. 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to constitute or create a contract of service or employment, nor shall it constitute or create the right to remain associated with or in the service or employ of YUM!, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or related company for any particular period of time. This Agreement shall not interfere in any way with the right of YUM!, the Employer or any Subsidiary or related company, as applicable, to terminate Participant s service or employment at any time. Furthermore, this Agreement, the Plan, and any other Plan documents are not part of Participant s employment contract, if any, and do not guarantee either Participant s right to receive any future grants of Awards or benefits in lieu thereof under this Agreement or the Plan. The Restricted Stock Units and any Stock acquired under the Plan and the income and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments. 
 
 10. Data Privacy . Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award materials Data by and among, as applicable, the Employer, YUM! and its Subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Participant understands that YUM! and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Stock or directorships held in YUM!, details of all Awards of Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 
 Participant understands that Data will be transferred to Merrill Lynch, which is assisting YUM! with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections from Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. Participant authorizes YUM!, Merrill Lynch and any other possible 
 7 

recipients which may assist YUM! (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing his or her consent is that YUM! would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 
 11. Mode of Communications . Participant agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in lieu of receiving documents in paper format, to accept electronic delivery of any documents that YUM! or related company may deliver in connection with this grant and any other grants offered by YUM!, including prospectuses, grant notifications, account statements, annual or quarterly reports, and other communications. Electronic delivery of a document may be made via YUM! s email system or by reference to a location on YUM! s intranet or website or website of YUM! s agent administering the Plan. 
 To the extent Participant has been provided with a copy of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other documents relating to this Award in a language other than English, the English language documents will prevail in case of any ambiguities or divergences as a result of translation. 
 
 12. Committee s Powers . No provision contained in this Agreement shall in any way terminate, modify or alter, or be construed or interpreted as terminating, modifying or altering any of the powers, rights or authority vested in the Committee or, to the extent delegated, in its delegate pursuant to the terms of the Plan or resolutions adopted in furtherance of the Plan, including, without limitation, the right to make certain determinations and elections with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 13. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 14. Restrictive Covenants . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, and in consideration of these units and receipt of confidential information from the Company during his or her employment, Participant specifically agrees to the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 14 (the Restrictive Covenants and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants and the 
 8 

remedies described herein are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. Sections 14(b) and 14(c) apply to Participants who are Level 15 employees (or the equivalent of a Level 15 Employee) of the Company or above. 
 (a) Confidentiality. In consideration for receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that the Company is engaged in a competitive business environment and has a substantial interest in protecting its confidential information. Participant agrees that he or she has received and continues to receive, by virtue of his or her position with the Company, access to confidential information (including trade secrets) related to the Company and its business, and Participant agrees, during his or her employment with the Company and thereafter, and in consideration of receiving such information to maintain the confidentiality of the Company s confidential information and to use such confidential information for the exclusive benefit of the Company, except where disclosure is required to be made to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (b) Competitive Activity. During Participant s employment with the Company and for one year following the termination of Participant s employment for any reason whatsoever, Participant agrees and covenants that Participant shall not either directly or indirectly, alone or in conjunction with any other party or entity, perform any services, work or consulting for one or more Competitor Companies anywhere in the world. A Competitor Company shall be defined as (i) any company or other entity engaged as a quick service restaurant QSR and (ii) any company or other entity that is a delivery-oriented restaurant and (iii) any entity under common control with an entity included in (i) or (ii), above. Competitor Companies covered under this definition include, but are not limited to McDonald s, Domino s Pizza, Starbucks, Wendy s, Papa John s, Restaurant Brands International (including Burger King, Tim Horton s and Popeye s Chicken), Culver s, In-N-Out Burger, Sonic, Hardee s, Arby s, Jack-in-the-Box, Chick-fil-A, Chipotle, Q-doba, Panera Bread, Subway, Dunkin Brands, Five Guys, Bojangles, Church s, Del Taco, Little Caesars, Subway, Dico s, Jollibee, Blaze, MOD Pizza, Olive Garden, JAB Holding Company, Darden Restaurants, Inspire Brands and Focus Brands, and their respective organizations, partnerships, ventures, sister companies, franchisees, affiliates, franchisee organizations, cooperatives or any organization in which they have an interest and which are involved in the QSR restaurant industry anywhere in the world, or which otherwise compete with Yum Brands, Inc. 
 In the event that any portion of this Section 14(b) shall be determined by a court or arbitrator to be unenforceable because it is unreasonably restrictive in any respect, it shall be interpreted to extend over the maximum period of time for which it reasonably may be enforced and to the maximum extent for which it reasonably may be enforced in all other respects, and enforced as so interpreted, all as determined by such court or arbitrator in such action. Participant acknowledges the uncertainty of the law in this respect and expressly stipulates that this Agreement is to be given the construction that renders its provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its express terms) possible under applicable law. 
 9 

Notwithstanding the forgoing, the provisions of this Section 14(b) are not applicable to a Participant who is a resident of California and provides the majority of his or her services to the Company within California. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation. During Participant s employment and for eighteen months following the later of (i) termination of Participant s employment for any reason whatsoever or (ii) the last scheduled award vesting date, Participant shall not 
 (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company to leave the employ of Company 
 (ii) induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company to work for, render services to, or provide advice to any third party 
 (iii) induce or attempt to induce any current or former employee of the Company to supply confidential information of Company to any third party, except where disclosure is required to be made to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal 
 (iv) employ, or otherwise pay for services rendered by, any employee of the Company in any business enterprise with which Participant may be associated, connected or affiliated 
 (v) induce or attempt to induce any customer, franchisee, supplier, licensee, licensor or other business relation of Company to cease doing business with Company, or in any way interfere with the then existing business relationship between any such customer, franchisee, supplier, licensee, licensor or other business relation and Company or 
 (vi) assist, solicit, or encourage any other third party, directly or indirectly, in carrying out any activity set forth above that would be prohibited by any of the provisions of this Agreement if such activity were carried out by Participant. In particular, Participant will not, directly or indirectly, induce any employee of Company to carry out any such activity. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, the provisions of this Section 14(c) are not applicable to a Participant who is a resident of California and provides the majority of his or her services to the Company within California. 
 The Company and Participant agree that the provisions of this Section 14 contain restrictions that are not greater than necessary to protect the interests of the Company. 
 (d) Partial Invalidity. If any portion of this Section 14 is determined by a court or arbitrator to be unenforceable in any respect, it shall be interpreted to be valid to the maximum extent for which it reasonably may be enforced, and enforced as so interpreted, all as determined by such arbitrator in such action. Participant acknowledges the uncertainty of the law in this respect and expressly stipulates that this Agreement is to be given the construction that renders its 
 10 

provisions valid and enforceable to the maximum extent (not exceeding its express terms) possible under applicable law. 
 (e) Clawback & Recovery. Participant agrees that a breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants set forth in this Section 14 would cause material and irreparable harm to the Company. Accordingly, Participant agrees that if the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that Participant has violated any of the Restrictive Covenants contained in this Section 14, either during employment with the Company or after such employment terminates for any reason, the following rules shall apply 
 (i) The Committee may (A) terminate such Participant s participation in the Plan and or (B) send a Recapture Notice that will (1) cancel all or a portion of this or any outstanding Restricted Stock Units, (2) require the return of any shares of Stock received upon settlement of this or any prior Restricted Stock Units and or (3) require the reimbursement to the Company of any net proceeds received from the sale of any shares of Stock acquired as a result of such settlement. 
 (ii) Under this Section 14, the obligation to return shares of Stock received and or to reimburse the Company for any net proceeds received pursuant to a Recapture Notice, shall be limited to shares and or proceeds received by Participant within the period that is one year prior to and one year following the Participant s termination of employment. 
 (iii) The Committee has sole and absolute discretion to take action or not to take action pursuant to this Section 14 upon determination of a breach of a Restrictive Covenant, and its decision not to take action in any particular instance shall not in any way limit its authority to send a Recapture Notice in any other instance. 
 (iv) Any action taken by the Committee pursuant to this Section 14(e) is without prejudice to any other action the Committee may choose to take upon determination that the Participant has violated a Restrictive Covenant contained herein. 
 (v) This Section 14(e) will cease to apply upon a Change in Control. 
 (f) Right of Set Off. By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees that any member of the Company Group may set off any amount owed to Participant (including wages or other compensation, fringe benefits or vacation pay) against any amounts Participant owes under this Section 14. 
 15. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors to YUM! and all persons lawfully claiming under Participant. 
 16. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that, depending on his or her country of residence, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or sell shares of Stock or rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding YUM! (as defined by the laws in Participant s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable 
 11 

Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Participant is advised to speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 17. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of North Carolina. For purposes of resolving any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby agree that any such dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted the Committee for resolution, and any decision by the Committee shall be final. 
 For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant, Participant s participation in the Plan or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Kentucky and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Jefferson County, Kentucky, or the federal courts for the United States for the Western District of Kentucky, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 
 18. Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Addendum to this Agreement for Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent YUM! determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 19. Imposition of Other Requirements . YUM! reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent YUM! determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 20. Waiver . Participant acknowledges that a wavier by the company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other Participant. 
 21. Section 409A Provisions . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement (or the Plan) to the contrary 
 (a) It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and all regulations, guidance and other interpretive authority issued thereunder Code Section 409A so as not to subject Participant to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Code Section 409A. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Code Section 409A yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, neither YUM! nor any Subsidiary guarantees the tax treatment of the award evidenced by this Agreement (or other awards under the Plan). 
 12 

(b) If any payment hereunder (whether separately or together with any other payments) is subject to Code Section 409A, and if such payment or benefit is to be paid or provided on account of Participant s termination of employment (or other separation from service or termination of employment) (i) and if Participant is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and if any such payment is required to be made or provided prior to the first day of the seventh month following Participant s separation from service or termination of employment, such payment shall be delayed until the first day of the seventh month following Participant s separation from service or termination of employment, and (ii) the determination as to whether Participant has had a termination of employment (or separation from service) shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Code Section 409A without application of any alternative levels of reductions of bona fide services permitted thereunder. 
 22. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 (a) Retirement shall mean termination of employment by Participant on or after Participant s attainment of age 55 and 10 years of service or age 65 and 5 years of service (and not for any other reason). 
 (b) Special Termination means, (i) with respect to a Participant who has been approved as a franchisee by YUM! or any of its affiliates, the Participant s termination of employment with the Company (other than a termination by the Company for cause) to become, immediately following such termination, a franchisee of YUM! or one of its affiliates, and (ii) with respect to any Participant, the Participant s termination of employment with the Company (other than a termination by the Company for cause) to become, immediately following such termination, an employee of a franchisee of YUM! or one of its Subsidiaries as approved by an officer of YUM!. Participants who do not meet the foregoing requirements may not have a Special Termination. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , YUM! has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 
 13 

ADDENDUM TO 
 
 YUM! BRANDS, INC. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 FOR NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award of Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under the Yum! Brands, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan if Participant works and or resides in one of the countries listed below. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 Notifications 
 This Addendum also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of December 2014 . Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, YUM! strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information in this Addendum as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that Restricted Stock Units vest or Participant sells Stock acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and YUM! is not in a position to assure Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently working or transfers employment after the Grant Date, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. 
 
 AUSTRALIA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Australian Offer Document. Participant understands that the offering of the Plan in Australia is intended to qualify for exemption from the prospectus requirements under Class Order 14 1000 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Participation in the Plan is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Australian Offer Document, the Plan and this Agreement provided to Participant. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. If Participant acquires Stock under the Plan pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and subsequently offers the Stock for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, such an offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law, and Participant should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. 
 
 CANADA 

Terms and Conditions 
 Vesting and Forfeiture. This provision supplements subparagraph 2(c) of the Agreement. 
 In the event of Participant s involuntary separation from service (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), Participant s right to receive and vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that is the earlier of (1) the date Participant receives notice of termination of service from YUM! or if different, the Employer, or (2) the date Participant is no longer actively providing service to YUM! or the Employer regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law (including, but not limited to, statutory law, regulatory law and or common law) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant no longer actively providing service for purposes of the Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 The following provisions will apply if Participant is a resident of Quebec 
 French Language Provision. 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 Data Privacy. This provision supplements Paragraph 8 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant hereby authorizes YUM! and YUM!'s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional involved in the administration of the Plan. Participant further authorizes YUM!, the Employer and any Subsidiary to disclose and discuss such information amongst themselves and with their advisors. Participant also authorizes YUM!, the Employer and any Subsidiary to record such information and to keep such information in Participant's service or employment file. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. Participant is permitted to sell Stock acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the resale of the Stock acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada, which should be the case as the Stock is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Participant is required to report any foreign property (including shares of Stock) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of Participant's foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. The form must be filed by April 30th of the following year. Participant is advised to consult with his or her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 
 CHINA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 

2 

The following provisions apply only to nationals of the People s Republic of China (the PRC residing in the PRC, unless otherwise determined by YUM! or required by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE 
 
 Mandatory Sale of Shares Upon Termination of Service. To ensure compliance with exchange control laws in China, Participant agrees that any Stock issued upon settlement of the RSUs and held by Participant at the time of his or her termination of service must be sold immediately upon such termination of service. Any Stock that is not sold by Participant will be sold on his or her behalf as soon as practicable after Participant's termination of service and in no event more than six months after his or her termination of service, pursuant to this authorization (i) to YUM! to instruct its designated broker to sell such Stock and (ii) to the designated broker to assist with the sale of such Stock. Participant acknowledges that YUM! s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the Stock at any particular price. Upon the sale of the Stock, YUM! agrees to pay Participant the cash proceeds from the sale of the Stock, less any brokerage fees or commissions and subject to any obligation on YUM! or the Employer to satisfy any Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Broker Account. Any Stock issued to Participant upon settlement of the RSUs must be maintained in an account with Merrill Lynch or such other broker as may be designated by YUM! until the Stock is sold through that broker. 
 
 Repatriation. Pursuant to exchange control laws in China, when the Stock acquired at settlement of the RSUs are sold, whether immediately or thereafter, including on Participant's behalf after termination of his or her service, Participant will be required to immediately repatriate the cash proceeds from the sale of the Stock and any cash dividends paid on such Stock to China. Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of his or her cash proceeds will need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account established in China by YUM! or any Subsidiary or the Employer, and Participant hereby consents and agrees that any proceeds from the sale of Stock will be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to Participant. Unless YUM! in its sole discretion decides otherwise, the proceeds will be paid to Participant in local currency. The Company is under no obligation to secure any exchange conversion rate, and YUM! may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions in China. Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Stock is sold and the time the sale proceeds are distributed through such special exchange control account. 
 
 Other. Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by YUM! in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China and to sign any agreements, forms and or consents that may be reasonably requested by YUM! or its designated broker to effectuate any of the remittances, transfers, conversions or other processes affecting the proceeds. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset and Account Reporting. Participant may be required to report to SAFE all details of their foreign financial assets and liabilities, as well as details of any economic transactions conducted with non-PRC residents. Participant should consult with his or her personal advisor in order to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Term and Conditions 

3 

Language Consent. By accepting the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement, including this Addendum) which were provided in English language. Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et le contrat, y compris cette Annexe) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Participant must declare all foreign bank and brokerage accounts (including any accounts that were opened or closed during the tax year) in his or her annual income tax return. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information. If Participant remits proceeds in excess of 12,500 out of or into Germany, Participant must report such cross-border payment(s) to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). In case of payments in connection with securities (such as proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock acquired under the Plan), the report must be made electronically by the 5th day of the month following the month in which the payment was received. The form of the report (Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik) can be obtained via the Bundesbank's website www.bundesbank.de in English and German. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Warning The Restricted Stock Units and Stock acquired at vesting do not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to directors of YUM! and employees of YUM! or a Subsidiary. The Agreement, including this Addendum, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation in Hong Kong nor have the documents been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Addendum, or the Plan, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information. Participant must repatriate the proceeds from the sale of Stock received in relation to the Stock to India within 90 days after receipt. Participant must also repatriate any dividends received in relation to the Stock to India within 180 days after receipt. Participant must maintain the foreign inward remittance certificate received from the bank where the foreign currency is deposited in the event that the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. It is Participant s responsibility to comply with applicable exchange control laws in India. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Participant understands that he or she is required to declare foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Stock held outside India) 
 4 

in his or her annual tax return. Participant is advised to consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this requirement. 
 
 ISRAEL 
 Definitions . This Agreement and the Israeli Addendum shall apply only to a Participant who is an Eligible 102 Participant as such term is defined under the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan, attached hereto as Exhibit A . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein and or in the Plan shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan. 
 Terms of Restricted Stock Units . Certain specific terms of the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 Acceptance of Award and Acknowledgments . The Participant hereby (a) accepts the Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan, the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan, and this Agreement, (b) acknowledges to have received, read and understood the Plan, the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan and this Agreement and (c) agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan, as amended from time to time, this Agreement and the Israeli Addendum, and any tax ruling which was approved by the Israel Tax Authority with respect to the Plan and the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan. 
 Vesting . The following provision supplements Section 2(b) of the Agreement 
 The Company shall notify the Participant in writing that upon the Vesting Date, shares of Stock shall be issued to him or her without consideration, all as described in subparagraph 2(f) of the Agreement. 
 Dividend Equivalent Units. The following provision supplements Section 2(d) of the Agreement 
 Any Dividend Equivalent Units shall be held by a global stock plan administrator or the Trustee, and any Stock allocated or issued upon the vesting of the Dividend Equivalent Units shall only be transferred and held by the Trustee in trust for the benefit of the Participant. The Trustee shall be entitled to withhold taxes according to any requirement under applicable laws, rules, tax rulings and regulations. 
 Taxation . The following provision supplements Section 3 of the Agreement 
 Notwithstanding the above, a Participant who was granted a Restricted Stock Unit under Section 102, declares and acknowledges that 
 (a) The Participant accepts and agrees that with respect to any 102 Trustee Grant granted to him or her, subject to the provisions of Section 102 and any rules or regulation or orders or procedures promulgated thereunder, he or she shall not sell or release from trust any Stock received by him or her upon vesting of any Restricted Stock Unit or any share received subsequently following any realization of rights, including without limitation, bonus shares and Dividend Equivalent Units until the lapse of the Required Holding Period under Section 102 of the Ordinance. Notwithstanding the above, the Participant is aware that if any such sale or release occurs during the Required Holding Period (and such sale or release is not allowed by Section 102 of the Ordinance), the sanctions under Section 102 of the Ordinance and under any rules or regulation or orders or procedures promulgated thereunder shall apply to him or her and shall be borne solely by him or her. 
 5 

(b) With respect to 102 Trustee Grant, the Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she is familiar with the provisions of Section 102 and the regulations and rules promulgated thereunder, including without limitations the type of Restricted Stock Unit granted to him or her hereunder and the tax implications applicable to such grant. 
 (c) Should any Non-Trustee Grant be granted to the Participant, the Participant hereby agrees that should he or she cease to be employed by the Company or any Affiliate the Participant shall extend to the Company and or its Affiliate a security or guarantee for the payment of tax due at the time of sale of the Stock, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 and the rules, regulation or orders promulgated thereunder. 
 (d) By signing this Agreement the Participant acknowledges that he or she is aware and agree that any tax consequences arising from the grant of any Restricted Stock Unit (or Dividend Equivalent Units), from the vesting thereof, from the payment for Stock or from any other event or act (of the Company and or its Affiliates, the Trustee, or the Participant himself) hereunder, shall be borne solely by him or her. The Company and or its Affiliates and or the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold taxes according to any requirement under applicable laws, rules, tax rulings and regulations. Furthermore, the Participant hereby agrees and undertakes to indemnify and reimburse the Company and or its Affiliates and or their respective employees, officers, directors or any person acting on their behalf, and or the Trustee, as the case may be, and hold each of them harmless against and from any and all liability for any tax (including, without limitation, income tax, national insurance and health tax), interest, linkage differentials and penalties thereon, including without limitation, liabilities relating to the necessity to withhold, or to have withheld, any such tax from any payment made to such Participant. 
 (e) The Participant will not be entitled to receive from the Company any Stock allocated or issued upon the vesting of his or her Restricted Stock Units prior to the full payments of his or her tax liabilities arising from Restricted Stock Units which were granted to him or her and or Stock issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be required to affect or complete any registration or recordation in its corporate books and records in respect of any Stock issuable upon the vesting of Restricted Stock Units by the Participant nor release any share certificate to the Participant until all payments required to be made by the Participant have been fully satisfied. 
 (f) The Participant hereby undertakes not to have any claim against the Company or any of its directors, employees, shareholders or advisors if it emerges, at the time of grant, vesting or recipient of the Restricted Stock Units, that the Participant s investment in the Stock was not worthwhile, for any reason whatsoever. 
 (g) With respect to the Restricted Stock Units, by signing this Agreement the Participant hereby confirms the following 
 (i) He or she has been notified that the receipt of the Restricted Stock Units, the Dividend Equivalent Units , and the disposition of the Stock to be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalent Units may result in tax consequences to the Participant, and that the Participant has been advised by the Company to consult a tax adviser in this respect 
 (ii) Neither the Company nor any of its employees, officers, directors or any other person acting on its behalf (including representatives, legal counsels and tax advisers) have or shall be deemed to have provided the Participant any 
 6 

advice with respect to the grant of any Restricted Sotck Units, the terms of this Agreement (including the Israeli Addendum), or any other document, or with respect to any tax consequences. 
 Trustee. 
 (a) With respect to the Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant hereto, by signing and delivering this Agreement, the Participant hereby confirms that he or she read the provisions of the Trust Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C , and that the terms and conditions thereof are hereby agreed and acknowledged and it is agreed that a condition to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is the Participant s agreement to be bound by, and comply with, its provisions. 
 (b) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is conditioned upon the Participant signing all documents requested by the Company, the Trustee and the ITA (if required). 
 (c) The Company may replace the Trust Agreement or amend, cancel, renew or replace the terms of the Agreement at any time, at its sole discretion, subject to the provisions of Section 102. 
 (d) By signing and delivering this Agreement, the Participant hereby confirms that he or she is aware that the Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalent Units may be held by a global stock plan administrator other than the Trustee, and that any Stock allocated or issued upon the vesting of his or her Restricted Stock Units shall only be transferred and held by the Trustee in trust for the benefit of the Participant. In any event, any Restricted Stock Units, Dividend Equivalent Units (or any Stock allocated or issued upon the vesting of his or her Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalent Units) shall not be transferred directly from the global stock plan administrator to the Participant or any other person other than the Trustee. 
 Data Protection . The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement 
 The Participant acknowledges that he she is not obligated by law to provide any personal data under this Agreement, and that any such provision of personal data is subject to his her own free will. 
 Exhibits . Exhibits A-C attached hereto shall be considered an integral part of this Israeli Addendum. 
 Participant Confirmation 
 I, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan and accept the grant of the Restricted Stock Units subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof and herein. 
 I have reviewed the Plan, the Israeli Appendix Sub-Plan and this Agreement (including the Israeli Addendum) in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, and fully understand all provisions of this Agreement. 
 I agree to notify the Company immediately upon any change in the email address indicated below. 
 7 

I, THE UNDERSIGNED, ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I AM FAMILIAR WITH THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND DO NOT REQUIRE TRANSLATION OF THIS APPROVAL AND ANY ANNEXED DOCUMENTS TO ANY OTHER LANGUAGE. I FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE BEEN ADVISED BY THE COMPANY THAT I SHOULD CONSULT AN ATTORNEY WITH RESPECT TO, AND BEFORE EXECUTING, THIS GRANT LETTER APPROVAL AND THAT I HAVE BEEN AFFORDED AN OPPORTUNITY TO DO SO . 
 , , . . 

ITALY 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Data Privacy. This provision replaces Paragraph 8 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant understands that the Employer and YUM! and any Subsidiary may hold certain personal information about him or her, including, but not limited to, Participant's name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Stock or directorships held in YUM!, details of all Restricted Stock Units and other awards or entitlements to Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested, settled or outstanding in Participant's favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan. 
 
 Participant also understands that providing YUM! with Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and that his or her refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for YUM! to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. The controller of personal data processing is YUM! with registered offices at 1441 Gardiner Lane, Louisville, Kentucky 40213, United States and, pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 196 2003, its representative in Italy for privacy purposes is KFC Italy S.r.l., with registered offices at c o Cocuzza & Associati, Via San Giovanni Sul Muro 18, Milan. 
 
 Participant understands that Data will not be publicized or used for direct marketing purposes. Participant further understand that the Employer and YUM! and any Subsidiary will transfer Data among themselves as necessary for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Participant's participation in the Plan, and that the Employer and YUM! and any Subsidiary may each further transfer Data to Merrill Lynch or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by YUM!, which is assisting YUM! with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Data may also be transferred to certain other third parties assisting YUM! with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom Participant may elect to deposit any Stock acquired under the Plan subject to the terms of the Agreement. Such recipients may receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer Data in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing Participant's participation in the Plan. Participant understands that these recipients may be located inside or outside of the European Economic Area, such as in the United States or elsewhere. Should YUM! exercise its discretion in suspending all necessary legal obligations connected with the administration and management of the Plan, it will delete Data as soon as it has completed all of the necessary legal obligations connected with such administration and management of the Plan. 
 8 

Participant understands that Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data is collected and with confidentiality and security provisions, as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to Legislative Decree no. 196 2003. 
 
 The use, processing and transfer of Data abroad, including outside of the European Economic Area, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require Participant's consent thereto, as such use, processing and transfer is necessary to performance of contractual obligations related to implementation, administration, and management of the Plan, as discussed above. Participant understands that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Legislative Decree no. 196 2003, Participant has the right, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, correct, or terminate, for legitimate reason, the use, processing and transfer of Data. For more information on the collection, use, processing and transfer set forth in this document, Participant understands that he or she may contact the human resources representative designated by the Employer and or YUM!. 
 
 Grant Document Acknowledgment. In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan, the Summary Plan Description and the Agreement and has reviewed the documents in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions contained therein. Participant acknowledges, further, that he or she may request a written copy of the Plan at any time. 
 
 Participant further acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the following provisions of the Agreement subparagraph 2(c) Vesting and Forfeiture Paragraph 3 Withholding of Tax Paragraph 4 Nature of Award Paragraph 5 Compensation Recovery Policy Paragraph 7 Employment Relationship Paragraph 14 Governing Law and Forum and the Data Privacy section of this Addendum (above). 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. If Participant holds investments abroad or foreign financial assets e.g ., Stock acquired under the Plan or cash from the sale of such Stock, etc.) that may generate income taxable in Italy, Participant is required to report them on his or her annual tax returns (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) or on a special form if no tax return is due, irrespective of their value. 
 
 Foreign Asset Tax Information. The value of the financial assets e.g ., Stock acquired under the Plan or cash from the sale of such Stock, etc.) held outside of Italy by Italian residents is subject to a foreign asset tax levied at an annual rate of 0.2 . The taxable amount will be the fair market value of the financial assets assessed at the end of the calendar year. 
 
 JAPAN 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Participant is required to report details of assets held outside of Japan as of December 31st, including shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000. The report will be due by March 15th each year. Participant is advised to consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this requirement. 

9 

KOREA 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information. Exchange control laws require Korean residents who realize US 500,000 or more from the sale of Stock or the receipt of dividends to repatriate the proceeds to Korea within 18 months of the sale. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts i.e ., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 1 billion (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). Participant is advised to consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with this requirement. 
 
 NETHERLANDS 
 
 No country-specific requirements apply. 
 
 RUSSIA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 U.S. Securities Transaction . Participant understands that this Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be valid and the Agreement shall be concluded and become effective only when the Agreement is received electronically or otherwise by YUM! in the United States. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . This Addendum, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials that Participant may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The issuance of securities pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia hence, the securities described in any Plan-related documents may not be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. In no event will Stock be delivered to Participant in Russia instead, all Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units will be maintained on Participant s behalf in the United States. 
 
 Exchange Control Notification . Under current exchange control regulations, within a reasonably short time after sale of Stock acquired under the Plan, Participant must repatriate the sale proceeds to Russia. Such sale proceeds must be credited initially to Participant through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the sale proceeds are initially received in Russia, the funds may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. 
 
 Participant should consult his or her personal advisor before remitting any sale proceeds to Russia, as exchange control requirements may change. 

10 

SINGAPORE 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 The following variation in the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement only applies to Participants who are U.S. citizens, residents, or green card holders employed by a Subsidiary organized under the laws of Singapore. 
 
 Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units. Notwithstanding subparagraph 2(c) of the Agreement, in the event of termination of Participant's service with the employing Subsidiary as the result of Retirement, Participant shall forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested at the time of such separation from service as determined in accordance with subparagraph 4(j) of this Agreement. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Restricted Stock Units are being granted to Participant pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Singapore Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Participant should note that such Award of Restricted Stock Units is subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units unless such sale or offer in Singapore is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA (Cap 289, 2006 Ed.). 
 
 Director Notification Obligation. If Participant is a director, associate director or shadow director of YUM! or a Singaporean Subsidiary, Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singaporean Subsidiary in writing when Participant receives an interest e.g ., Restricted Stock Units, Stock) in YUM! or any related companies. Please contact YUM! to obtain a copy of the notification form. In addition, Participant must notify YUM! or Singaporean Subsidiary when Participant sells Stock of YUM! or any related company (including when Participant sell Stock acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in YUM! or any related company. In addition, a notification must be made of Participant s interests in YUM! or any related company within two days of becoming a director. 
 
 SOUTH AFRICA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Withholding of Tax. The following provision supplements Paragraph 3 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees that, immediately upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant will notify the Employer of the amount of any gain realized. If Participant fails to advise the Employer of the gain realized upon settlement, Participant may be liable for a fine. Participant will be solely responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount withheld by the Employer. 

11 

SPAIN 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement. The following provision supplements Paragraph 4 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant understands that YUM! has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant Restricted Stock Units to select Eligible Individuals who meet the eligibility requirements set forth in the Plan. The decision is a limited decision, which is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any Restricted Stock Units granted will not economically or otherwise bind YUM! or any of its Subsidiaries on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, Participant understands that the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are given on the assumption and condition that they shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with YUM! or any of its Subsidiaries) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. Further, Participant understands and freely accepts that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever shall arise from any gratuitous and discretionary grant of Restricted Stock Units since the future value of the Restricted Stock Units and the underlying Stock is unknown and unpredictable. In addition, Participant understands that any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, Participant understands, acknowledges and freely accepts that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of Restricted Stock Units or right to Restricted Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 
 Further, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is expressly conditioned on Participant's continued and active rendering of service, such that if his or her employment terminates for any reason whatsoever, the Restricted Stock Units may cease vesting immediately, in whole or in part, effective on the date of Participant's termination of employment except as otherwise specified in Paragraph 2 of the Agreement. This will be the case, for example, even if (1) Participant is considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause (2) Participant is dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal (3) Participant terminates service due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition (4) Participant terminates service due to a unilateral breach of contract by YUM! or a Subsidiary or (5) Participant's employment terminates for any other reason whatsoever. Consequently, upon termination of Participant's employment for any of the above reasons, Participant may automatically lose any rights to Restricted Stock Units that were not vested on the date of Participant's termination of employment unless otherwise provided in Paragraph 2 of the Agreement. 
 
 Participant acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in Paragraph 4 of the Agreement. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory. The Agreement, including this Addendum, has not been nor will it be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores, and does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 
 Exchange Control Information. If Participant acquires Stock under the Plan, Participant must declare the acquisition to the Direccion General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI ). If Participant acquires the Stock through the use of a Spanish financial institution, that institution will automatically make the declaration to the DGCI otherwise, Participant will be required to make the declaration by filing a D-6 form. Participant must declare ownership of any Stock with the DGCI each January while the Stock is 
 12 

owned and must also report, in January, any sale of shares of Stock that occurred in the previous year for which the report is being made, unless the sale proceeds exceed the applicable threshold, in which case the report is due within one month of the sale. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. Participant is required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the shares held in such accounts if the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year exceed 1,000,000. 
 
 Further, effective January 1, 2013, to the extent that Participant holds shares and or have bank accounts outside Spain with a value in excess of 50,000 (for each type of asset) as of December 31 each year, Participant will be required to report information on such assets in his or her tax return (tax form 720) for such year. After such shares and or accounts are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported shares or accounts increases by more than 20,000. If the value of such shares and or accounts as of December 31 does not exceed 50,000, a summarized form of declaration may be presented. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. The Award of Restricted Stock Units is considered a private offering in Switzerland therefore, it is not subject to registration. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information. Participant must immediately repatriate the proceeds from the sale of Stock and any dividends to Thailand immediately upon receipt if the amount of received in a single transaction is US 50,000 or more. Participant must then either convert the funds to Thai Baht or deposit the amount in a foreign currency deposit account maintained by a bank in Thailand within 360 days of repatriating the amount to Thailand. If the repatriated amount is US 50,000 or more, Participant must report the inward remittance by submitting the Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the authorized agent or the Bank of Thailand. Participant is solely responsible for complying with applicable exchange control rules in Thailand and is advised to consult with his or her personal advisor to ensure such compliance. 
 
 TURKEY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. Participant is not permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan in Turkey. Participant must sell such shares outside of Turkey. The Stock is currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol YUM and shares of Stock may be sold on this exchange, which is located outside of Turkey. 
 
 Exchange Control Information. Pursuant to Decree No. 32 on the Protection of the Value of the Turkish Currency Decree 32 and Communique No. 2008-32 34 on Decree 32, any activity related to investments in foreign securities e.g ., the sale of shares of Stock under the Plan, the receipt of cash dividends or any portion of Dividend Equivalent Units paid in cash) must be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish Capital Markets Board and should be reported to 
 13 

the Turkish Capital Markets Board. Participant is solely responsible for complying with Turkish exchange control requirements and is advised to contact a personal legal advisor for further information regarding these requirements. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (DUBAI) 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 The following variation in the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement only applies to Participants who are U.S. citizens, residents, or green card holders employed by a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the UAE. 
 
 Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units. Notwithstanding subparagraph 2(c) of the Agreement, in the event of termination of Participant's service with the employing Subsidiary as the result of Retirement, Participant shall forfeit all Restricted Stock Units to the extent they are not fully vested at the time of such separation from service as determined in accordance with subparagraph 4(j) of this Agreement. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information. The offer of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan is made only to individuals who satisfy the definition of Eligible Individuals in the Plan, and constitutes an exempt personal offer of equity incentives to employees in the United Arab Emirates. This Agreement, the Plan and any other documents related to the Award of Restricted Stock Units are intended for distribution only to Eligible Individuals and must not be delivered to, or relied on, by any other person. 
 
 The Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and or the Central Bank have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with this statement. The Ministry of Economy, the Dubai Department of Economic Development, the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority, Central Bank and the Dubai Financial Securities Authority have not approved this statement, the Plan, this Agreement or any other documents related to the Award of Restricted Stock Units or taken steps to verify the information set out therein and have no responsibility for such documents. 
 
 If Participant does not understand the contents of this Agreement or the Plan, Participant should consult his or her personal financial advisor. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Withholding of Tax. The following provisions supplement Paragraph 3 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant agrees that, if Participant does not pay or the Employer or YUM! does not withhold from Participant the full amount of Tax-Related Items that Participant owes at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, or the release or assignment of the Restricted Stock Units for consideration, or the receipt of any other benefit in connection with the Restricted Stock Units (the Taxable Event within 90 days after the end of the tax year in which the Taxable Event occurs, or such other period specified in section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the Due Date ), then the amount that should have been withheld shall constitute a loan owed by Participant to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. Participant agrees that the loan will bear interest at Her Majesty s Revenue & Custom s HMRC s official rate and will be immediately due and repayable by Participant, and YUM! and or the 
 14 

Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means set forth in Paragraph 3 of the Agreement. Participant also authorizes YUM! to delay the delivery of Stock unless and until the loan is repaid in full. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is an officer or executive director (as within the meaning of section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that Participant is an officer or executive director and Tax-Related Items are not collected from or paid by Participant by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected Tax-Related Items will constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions NICs will be payable. Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Employer for the value of any NICs due on this additional benefit. Participant acknowledges that YUM! or the Employer may recover any such amounts by any of the means referred to in Paragraph 3 of the Agreement. 
 
 BY PARTICIPATING IN THE PLAN, I AM DEEMED TO ACCEPT THE GRANT BY YUM! BRANDS, INC. OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, AND I HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT DATED ______________ ___, 2023. 
 
 YUM! BRANDS, INC. 
 
 By s Tracy Skeans 
 Tracy Skeans 
 YUM! Brands, Inc., Chief Operating Officer and Chief People Officer 

15 

</EX-10.13 5>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 yum-12312022xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF YUM! BRANDS, INC. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 Name of Subsidiary State or Country of Incorporation A.C.N. 003 190 163 Pty Limited Australia A.C.N. 003 190 172 Pty Limited Australia A.C.N. 003 273 854 Pty Limited Australia A.C.N. 054 055 917 Pty Ltd Australia A.C.N. 054 121 416 Pty Limited Australia A.C.N. 085 239 961 Pty Ltd Australia A.C.N. 085 239 998 Pty Ltd Australia A.C.N. 108 123 502 Pty Ltd Australia ABR Insurance Company Vermont Ashton Fried Chicken Pty. Limited Australia Cyprus Caramel Restaurants Limited Cyprus Dragontail Systems Canada, Inc. British Dragontail Systems Ltd. Israel Dragontail Systems Pty Limited f k a Dragontail Systems Limited Australia Dragontail Systems USA, Inc. Delaware Egg Shell Holdings LLC Delaware Finger Lickin' Chicken Limited United Kingdom Finger Lickin Good Franchising LLC Delaware GCTB, LLC Virginia Gloucester Properties Pty. Ltd. Australia Gotham Newco 4 Limited England and Wales Habit Employment, L.P. Delaware HBG Franchise, LLC Delaware Heart Brands UK Limited England and Wales Heart Brands Pty Ltd. Australia Heartstyles (Pty) Ltd. South Africa IPDEV Co., LLC Delaware Kentucky Fried Chicken (Germany) Restaurant Holding GmbH Germany Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited England and Wales Kentucky Fried Chicken Canada Company Nova Scotia Kentucky Fried Chicken International Holdings LLC Delaware Kentucky Fried Chicken Limited England and Wales Kentucky Fried Chicken Pty. Ltd. Australia KFC (Pty) Ltd South Africa KFC Advertising, Limited England and Wales 

KFC Asia Data & Analytics Pte. Ltd Singapore KFC Asia ELP Management, LLC Delaware KFC Asia Franchise Pte. Ltd. f k a Taco Bell Restaurants China-India Pte. Ltd. Singapore KFC Asia Holdings LLC f k a KFC Asia S. r.l. f k a TB Asia Holdings S. r.l. Delaware KFC Asia Holdings, LP England and Wales KFC Australia IP Holdings, LLC Delaware KFC Canada, LLC Delaware KFC Corporation Delaware KFC Europe Holdings S. . r.l. Switzerland KFC Europe S. . r.l. Switzerland KFC Europe S. . r.l. Luxembourg KFC France SAS France KFC Holding Co. Delaware KFC Holding SAS France KFC Holdings B.V. Netherlands KFC India Marketing Private Limited India KFC International Holdings II LLC f k a KFC International Holdings II S. . r.l. Delaware KFC Italy S.r.l. Italy KFC Menapak LLC Delaware KFC MENAPAK S. . r.l. Luxembourg KFC MENAPAKT FZ-LLC Dubai KFC MENAPAKT Holdings, LLC Delaware KFC North America LLC f k a KFC North America S. . r.l. Delaware KFC Operations LLC f k a KFC Operations S. r.l. f k a Yum! Finance Holdings IV S. .r.l Delaware KFC Pacific Holdings Ltd Malta KFC Restaurants Spain S.L. Spain KFC South Africa Holdings B.V. Netherlands KFC THC V Ltd Malta KFC US, LLC Delaware Multibranding Pty. Ltd. Australia National Systems, LLC Delaware Newcastle Fried Chicken Pty. Limited Australia Northside Fried Chicken Pty Limited Australia Novo BL SAS France Novo Re IMMO SAS France Pacific Bell Franchising LLC Delaware Pacificly Pizza Hut LLC Delaware PH Canada Company Nova Scotia 

PH Digico LLC Delaware PH Digital Ventures UK Limited England and Wales PH Europe S. . r.l. Luxembourg PH Mexico LLC f k a PH Mexico S. . r.l. Delaware PH North America LLC f k a PH North America S. . r.l. Delaware PH Operations LLC f k a PH Operations S. r.l. f k a Yum! Asia Holdings II S. .r.l Delaware PH Restaurant Holdings GmbH Germany PH South Africa Holdings B.V. Netherlands PHDV Asia Company Limited Vietnam Pizza Famila Partnership Delaware Pizza Hut (Pty) Ltd South Africa Pizza Hut Asia Franchising, LP England and Wales Pizza Hut Asia Pacific Franchise Pte. Ltd. f k a Pizza Hut Restaurants China-India Pte. Ltd. Singapore Pizza Hut Asia Pacific Holdings LLC f k a Pizza Hut Pacific Holdings LLC f k a PH Asia Holdings S. . r.l. Delaware Pizza Hut Canada, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut Connect, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut Delivery Germany GmbH Germany Pizza Hut ELP Management, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut Europe Limited England and Wales Pizza Hut Guarantor, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut Holdings, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut HSR Advertising Limited England and Wales Pizza Hut India Marketing Private Limited India Pizza Hut International, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut MENAPAK Counsulting FZE Dubai Pizza Hut MENAPAK Holdings, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut MENAPAK S. r.l. Luxembourg Pizza Hut MENAPAKT FZ-LLC Dubai Pizza Hut of America, LLC Delaware Pizza Hut, LLC Delaware Pizza Pete Franchising LLC Delaware QuikOrder, LLC Delaware Restaurant Concepts LLC Delaware Restaurant Holdings Limited England and Wales South China Sea Investments LLC Delaware Southern Fast Foods Limited England and Wales Suffolk Fast Foods Limited England and Wales Taco Bell Asia Franchising, LLC f k a TB Asia S. r.l. Delaware Taco Bell Asia Franchising, LP England and Wales 

Taco Bell Canada, LLC Delaware Taco Bell Cantina Corp Delaware Taco Bell Corp California Taco Bell Franchise Holder 1, LLC Delaware Taco Bell Franchisor Holdings, LLC Delaware Taco Bell Franchisor, LLC Delaware Taco Bell Funding, LLC Delaware Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC Delaware Taco Bell of America, LLC Delaware Taco Bell Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Taco Bell UK and Europe Limited f k a Yum! Restaurants Limited England and Wales TB Asia LLC Delaware TB Canada Company Nova Scotia TB Cantina, LLC Delaware TB ELP Management, LLC Delaware TB International Holdings II LLC f k a TB International Holdings II S. . r.l. Delaware TB North America LLC f k a TB North America S. . r.l. Delaware TBA Services, LLC Delaware The Habit Restaurants, Inc. Delaware The Habit Restaurants, LLC Delaware TicTuk Technologies Ltd. Israel Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc. North Carolina YA Company One Pty. Ltd. Australia YEB Holdings LLC Delaware YEB III LLC Delaware YRH Holdco Limited England and Wales YRI China Franchising LLC f k a YRI China Franchising S. . r.l. f k a Yum! Finance Holdings V S. . r.l. Delaware YRI China Licensing LLC Delaware YRI Europe S. . r.l. Luxembourg YRI Global Liquidity S. . r.l. Luxembourg YRI Investment Company S. . r.l. Luxembourg Yum Connect Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Yum Connect, LLC Delaware Yum Cyprus Limited Cyprus Yum HS Holdings, LLC Delaware Yum India Technology Solutions Private Limited India Yum Restaurant Services Group, LLC Delaware Yum! Asia Franchise Pte Ltd Singapore Yum! Asia Holdings LLC f k a Yum! Asia Holdings S. . r.l. Delaware 

Yum! Australia Equipment Pty. Ltd. Australia Yum! Brands Mexico Holdings II LLC Delaware Yum! China ELP Management, LLC Delaware Yum! China Franchising, LP England and Wales Yum! Europe Holdings, LP England and Wales Yum! Europe Limited England and Wales Yum! Europe Management, LLC Delaware YUM! Finance Holdings I S. . r.l. Luxembourg Yum! Franchise de Mexico LLC f k a Yum! Franchise de Mexico, S. . r.l. Delaware Yum! Holdings II Limited England and Wales Yum! III (UK) Limited England and Wales Yum! International Finance Company LLC f k a Yum! International Finance Company S. . r.l. Delaware Yum! KFC Australia Holdings I LLC Delaware Yum! Restaurant Holdings England and Wales Yum! Restaurantes do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Yum! Restaurants (India) Private Limited India Yum! Restaurants (NZ) Ltd. New Zealand Yum! Restaurants Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Yum! Restaurants Australia Pty Limited Australia Yum! Restaurants Europe Limited England and Wales Yum! Restaurants International (MENAPAK) Co. W.L.L. f k a Yum! Restaurants International (MENAPAK) Co. S.P.C Bahrain Yum! Restaurants International (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Yum! Restaurants International Holdings LLC Delaware Yum! Restaurants International Limited England and Wales Yum! Restaurants International Ltd. & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft Germany Yum! Restaurants International Management LLC Delaware YUM! Restaurants International MENAPAK Consulting FZE Dubai Yum! Restaurants International, Inc. Delaware Yum! Restaurants International, S de RL de CV Mexico Yum! Restaurants Limited f k a Yum! MENAPAKT Limited England and Wales Yum! Restaurants Marketing Private Limited India Yumsop Pty Limited Australia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 yum-12312022xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-248288) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-36877, 333-32050, 333-36955, 333-36961, 333-36893, 333-32048, 333-109300, 333-64547, 333-32052, 333-109299, 333-170929, and 333-223152) on Form S-8 of our report dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Yum! Brands, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 

Louisville, Kentucky 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 yum-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, David W. Gibbs, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of YUM! Brands, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 24, 2023 
 s David W. Gibbs Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 yum-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Chris Turner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of YUM! Brands, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s Chris Turner Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 yum-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of YUM! Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, David W. Gibbs, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 24, 2023 
 s David W. Gibbs Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to YUM! Brands, Inc. and will be retained by YUM! Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 yum-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of YUM! Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Chris Turner, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 24, 2023 
 s Chris Turner Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to YUM! Brands, Inc. and will be retained by YUM! Brands, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 yum-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 yum-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 yum-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 yum-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 yum-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

